<doc id="7022845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022845" title="Dick Davis (politician)">
Dick Davis (politician)

Richard Joseph Davis Jr. (August 7, 1921 – March 4, 1999) was an American politician who was the 34th Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from 1982 to 1986 serving under Governor Chuck Robb. A former mayor of Portsmouth, Virginia, Davis' 1981 election as Lieutenant Governor saw him win 8 of the 10 Congressional Districts composing Virginia in 1981; his statewide margin of victory over Republican state senator Nathan H. Miller was 150,000 votes. Davis was the first Catholic elected to a statewide office in Virginia history.
Early life and education.
Richard Joseph Davis Jr. was born on August 7, 1921, in Portsmouth, Virginia. Davis' father had invested much of the family's money in the stock market during the 1920s. Davis' family was Irish Catholic, and during Al Smith's 1928 presidential campaign the Ku Klux Klan burned a cross on the porch of his family home. That same year, his father died at age 52. A few years later, five of the six banks in Portsmouth closed, and since the stock Davis' father had invested in was assessable, the family lost much of its money. Because of this, Davis had to work odd jobs to help support his family.
In 1938, Davis began attending the College of William &amp; Mary. In college, Davis worked as a waiter in the dining hall, and by his junior year he was headwaiter. 
Davis attended law school at the University of Virginia.
Career.
Following his graduation from William &amp; Mary, Davis served in the United States Marine Corps from 1942 to 1946, having been promoted to captain in 1945. He remained in the Marine Corps Reserve and was called up for service during the Korean War in 1950, serving until 1952. Davis became a successful mortgage banker with the help of his father-in-law.
Davis later attended law school, graduating from the University of Virginia School of Law. As a new lawyer, he was mentored by politician William Spong Jr., a fellow Portsmouth citizen.
Davis ran for Portsmouth City Council and then for mayor after a group of local businessmen recruited him to help save the city. Davis started his term as mayor in 1974. At the time, the city had a deficit of $3 million. By the time Davis left office, the city had $3 million in unappropriated funds. In 1978, Davis became Democratic State Chairman of Virginia.
Davis ran for Lieutenant Governor in the 1981 election alongside Chuck Robb. He won eight out of the ten Congressional Districts at the time. His statewide margin of victory over Republican state senator Nathan H. Miller was 150,000 votes.
Davis was the first Catholic elected to a statewide office in Virginia history. Davis would remain the only statewide Catholic elected in Virginia history until the 2001 Virginia General Elections, when Tim Kaine was elected lieutenant governor, the same office Davis once held. Four years later, in the 2005 Virginia General elections, history was made again when Kaine won the governor's race and Bob McDonnell won the attorney general's race. The elections of Kaine and McDonnell created a new record in Virginia history at that time: two Catholics elected to statewide offices. Davis was a supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment.
While Lieutenant Governor, Davis served in the executive branch with two fellow Democrats: Attorney General Gerald Baliles, who would be elected governor in 1985; and Governor Chuck Robb, who had preceded Davis as lieutenant governor.
In 1982, Davis ran for the United States Senate after no other Democratic candidate stepped up, despite the fact that he wanted to be Governor instead. Davis narrowly lost to Republican candidate Paul S. Trible Jr. At the time, Davis' net worth was $2.5 million.
In 1985, Davis ran for Governor. In a January 1985 poll, Davis was ranked ninth out of twenty-two candidates. He lost the election.
Personal life.
Davis owned the Tidewater Sharks in the Southern Hockey League from 1975 to 1977. His son, Richard Davis III, is a lawyer in Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="7022848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022848" title="Farthingale chair">
Farthingale chair



</doc>
<doc id="7022849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022849" title="Stanford prison">
Stanford prison



</doc>
<doc id="7022856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022856" title="Tanning bulb">
Tanning bulb



</doc>
<doc id="7022857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022857" title="Pacos de Ferreira">
Pacos de Ferreira



</doc>
<doc id="7022869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022869" title="Tanning lamps">
Tanning lamps



</doc>
<doc id="7022873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022873" title="Fulton Street Mall">
Fulton Street Mall



</doc>
<doc id="7022874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022874" title="Tanning bulbs">
Tanning bulbs



</doc>
<doc id="7022875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022875" title="Rosalio José Castillo Lara">
Rosalio José Castillo Lara

Rosalio José Castillo Lara (4 September 1922 – 16 October 2007) was a Venezuelan prelate of the Catholic Church. He worked in the Roman Curia for almost all of his career, first with responsibility for rewriting the code of canon law and then in administrative positions in the government of the Holy See. He was made a cardinal in 1985.
Biography.
Castillo Lara was born in San Casimiro, diocese of Maracay, in Venezuela's Aragua State, on 4 September 1922. Third son of seven children, he was ordained a priest on 4 September 1949, by his uncle, Archbishop Castillo Hernandez of Caracas.
In 1950 he went to study canon law at the Salesian Pontifical University in Turin. In September 1954, he was named professor at the faculty of canon law, at first in Turin until 1957, then in Rome until 1965. He was named titular bishop of Precausa and Coadjutor Bishop of Trujillo on 26 March 1973.
He became Secretary of the Commission for the Revision of the Code of Canon Law on 20 February 1975. In 1982 he was named President of the Commission for the Revision of the Code of Canon Law, which produced the 1983 Code of Canon Law. He was promoted to archbishop on 26 May 1982.
He was named Pro-President of the Pontifical Commission for the Authentic Interpretation of the Code of Canon Law on 18 January 1984. Pope John Paul II made him a cardinal during the Consistory of 25 May 1985, and two days later appointed him the first President of the Pontifical Commission for the Authentic Interpretation of the Code of Canon Law, later known as the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts.
He became President of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Holy See on 6 December 1989, a post to which he added on 31 October 1990 that of President of the Pontifical Commission for the State of Vatican City. He was also a member of several other bodies, including the Cardinals' Supervisory Commission for the Institute for Religious Works, commonly known as the Vatican Bank.
In 1996, he dismissed concerns about the health of Pope John Paul II, who was suffering from Parkinson's disease. He said: "Certainly the tremor in the hand is terrible, and I think that for the Pope, who was once such an athlete, it is a humiliating and mortifying phenomenon. But it helps to maintain a spirit of humility, and still, he is lucid, with a remarkable memory."
Relations with the Chávez government.
Castillo Lara was one of the Venezuelan ecclesiastic figures most opposed to the government of Hugo Chávez. In a 2006 homily, he asked for prayers "with fervour to the Virgin Mary to save Venezuela. We are living a very grave situation, like a few times in our history". Castillo once called Chávez "a paranoid dictator", while Chavez called Castillo "a hypocrite, bandit and devil with a cassock."

</doc>
<doc id="7022877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022877" title="Charles VII of Two Sicilies">
Charles VII of Two Sicilies



</doc>
<doc id="7022889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022889" title="New Jersey State Auditor">
New Jersey State Auditor

The New Jersey State Auditor is a constitutional officer appointed by the New Jersey Legislature and administratively placed within the Office of Legislative Services. The Auditor conducts financial and performance audits of State agencies, certain school districts, and vicinages of the Judiciary. The State Auditor also conducts studies on the operation, economy and efficiency of State-run or State-supported programs.
History.
The Office of the State Auditor, which is in the legislative branch of government, was originally established in 1934 pursuant to P.L. 1933, c.295. A number of statutory amendments dealing with the powers and duties of the State Auditor have been enacted in the ensuing years. The Office of the State Auditor is within the Office of Legislative Services under the provisions of the Legislative Services Act.
The State Auditor is a constitutional officer appointed by the Legislature for a term of five years and until a successor shall be appointed and qualified. On February 23, 2021, Mr. David J. Kaschak, CPA, CGFM, was confirmed by a joint session of the Legislature as the State Auditor.
The organization of the office within the legislative branch permits the State Auditor to be independent of the executive and judicial branches of government. This independence is critical in terms of meeting professional standards and in providing fair and objective reviews and audits of governmental operations.
Under the provisions of Article VII, Section I, Paragraph 6 of the State Constitution and et seq., the Office of the State Auditor is required to conduct post-audits of all transactions and accounts kept by or for all departments, offices, and agencies of state government. Reports are submitted to the Legislature, the Governor, and the Executive Director of the Office of Legislative Services.
The Public Laws of 2006, Chapter 82 authorized the State Auditor to conduct a performance review of any program of any accounting agency, any independent authority, or any public entity or grantee that receives state funds. The law also requires the State Auditor to conduct a follow-up review to determine compliance with audit recommendations. In addition, at the request of the legislative leadership or the Legislative Services Commission, the State Auditor conducts studies on the operation of state and state-supported agencies with respect to their efficiency, internal management control, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Mission statement.
The State Auditor provides independent, unbiased, timely, and relevant information to the Legislature, agency management, and the citizens of New Jersey that can be used to improve the operations and accountability of public entities.
Accomplishments.
During calendar year 2022 the Office of the State Auditor identified $44.1 million in new cost savings and revenue enhancements. The schedule of cost savings and revenue enhancements is presented on page 2 of their 2022 Annual Report. Their compliance review on findings related to audit reports issued during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 disclosed that 82 percent of the recommendations have been complied with or management has taken steps to achieve compliance in the first year. For audits in their second year of follow-up review, compliance was at 87.8 percent. The State Auditor continued to share training opportunities with other state government accountants through audio conferences in various topics at no charge to the individual's employing agency.
The office performs the annual financial audit of the state's Annual Comprehensive Financial Report (ACFR). The ACFR engagement includes the audit of 207 funds and component units which had a full accrual accounting total asset value of $283.1 billion at June 30, 2022.
Types of Audits Performed.
"Financial Audits"
Financial audits are designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of an audited entity are fairly presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. The primary annual financial audit conducted by the office is the opinion on the state's Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) which is published by the Department of the Treasury. Two other financial audits were issued in calendar year 2014.
"Performance Audits"
The objectives of this type of audit are to determine whether financial transactions are related to an agency's programs, are reasonable, and are recorded properly in the accounting systems. This type of audit may also focus on specific performance issues. Where appropriate, these engagements may also provide economy and efficiency comments. Audits are selected using a risk-based approach. Larger departments are audited on a divisional, agency, or program basis rather than on a department-wide basis because of their size and complexity.
"Information Technology Audits"
The objectives of an information technology audit are to determine whether the data maintained by a particular computer system is reliable, valid, safeguarded, and recorded properly; whether agency networks are properly managed to provide for business continuity and the prevention of system abuse; and whether system development and maintenance is performed in accordance with guidelines and best practices.
The office has trained all audit staff on the basics of integrated auditing, where field auditors learn how to review IT controls applicable to the scope of their audit. If the system they are reviewing has more complex controls, an IT auditor can be consulted or the system itself can be assigned to the IT unit as a separate audit. This effort will allow for review of a greater number of IT controls.
"School District Audits"
N.J.S.A. 18A:7F-6d authorizes the Office of the State Auditor to audit the accounts and financial transactions of any school district in which the state aid equals 80 percent or more of its net budget for the year. In addition, in accordance with N.J.S.A. 18A:7A-57, the State Auditor is authorized to perform a forensic audit of school districts with a general fund deficit and meeting additional specific criteria as stated in the statute.
"Legislative Requests"
From time to time the Legislative Services Commission and Legislative Leadership requests the State Auditor to conduct special projects of the fiscal practices and procedures of the state and state-supported agencies, and to report findings to the Commission.
Current State Auditor.
David J. Kaschak (2021–present)

</doc>
<doc id="7022897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022897" title="Alpiarca">
Alpiarca



</doc>
<doc id="7022903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022903" title="Life in a Lens Museum of Photography &amp; Old Times">
Life in a Lens Museum of Photography &amp; Old Times

The Life in a Lens Museum of Photography and Old Times was a museum in Matlock Bath, Derbyshire, England. Opened in 2001, the museum was dedicated to presenting the history of photography from 1839 to around the beginning of the digital age (2001) until its closure between 2017 and 2018.
The museum was housed in five themed rooms in a renovated Victorian building, dating from 1861, on North Parade. There were over five hundred cameras on display and many more items, including mannequins dressed in period clothes, many authentic Victorian or Edwardian.

</doc>
<doc id="7022910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022910" title="Ferreira do Zezere">
Ferreira do Zezere



</doc>
<doc id="7022918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022918" title="Golega">
Golega



</doc>
<doc id="7022926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022926" title="Flash's Theme">
Flash's Theme



</doc>
<doc id="7022933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022933" title="Maçao">
Maçao



</doc>
<doc id="7022938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022938" title="Ploughmen's Front">
Ploughmen's Front

The Ploughmen's Front () was a Romanian left-wing agrarian-inspired political organisation of ploughmen, founded at Deva in 1933 and led by Petru Groza. At its peak in 1946, the Front had over 1 million members.
History.
Begun in Hunedoara County, it quickly spread into the Banat, and then into the other regions of Romania. Groza, who had been a minister in Alexandru Averescu's People's Party cabinet (1926), aimed to improve the situation of the peasantry (which he believed had been betrayed by the main agrarian group, the National Peasants' Party), calling for a social security program in the countryside and tax reform favourable to small holdings. The group was also republican in ambitions, probably from the moment it was created (before 1940, Groza was recorded to have said "my last king was Decebalus, after whose death I became a republican"). According to Corneliu Coposu, the Front was funded by the Red aid.
In 1935, the organisation aligned itself with the outlawed Romanian Communist Party (PCR), an agreement inspired by the Stalinist "Popular Front" doctrine and signed in Țebea (after negotiations overseen by Scarlat Callimachi).
During this period, the Ploughmen's Front never obtained more than 0.30% of the vote. Outlawed together with all parties in 1938, through a law passed by the authoritarian regime of King Carol II, it remained active in clandestinity during the dictatorial rule of Ion Antonescu (when Groza was detained in 1943–1944), and surfaced after its fall in 1944 and the start of Soviet ascendancy and influence ("see Romania during World War II").
In October of that year, it joined other the PCR-led National Democratic Front (FND), alongside the Union of Patriots, the Union of Hungarian Workers, the Socialist Peasants' Party, and the Romanian Social Democratic Party (the Ploughmen's Front absorbed the Socialist Peasants' Party one month later).
In February 1945, although represented inside the Nicolae Rădescu cabinet (as it had been in the Constantin Sănătescu one) it took part in violent incidents that led to its fall. Groza, who was first considered for high political office in late 1944, led the third cabinet after the fall of Antonescu (formed on March 6, 1945); while the government was maneuvered by the PCR, the Ploughmen's Front did hold the Ministry of Agriculture and Royal Domains, which was assigned to Romulus Zăroni, and that of Culture and Arts, which was assigned to Mihai Ralea. In late 1947, Stanciu Stoian became another one of the party's leading members to be presiding over a ministry — that of Religious Affairs; additionally, Octav Liveazeanu became head on the Information Ministry.
The party ran on a single platform with the PCR during the 1946 general election, which the Groza cabinet won through large-scale electoral fraud, and had PCR activists such as Constantin Agiu among its nominal members. It thus played an active part in the proceedings leading to the creation of Communist Romania.
At the time, PCR leaders began using Antonescu's 1943 crackdown on the Front as an instrument in intra-party fights: after General Secretary Gheorghiu-Dej had ordered his predecessor Ștefan Foriș to be abducted and held in secrecy, it was alleged that Foriș' collaborator Remus Koffler had functioned as an agent for the former secret service (Siguranța Statului), and that he had engineered Groza's arrest.
Nevertheless, relations between the Front and Communists were tested at times: after its first congress (July 1945), Groza's party called for the preservation of small, privately owned, agricultural plots and voluntary cooperative farming instead of the collectivization advocated by the PCR; in the period known as the "Royal strike" (beginning in the autumn of 1945 and marked by King Mihai I's refusal to sign his name to legislation advocated by the government), Groza, urged on by Zăroni and Mihail Ghelmegeanu, objected to Soviet pressures on the monarch and even threatened Vasile Luca that he would withdraw support for the PCR. Eventually, the Front gave in to Communist demands (as a politician whose career survived the group's demise, Groza continued to sporadically clash with the PCR).
In July 1947, the Front was joined by Nicolae D. Cornățeanu and other members of the defunct "National Union for Work and Reconstruction" (a small political grouping formed by Constantin Argetoianu), and, in 1948, it absorbed the National Peasants' Party–Alexandrescu (a splinter group of the National Peasants' Party).
The Ploughmen's Front ceased to exist when it dissolved itself in 1953. According to the 1991 testimony of former PCR leader Gheorghe Apostol, the latter action was instigated by the main party; he also indicated that, in retrospect, Gheorghiu-Dej had found such measures taken against pluralism to be regrettable ("Dej himself said: «What a stupid thing we have done! We could at least have allowed the Ploughmen's Front to exist!»).
Electoral history.
Legislative elections.
Notes:
1 
2 
3 

</doc>
<doc id="7022939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022939" title="Ali Dizaei">
Ali Dizaei

Jamshid Ali Dizaei (, transliteration: "Jamshīd ʿAlī Dizaī"; ) (born 1962) is a British-Iranian former police officer who was convicted of misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice in 2012. After starting his police career at Thames Valley Police in 1986, Dizaei joined the Metropolitan Police in 1999, rising through the ranks ultimately to the position of Commander in 2008.
Early life and education.
Dizaei was born in Tehran, Pahlavi Iran where his father was a deputy commissioner of police. He moved to the UK in 1973. He was educated at Slindon College, a private boarding school in Arundel, West Sussex. Dizaei studied law at university, gaining a BA (Hons) and LLM in Law from City University Londonand a diploma in policing from Cambridge University, later gaining a PhD from Brunel University.
Police career.
Early roles (1986-1999).
Dizaei joined Thames Valley Police in 1986. He served in Henley-on-Thames, in uniform and the Criminal Investigation Department, rising to the rank of Chief Inspector. He was appointed an adviser on race issues to the Home Secretary, and then transferred to the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) on promotion to Superintendent on 29 March 1999 as a staff officer to Assistant Commissioner Ian Johnston.
On 17 May 1999, he was transferred to Kensington police station and, on 3 April 2000, became Superintendent of Operations there. He was already outspoken on race issues, first coming to media attention in November 1999 to criticize questions asked in promotion exams.
Operation HELIOS (2000).
In 2000, Dizaei was investigated by force after allegations of taking bribes, using drugs and prostitutes, and spying for Iran. In 2004, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) described Operation Helios as having been "seriously flawed", and it was later described as a "total waste of taxpayers' money." Dizaei eventually faced a minor disciplinary action, having been cleared of all criminal charges. The MPS issued a public statement saying that Dizaei returned to work with his "integrity demonstrably intact".
In December 2006, it was public that during Operation Helios, the MPS had unlawfully tapped over 3,500 private calls made by Dizaei. The ruling was made by the Investigatory Powers Tribunal after referral by the NBPA.
In June 2007, Sir Ian Blair apologized for Operation Helios after the MPS and the NBPA agreed to resolve disputes arising out of Helios.
Racial discrimination claims (2003).
Dizaei brought his own claim for racial discrimination in the conduct of the investigations by the MPS. This was withdrawn after the MPS paid him £80,000 and reinstated him in October 2003.
"Not One of Us" book (2007).
In March 2007, Dizaei published "Not One of Us", an account of his police career and the Operation Helios investigation. Before publication, the MPS issued a statement noting that it "considers it a matter of regret that Chief Superintendent Dizaei has felt it necessary to write this book", and reiterating its support for the Helios team. Upon release the book was serialised on BBC Radio 4 and in "The Times".
In November 2007, Stephen Otter, then the Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall, successfully sued Dizaei and the publishers of his book ″Not One of Us″ for libel. The libel action centered on claims by Dizaei in his book that Mr. Otter had given false evidence as a prosecution witness during proceedings against Mr. Dizaei at an Old Bailey trial for perverting the course of justice - which resulted in his acquittal. At a hearing in the High Court of Justice, Dizaei, his co-author and book publisher, admitted that "there was no basis to suggest that Mr. Otter was not telling the truth" at the trial, and formally apologised to Otter in court. In addition to the apology, Dizaei, his co-author and publisher agreed to make a substantial donation to a charity of Otter's choice and to pay his legal costs.
Senior appointments and later career (2004-2008).
Dizaei was promoted to Chief Superintendent in May 2004 and became Borough Commander of Hounslow and later Borough Commander of Hammersmith and Fulham. In 2006, he was in the headlines again for criticizing the Forest Gate raid and passenger profiling on aircraft. The Police Federation has accused him of "blissful ignorance" for the latter.
In March 2008, and at the third attempt, Dizaei was promoted to Commander.
In 2008, Dizaei commenced Employment Tribunal proceedings against Catherine Crawford (the Chief Executive of the Metropolitan Police Authority), Sir Paul Stephenson and others, claiming that they had specifically targeted him for being an outspoken critic of their record on race and for Dizaei supporting Assistant Commissioner Tarique Ghaffur in his race discrimination claim against Paul Stephenson and Ian Blair.
On 12 September 2008, the MPS announced that Dizaei was the subject of a complaint alleging that he had improperly advised solicitors defending a woman accused of a fatal hit-and-run accident. Dizaei claimed that this was a malicious complaint by Lord MacKenzie to further his business interests. MacKenzie was rebuked by the Black Rod for using the House of Lords letterhead to make his complaint against Dizaei.
Allegations of credit card misuse (2008).
In September 2008, he was accused by the Metropolitan Police Authority of using his corporate credit card inappropriately and his conduct was investigated by the Chief Constable of Dorset and the IPCC. Dizaei maintained that the allegations were without foundation. On 20 November 2009, after a 14-month investigation, the IPCC found no evidence of dishonesty or impropriety. The IPCC-managed investigation revealed that Dizaei was owed £1,850, which was repaid to him by the Metropolitan Police Authority.
Daily Mail and Evening Standard defemation case (2009).
In September 2009, Dizaei won a High Court action against the "Daily Mail" and the "Evening Standard" over a defamatory article published in June 2008. The newspapers were forced to issue an apology and pay substantial costs and damages.
"News of the World" payment and apology (2009).
On 27 December 2009, Dizaei accepted a substantial payment and an apology from the "News of the World" for allegations arising from an investigation by Mazher Mahmood. The paper backed down and apologized in the face of legal action from Dizaei, after Mahmood claimed the officer "employed an illegal immigrant as his right-hand man and took him to the heart of the British establishment." The paper paid Ace Bakhtyari, who was subsequently jailed for having a fake passport and deported from the UK.
Trials and criminal conviction (2008-2012).
Yas Restaurant incident and initial conviction (2008-2010).
Dizaei was suspended again on 18 September 2008, after being investigated for various allegations, including an arrest he made on 18 July 2008 outside a west London restaurant. A 24-year-old web designer, Waad al-Baghdadi, claimed that Dizaei had not paid £600 for a website he had commissioned and when Baghdadi confronted him about this, a public quarrel ensued. Dizaei arrested Baghdadi, who later made a complaint which the IPCC investigated.
On 21 May 2009, the Crown Prosecution Service announced that Dizaei faced two criminal charges of misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice. The charges related to falsely arresting al-Baghdadi and for filing false accounts of the incident. A decision not to charge that individual was made by the CPS in August 2008. In a statement, the NBPA said: "It is outrageous that the CPS, for the second time in four years, has commenced a prosecution against the president of the National Black Police Association, Commander Ali Dizaei. This has not happened to any other senior police officer in the history of the MPS or the CPS." The matter duly came to trial in the Crown Court at Southwark in January 2010 before the Hon Mr Justice Simon. On 8 February 2010, Dizaei was found guilty on both counts, and jailed for four years.
On 22 June 2010, he was duly refused leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal, Criminal Division. He had sought to appeal against both conviction and sentence. The grounds of the proposed appeal were that al-Baghdadi had used a false name and nationality.
Successful appeal (2011).
On 16 May 2011, the Court of Appeal granted leave to appeal and allowed the appeal, quashing the convictions. Lord Justice Hughes, Vice-President of the Court of Appeal, said that the court "simply [did] not know whether this conviction is soundly based or not". He continued, "In those circumstances, we are driven to the conclusion that it cannot be regarded as safe." This was even though Waad Al Baghdadi was at this stage only suspected of benefit fraud. A re-trial was ordered and Dizaei was released with immediate effect.
Dizaei wished to clear his name and rejoin Scotland Yard as a Commander.
On 27 June 2011, the key witness in the quashed conviction of Dizaei, Waad Al-Baghdadi, was charged with benefit fraud (in excess of £27,000), which included false disability claims in the name of his deceased father.
On 3 July 2011, the "Sunday Times" reported an allegation that police pressured a young Muslim woman to withdraw her allegation of rape against Waad Al-Baghdadi. On 13 February 2012, Al-Baghdadi was arrested and bailed in relation to an alleged serious assault in September 2009 and an investigation was reopened into allegations that he raped a young Muslim woman in April and September 2010.
Temporary reinstatement (2011).
On Friday 1 October 2011, Dizaei was reinstated after a Police Appeals Tribunal meeting gave a unanimous decision in favor of his reinstatement as Commander of the Metropolitan Police. The MPA decided that Dizaei would still be suspended on full pay. Dizaei said that he would appeal that decision. He remained suspended until re-conviction in February 2012.
Retrial and reconviction (2012).
The retrial of Dizaei on corruption charges and perverting the course of justice began in the Crown Court at Southwark on 12 January 2012 before Mr. Justice Saunders. The prosecution claimed that his actions amounted to a wholesale abuse of power for his own personal and oblique reasons.
One prosecution witness, Waad Al Baghdadi, told the jury that he had recently been released from prison for claiming over £27,000 in the name of his dead father. He also admitted lying about his identity at the previous trial.
On 25 January 2012, the prosecution adduced medical evidence suggesting that Dizaei had faked physical injuries to make it look like he had been assaulted.
On 31 January 2012, Dizaei gave evidence relating his version of the events before, during and after the incident of 18 July 2008. He said that Mr Baghdadi's 'torrent of abuse' had frightened Mr Dizaei's wife and other bystanders. Dizaei said he had warned Mr Baghdadi and asked him to leave but arrested him due to his continued abuse and threatening behavior. In addition, Dizaei claimed that Baghdadi pushed him and poked him twice with the mouthpiece of a shisha pipe. Dizaei also said that Baghdadi is a 'dishonest liar'.
The trial continued and the jury retired to consider its verdict on 9 February 2012.
On 13 February 2012, Dizaei was again convicted of misconduct in public office and attempting to pervert the course of justice. The jury's verdict was unanimous. He was sentenced to three years imprisonment on each count. Since the time he had already served in prison as a result of his earlier conviction is to be taken into account against his sentence, he was expected to be released on license after about three months. However, he was released on license, wearing an electronic tag, in February 2012.
On 4 July 2012, Dizaei was granted leave to appeal for the second time. On 14 February 2013, this appeal was dismissed. The Lord Chief Justice said that 'the guilty verdict was fully justified' and that the conviction 'was and remains safe'.
On 5 April 2016, Waad Al Baghdadi admitted (whilst being interviewed by the BBC over his deportation) that "I knew that if I testified against Ali Dezai these things might come to light, but I chose to do the right thing". Going on, he said: "They [Metropolitan Police Service] used me. They held a gun against Ali Dizaei and I was the bullet" after he was told that he was going to be deported by the Home Office. He said British authorities knew he had lied about his past and was a benefit cheat – but were still happy to use him as the key witness to convict Dizaei. Al Baghadi has now been given leave to apply for asylum in Britain.
Phone hacking.
Between 2000 - 2001, Andy Hayman (former Assistant Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police) permitted Dizaei's telephone calls to be intercepted and transcribed as part of Operation Helios. In 2006, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ruled that 3,500 calls were 'unlawfully' intercepted. The Commissioner, Sir Ian Blair apologized. On 20 May 2011, Dizaei was informed that he may have been subject to phone hacking by the "News of the World".
Dizaei was the only police officer in the United Kingdom to have his phone hacked by the "News of the World". Dizaei was a serving Commander of the MPS when his phone was hacked.
During the Leveson Inquiry, Dick Fedorcio, the then director of public affairs at Scotland Yard, admitted to allowing "News of the World" journalist Lucy Panton to use his office and computer in Scotland Yard to write a critical story about Dizaei. The inquiry heard that Panton also used Fedorcio's email address to forward the story to the office. In the email, she said she could not delete the email and pointed out it "would not be helpful for people to know" she was using Fedorcio's computer.
Other police details.
In August 2008, he was presented with the Long Service and Good Conduct Medal by the Commissioner, Sir Ian Blair.
Dizaei was the President of the National Black Police Association from 2007 to 2009.
Articles about policing.
During his time in the police, Dizaei wrote articles for police journals and national newspapers, covering various policing topics.
Career after prison.
In 2014, Dizaei formed Covert Security Limited, an international investigations consultancy specializing in tracing and locating assets and individuals and carrying out cold-case reviews.
Personal life.
He married Natalie Downing in August 1986 in Reading, Berkshire with whom he has three sons. They divorced in 2005. He married his second wife, Shahameh in August 2007 in Ealing. They have one son.

</doc>
<doc id="7022940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022940" title="VMMT-204">
VMMT-204

Marine Medium Tiltrotor Training Squadron 204 (VMMT-204) is the MV-22 Osprey training squadron of the United States Marine Corps. Known as the "Raptors", the squadron was originally designated Marine Medium Helicopter Training Squadron 204 (HMT-204) to train new MV-22 pilots and was officially redesignated as VMMT-204 on 10 June 1999. They fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 26 (MAG-26) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Mission.
Provide training to Marine and Navy Osprey pilots, Marine crew chiefs and units in the use and maintenance of the MV-22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft.
History.
The unit was formed at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina, on 1 May 1972. Following the Vietnam War, Marine Helicopter Training Group 40 (MHTG-40) was deactivated and Marine Medium Helicopter Training Squadron-402 and Marine Heavy Helicopter Training Squadron-401 were combined to form HMT-204.
HMT-204 was originally a composite training squadron, tasked with training both CH-46 and CH-53 pilots. In January 1986, the commanding officer of HMT-204 accepted the first fleet model of the CH-46E Survivability, Reliability and Maintainability (SR&amp;M).
In June 1988, HMT-302 assumed responsibility for training all CH-53 pilots and the last CH-53 departed HMT-204. On 9 November 1988, HMT-204 was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation (MUC) for meritorious service in support of Fleet Marine Force (FMF) units during 1987. In October 1993, HMT-301 was deactivated and HMT-204 became the single site Fleet Readiness Squadron for the entire Marine Corps CH-46E community. As a result of this transition, HMT-204 earned the distinction of being the largest CH-46E squadron in the Marine Corps. Additionally, October 1993 saw the establishment of the Fleet Replacement Enlisted Skills Training (FREST) Program. HMT-204 FREST provides comprehensive technical training for officers and enlisted in the operation, maintenance and repair of the CH-46E aircraft and associated equipment.
In fulfilling its then primary mission of training all CH-46E pilots and crew chiefs, HMT-204 has trained over 1,800 CH-46E replacement aircrew (basic, refresher, modified refresher and conversion pilots), over 275 instructor pilots and over 450 crew chiefs.
Additionally, over 100 AV-8B pilots have completed the vertical flight familiarization syllabus, in the CH-46. In December 1995, HMT-204 broke new ground for training pilots and crew chiefs in night formation, night vision goggle operations, terrain flight, navigation and formalized aircrew coordination training.
Since being commissioned, HMT-204 amassed over 95,000 CH-46 class "A" mishap-free flight hours. In recognition of this significant achievement, the squadron has been the recipient of the Chief of Naval Operations Safety Award in fiscal years 1977, 1994, and 1997.
In February 1999, HMM(T)-164 was tasked to become the Marine Corps’ Fleet Replacement Squadron for the CH-46E.
VMMT-204 received in April 1999, from Raytheon Systems Company, a new motion-based operational flight trainer (OFT) to train Marine Corps and Air Force instructors to fly the Osprey. The OFT will provide the pilot with computer-generated horizontal and vertical visual scenes within a 24-foot dome. Both out-of-window visual scenes and forward-looking infrared imagery are made possible by the OFT's six-channel visual-display system. Its full range of motion also allows pilots to get "a real feel" of both acceleration and deceleration and gives them the opportunity to train in a broad spectrum of simulated environments.
In 1999, the squadron became Fleet Replacement Squadron for MV-22 "Osprey" tilt-rotor pilots and aircrew. The change of aircraft meant a change in designation, so HMT-204 was re-designated VMMT-204. On 12 March 2000 VMMT-204 accepted its first MV-22 Osprey. The squadron conducted MV-22 flight training until December 2000 when a fatal mishap caused USMC leadership to ground the Osprey for its three-year "return to flight period."
VMMT-204 resumed MV-22 flight operations in 2005 in support of the Marine Corps activation of deploying MV-22 squadrons. As of the end of 2007, VMMT-204 has trained over 150 MV-22 pilots for the first three Marine Corps MV-22 squadrons, and the first USAF CV-22 squadron.
VMMT-204 currently operates the block A and B versions of the MV-22 - the block A aircraft preceded the reliability upgrades designed into the block B version, getting delivered to warfighting squadrons first. Although the block A aircraft is less reliable and less logistically supported than the newer aircraft, VMMT-204 has been able to complete its training requirements. At various times in the squadron's history, up to 6 of the block A aircraft have been used a "parts birds" to support the remaining flyable aircraft. On 25 February 2009, the first Block A aircraft was inducted into the "A to B" mod line.

</doc>
<doc id="7022955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022955" title="Weasdale Beck">
Weasdale Beck

Weasdale Beck is a stream in Cumbria, England. It is in the "Lune - headwaters to confluence Birk Beck" catchment.
The Beck rises in Ravenstonedale and drains Leathgill Bridge on Randygill Top and Great Swindale, below Green Bell, flowing northwards to Wath, where, at its confluence with Sandwath Beck, Weasdale Beck forms the River Lune.

</doc>
<doc id="7022961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022961" title="Santiago do Cacem">
Santiago do Cacem



</doc>
<doc id="7022964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022964" title="Limerick poem type">
Limerick poem type



</doc>
<doc id="7022969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022969" title="Dominican Sisters of Hawthorne">
Dominican Sisters of Hawthorne

The Dominican Sisters of Hawthorne are a Roman Catholic congregation of religious sisters, who are a part of the Third Order of Saint Dominic. The Congregation was founded on December 8, 1900, by Rose Hawthorne Lathrop, a daughter of the famed novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne. They specialize in caring for those suffering from terminal cancer and have no financial resources.
History.
Early in life, Rose Hawthorne married George Parsons Lathrop, both of whom converted to Roman Catholicism in 1891. Rose had seemingly married well as a young woman, and they moved from her native Massachusetts to New York City and then to Connecticut after their marriage. Her husband soon turned out to be unreliable and difficult. Eventually she was driven in 1895 to seek permission from the Church to live apart from him, and this was granted.
Finding herself alone and with few financial resources, she began to seek some meaning to her life. She learned of the plight of the poor who were diagnosed with incurable cancer. At the time, this disease was believed by many to be highly contagious, so there was a deep fear of contact with those suffering from this affliction. Lathrop soon found a special vocation to this work.
In the fall of 1896, after having taken a three-month nursing course at New York's Cancer Hospital, Lathrop moved into a three-room cold-water flat on New York City's impoverished Lower East Side and began to nurse the poor with incurable cancer. In March 1898 Alice Huber, having responded to an article Lathrop had written about her work, joined her in this service. Shortly afterwards Rose's husband George died. As others came to join them, Lathrop was inspired to found a religious congregation. One of her early supporters was Josephine Lazarus, sister of the poet Emma Lazarus who had been Rose's friend until her death from cancer.
A new congregation.
The community became established as a congregation of Religious Sisters in 1900 and were given the Dominican habit. They termed themselves "the Servants of Relief for Incurable Cancer", and their purpose was to provide for the well-being of incurably ill and destitute cancer patients. Lathrop was elected as mother superior of the community and became known as Mother Mary Alphonsa.
The Sisters took only the most destitute, and provided them with all the care they needed, doing so without any form of compensation. In 1901 she established a nursing home in a small hamlet of Westchester County, some twenty miles north of New York City. Rosary Hill Home, as it was named, was formally opened to both male and female patients on June 5, 1901. Mother Mary Alphonsa lived at Rosary Hill for the rest of her life and rarely left, even declining an invitation from Harriett Lothrop to participate in a centennial celebration for her father at their former home The Wayside in Concord, Massachusetts.
The Sisters took a strict daily routine under Mother Mary Alphonsa, rising for prayers in the chapel at 4:30 in the morning before breakfast, then care for the sick and perform tasks like milking cows. The area around Rosary Hill later came to be called Hawthorne, New York, in honor of Lathrop's father.
The order founded a second home in 1912 at 71 Jackson Street in Manhattan. It was named St. Rose's Free Home for Incurable Cancer. Mother Alphonsa wanted a better environment for her charges than the bleak dirty streets of that part of Manhattan.
In 1930 the sisters opened the thirty-five bed skilled nursing facility, Sacred Heart Home in Philadelphia.
In 1939 the Dominicans opened Our Lady of Perpetual Help Home in Atlanta, Georgia.
In December 1941, the sisters opened Our Lady of Good Counsel Home in St. Paul, Minnesota. In 2009, the Sisters turned over operation of the home to the Franciscan Health Community, who continue to provide free care to those in need at end-of-life.
Present situation.
The order continues to refuse any payment from the patients or their families or from government funds from either Social Security or Medicare, nor do they accept money from private insurance.
By the end of the 20th century, like many other religious communities, the Dominican Sisters of Hawthorne were greatly reduced in numbers. In Fall 2002, the order closed the Rose Hawthorne Lathrop House in Fall River, Massachusetts. St. Rose's Home in Manhattan closed March 31, 2009. As of 2013 the order numbered fifty-three sisters. The Sisters continue to serve at Rosary Hill in New York and at homes in Philadelphia, and Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="7022971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022971" title="Merton's Thesis">
Merton's Thesis



</doc>
<doc id="7022973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022973" title="Melgaco">
Melgaco



</doc>
<doc id="7022979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022979" title="Bayesian inference in phylogeny">
Bayesian inference in phylogeny

Bayesian inference of phylogeny combines the information in the prior and in the data likelihood to create the so-called posterior probability of trees, which is the probability that the tree is correct given the data, the prior and the likelihood model. Bayesian inference was introduced into molecular phylogenetics in the 1990s by three independent groups: Bruce Rannala and Ziheng Yang in Berkeley, Bob Mau in Madison, and Shuying Li in University of Iowa, the last two being PhD students at the time. The approach has become very popular since the release of the MrBayes software in 2001, and is now one of the most popular methods in molecular phylogenetics.
Bayesian inference of phylogeny background and bases.
Bayesian inference refers to a probabilistic method developed by Reverend Thomas Bayes based on Bayes' theorem. Published posthumously in 1763 it was the first expression of inverse probability and the basis of Bayesian inference. Independently, unaware of Bayes' work, Pierre-Simon Laplace developed Bayes' theorem in 1774.
Bayesian inference or the inverse probability method was the standard approach in statistical thinking until the early 1900s before RA Fisher developed what's now known as the classical/frequentist/Fisherian inference. Computational difficulties and philosophical objections had prevented the widespread adoption of the Bayesian approach until the 1990s, when Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithms revolutionized Bayesian computation.
The Bayesian approach to phylogenetic reconstruction combines the prior probability of a tree P(A) with the likelihood of the data (B) to produce a posterior probability distribution on trees P(A|B). The posterior probability of a tree will be the probability that the tree is correct, given the prior, the data, and the correctness of the likelihood model.
MCMC methods can be described in three steps: first using a stochastic mechanism a new state for the Markov chain is proposed. Secondly, the probability of this new state to be correct is calculated. Thirdly, a new random variable (0,1) is proposed. If this new value is less than the acceptance probability the new state is accepted and the state of the chain is updated. This process is run thousands or millions of times. The number of times a single tree is visited during the course of the chain is an approximation of its posterior probability. Some of the most common algorithms used in MCMC methods include the Metropolis–Hastings algorithms, the Metropolis-Coupling MCMC (MC³) and the LOCAL algorithm of Larget and Simon.
Metropolis–Hastings algorithm.
One of the most common MCMC methods used is the Metropolis–Hastings algorithm, a modified version of the original Metropolis algorithm. It is a widely used method to sample randomly from complicated and multi-dimensional distribution probabilities. The Metropolis algorithm is described in the following steps:
The algorithm keeps running until it reaches an equilibrium distribution. It also assumes that the probability of proposing a new tree Tj when we are at the old tree state Ti, is the same probability of proposing Ti when we are at Tj. When this is not the case Hastings corrections are applied.
The aim of Metropolis-Hastings algorithm is to produce a collection of states with a determined distribution until the Markov process reaches a stationary distribution. The algorithm has two components:
Metropolis-coupled MCMC.
Metropolis-coupled MCMC algorithm (MC³) has been proposed to solve a practical concern of the Markov chain moving across peaks when the target distribution has multiple local peaks, separated by low valleys, are known to exist in the tree space. This is the case during heuristic tree search under maximum parsimony (MP), maximum likelihood (ML), and minimum evolution (ME) criteria, and the same can be expected for stochastic tree search using MCMC. This problem will result in samples not approximating correctly to the posterior density. The (MC³) improves the mixing of Markov chains in presence of multiple local peaks in the posterior density. It runs multiple (m) chains in parallel, each for n iterations and with different stationary distributions formula_1, formula_2, where the first one, formula_3 is the target density, while formula_4, formula_5 are chosen to improve mixing. For example, one can choose incremental heating of the form:
so that the first chain is the cold chain with the correct target density, while chains formula_7 are heated chains. Note that raising the density formula_8 to the power formula_9 with formula_10 has the effect of flattening out the distribution, similar to heating a metal. In such a distribution, it is easier to traverse between peaks (separated by valleys) than in the original distribution. After each iteration, a swap of states between two randomly chosen chains is proposed through a Metropolis-type step. Let formula_11 be the current state in chain formula_12, formula_2. A swap between the states of chains formula_14 and formula_12 is accepted with probability:
At the end of the run, output from only the cold chain is used, while those from the hot chains are discarded. Heuristically, the hot chains will visit the local peaks rather easily, and swapping states between chains will let the cold chain occasionally jump valleys, leading to better mixing. However, if formula_17 is unstable, proposed swaps will seldom be accepted. This is the reason for using several chains which differ only incrementally.
An obvious disadvantage of the algorithm is that formula_18 chains are run and only one chain is used for inference. For this reason, formula_19 is ideally suited for implementation on parallel machines, since each chain will in general require the same amount of computation per iteration.
LOCAL algorithm of Larget and Simon.
The LOCAL algorithms offers a computational advantage over previous methods and demonstrates that a Bayesian approach is able to assess uncertainty computationally practical in larger trees. The LOCAL algorithm is an improvement of the GLOBAL algorithm presented in Mau, Newton and Larget (1999) in which all branch lengths are changed in every cycle. The LOCAL algorithms modifies the tree by selecting an internal branch of the tree at random. The nodes at the ends of this branch are each connected to two other branches. One of each pair is chosen at random. Imagine taking these three selected edges and stringing them like a clothesline from left to right, where the direction (left/right) is also selected at random. The two endpoints of the first branch selected will have a sub-tree hanging like a piece of clothing strung to the line. The algorithm proceeds by multiplying the three selected branches by a common random amount, akin to stretching or shrinking the clothesline. Finally the leftmost of the two hanging sub-trees is disconnected and reattached to the clothesline at a location selected uniformly at random. This would be the candidate tree.
Suppose we began by selecting the internal branch with length formula_20 that separates taxa formula_21 and formula_22 from the rest. Suppose also that we have (randomly) selected branches with lengths formula_23 and formula_24 from each side, and that we oriented these branches. Let formula_25, be the current length of the clothesline. We select the new length to be formula_26, where formula_27 is a uniform random variable on formula_28. Then for the LOCAL algorithm, the acceptance probability can be computed to be:
Assessing convergence.
To estimate a branch length formula_30 of a 2-taxon tree under JC, in which formula_31 sites are unvaried and formula_32 are variable, assume exponential prior distribution with rate formula_33. The density is formula_34. The probabilities of the possible site patterns are:
for unvaried sites, and
Thus the unnormalized posterior distribution is:
or, alternately,
Update branch length by choosing new value uniformly at random from a window of half-width formula_39 centered at the current value:
where formula_41is uniformly distributed between formula_42 and formula_39. The acceptance
probability is:
Example: formula_45, formula_46. We will compare results for two values of formula_39, formula_48 and formula_49. In each case, we will begin with an initial length of formula_50 and update the length formula_51 times.
Maximum parsimony and maximum likelihood.
There are many approaches to reconstructing phylogenetic trees, each with advantages and disadvantages, and there is no straightforward answer to “what is the best method?”. Maximum parsimony (MP) and maximum likelihood (ML) are traditional methods widely used for the estimation of phylogenies and both use character information directly, as Bayesian methods do.
Maximum Parsimony recovers one or more optimal trees based on a matrix of discrete characters for a certain group of taxa and it does not require a model of evolutionary change. MP gives the most simple explanation for a given set of data, reconstructing a phylogenetic tree that includes as few changes across the sequences as possible. The support of the tree branches is represented by bootstrap percentage. For the same reason that it has been widely used, its simplicity, MP has also received criticism and has been pushed into the background by ML and Bayesian methods. MP presents several problems and limitations. As shown by Felsenstein (1978), MP might be statistically inconsistent, meaning that as more and more data (e.g. sequence length) is accumulated, results can converge on an incorrect tree and lead to long branch attraction, a phylogenetic phenomenon where taxa with long branches (numerous character state changes) tend to appear more closely related in the phylogeny than they really are. For morphological data, recent simulation studies suggest that parsimony may be less accurate than trees built using Bayesian approaches, potentially due to overprecision, although this has been disputed. Studies using novel simulation methods have demonstrated that differences between inference methods result from the search strategy and consensus method employed, rather than the optimization used.
As in maximum parsimony, maximum likelihood will evaluate alternative trees. However it considers the probability of each tree explaining the given data based on a model of evolution. In this case, the tree with the highest probability of explaining the data is chosen over the other ones. In other words, it compares how different trees predict the observed data. The introduction of a model of evolution in ML analyses presents an advantage over MP as the probability of nucleotide substitutions and rates of these substitutions are taken into account, explaining the phylogenetic relationships of taxa in a more realistic way. An important consideration of this method is the branch length, which parsimony ignores, with changes being more likely to happen along long branches than short ones. This approach might eliminate long branch attraction and explain the greater consistency of ML over MP. Although considered by many to be the best approach to inferring phylogenies from a theoretical point of view, ML is computationally intensive and it is almost impossible to explore all trees as there are too many. Bayesian inference also incorporates a model of evolution and the main advantages over MP and ML are that it is computationally more efficient than traditional methods, it quantifies and addresses the source of uncertainty and is able to incorporate complex models of evolution.
MrBayes software.
MrBayes is a free software tool that performs Bayesian inference of phylogeny. It was originally written by John P. Huelsenbeck and Frederik Ronquist in 2001. As Bayesian methods increased in popularity, MrBayes became one of the software of choice for many molecular phylogeneticists. It is offered for Macintosh, Windows, and UNIX operating systems and it has a command-line interface. The program uses the standard MCMC algorithm as well as the Metropolis coupled MCMC variant. MrBayes reads aligned matrices of sequences (DNA or amino acids) in the standard NEXUS format.
MrBayes uses MCMC to approximate the posterior probabilities of trees. The user can change assumptions of the substitution model, priors and the details of the MC³ analysis. It also allows the user to remove and add taxa and characters to the analysis. The program includes, among several nucleotide models, the most standard model of DNA substitution, the 4x4 also called JC69, which assumes that changes across nucleotides occur with equal probability. It also implements a number of 20x20 models of amino acid substitution, and codon models of DNA substitution. It offers different methods for relaxing the assumption of equal substitutions rates across nucleotide sites. MrBayes is also able to infer ancestral states accommodating uncertainty to the phylogenetic tree and model parameters.
MrBayes 3 was a completely reorganized and restructured version of the original MrBayes. The main novelty was the ability of the software to accommodate heterogeneity of data sets. This new framework allows the user to mix models and take advantages of the efficiency of Bayesian MCMC analysis when dealing with different type of data (e.g. protein, nucleotide, and morphological). It uses the Metropolis-Coupling MCMC by default.
MrBayes 3.2 was released in 2012. This version allows the users to run multiple analyses in parallel. It also provides faster likelihood calculations and allow these calculations to be delegated to graphics processing unites (GPUs). Version 3.2 provides wider outputs options compatible with FigTree and other tree viewers.
List of phylogenetics software.
This table includes some of the most common phylogenetic software used for inferring phylogenies under a Bayesian framework. Some of them do not use exclusively Bayesian methods.
Applications.
Bayesian Inference has extensively been used by molecular phylogeneticists for a wide number of applications. Some of these include: 

</doc>
<doc id="7022980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022980" title="Nigel mansell">
Nigel mansell



</doc>
<doc id="7022986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022986" title="Here's looking at you">
Here's looking at you



</doc>
<doc id="7022999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022999" title="Sandwath Beck">
Sandwath Beck

Sandwath Beck is a river running through Cumbria in England.
The beck rises beneath Green Bell in Ravenstonedale as Dale Gill, changing its designation to Greenside Beck when it passes the village of Greenside.
The stream turns west at Sandwath Beck, taking its name from the settlement, and picks up a number of rills as tributaries, before it reaches Wath, at which point it combines with Weasdale Beck to form the River Lune.

</doc>
<doc id="7023000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023000" title="Valenca">
Valenca



</doc>
<doc id="7023001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023001" title="1200 woai">
1200 woai



</doc>
<doc id="7023007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023007" title="List of Pashto singers">
List of Pashto singers

This is a list of Pashto-language singers.

</doc>
<doc id="7023008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023008" title="Bare Necessities (TV series)">
Bare Necessities (TV series)

Bare Necessities is a BBC Two television survival reality show produced by Pudding Productions, which ran for two series plus a pilot episode from 1999 to 2001.
Content.
Co-hosted by Ed Hall and former commando survival expert Hugh McManners, two teams of three were taken to spend one week in difficult conditions, to survive while eating unpleasant food and performing demanding tasks, being judged by McManners to decide the winner of a five-star hotel holiday.
The teams were made up of contestants with the same profession, including nurses and estate agents competing in the Mexican jungle, taxi drivers and hospital doctors on a remote beach in Crete, bank managers and vegetarian students in the Sahara, models and lawyers on a desert island in Phuket, or builders and IT specialists in the Azores.
The episodes included survival tips from McManners.

</doc>
<doc id="7023010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023010" title="Alijo">
Alijo



</doc>
<doc id="7023018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023018" title="Mesao Frio">
Mesao Frio



</doc>
<doc id="7023024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023024" title="Bare Necessities">
Bare Necessities

Bare Necessities or The Bare Necessities may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7023028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023028" title="Peso da Regua">
Peso da Regua



</doc>
<doc id="7023033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023033" title="Régua">
Régua



</doc>
<doc id="7023035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023035" title="Slyudyanka">
Slyudyanka

Slyudyanka () is a town and the administrative center of Slyudyansky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located at the southern tip of Lake Baikal, south of Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The town is a stop and major railroad junction for the Trans-Siberian Railway, and also serves as the starting point for the historic Circum-Baikal Railway.
Etymology.
The town takes its name from the Russian word for mica, reflecting the numerous mineral deposits in the area.
History.
Slyudyanka railway station and a settlement around it were established in 1905. Town status was granted to it in 1936.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Slyudyanka serves as the administrative center of Slyudyansky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Slyudyanka, together with two rural localities in Slyudyansky District, is incorporated within Slyudyansky Municipal District as Slyudyanskoye Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="7023038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023038" title="Plessisville, Québec">
Plessisville, Québec



</doc>
<doc id="7023042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023042" title="Regua">
Regua



</doc>
<doc id="7023043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023043" title="14th Street/Eighth Avenue station">
14th Street/Eighth Avenue station

The 14th Street/Eighth Avenue station is an underground New York City Subway station complex shared by the IND Eighth Avenue Line and the BMT Canarsie Line. Located at Eighth Avenue and 14th Street in Manhattan, the station is served by the A, E, and L trains at all times and the C train at all times except late nights.
The whole complex is ADA-compliant, with an accessible station entrance at 14th Street. This complex was renovated at the beginning of the 21st century. There are several MTA New York City Transit Authority training facilities located in the mezzanine. The station complex contains an artwork by Tom Otterness called "Life Underground", which features whimsical bronze sculptures, including a sewer alligator, scattered about the station.
History.
Construction and opening.
The Dual Contracts, which called for the expansion of the New York City Subway system, were formalized in early 1913. As part of the Dual Contracts, the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (later the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation, or BMT) was to construct a subway from 14th Street in Manhattan to Canarsie in Brooklyn; this became the BMT's Canarsie Line. Booth and Flinn was awarded the contract to construct the line on January 13, 1916. Clifford Milburn Holland served as the engineer-in-charge during the construction. The line opened in phases, reaching Sixth Avenue in 1924.
Meanwhile, New York City mayor John Francis Hylan's original plans for the Independent Subway System (IND), proposed in 1922, included building over of new lines and taking over nearly of existing lines. The lines were designed to compete with the existing underground, surface, and elevated lines operated by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) and BMT. On December 9, 1924, the New York City Board of Transportation (BOT) gave preliminary approval for the construction of the IND Eighth Avenue Line. This line consisted of a corridor connecting Inwood, Manhattan, to Downtown Brooklyn, running largely under Eighth Avenue but also paralleling Greenwich Avenue and Sixth Avenue in Lower Manhattan. The BOT announced a list of stations on the new line in February 1928, with an express station at 14th Street.
BMT station.
In the years after the Canarsie Line opened, it saw extremely high ridership, prompting the Central Mercantile Association and the 14th Street Association to request that the line be extended west to Eighth Avenue. In July 1927, New York City comptroller Charles W. Berry proposed extending the Canarsie Line to Eighth Avenue, and adding a transfer to the proposed IND station there, as part of a 16-point plan to reduce congestion in the New York City Subway system. Members of the 14th Street Association even proposed extending the line further west, under the Hudson River to New Jersey.
The Transit Commission notified the BMT in March 1928 that it had approved the extension of the Canarsie Line two blocks under 14th Street, from Sixth to Eighth Avenue; this would allow the line to connect with the new IND subway. By July 1928, the BOT was planning to award contracts for a two-block extension of the Canarsie Line. The same month, D. C. Serber submitted a low bid of $3.16 million. The extension was the final portion of the Canarsie Line that the BMT was required to build as part of the Dual Contracts. The BOT hoped that the extension would help relieve congestion at the Canal Street station in lower Manhattan. After the New York City Board of Estimate approved the extension in August 1928, local civic group 14th Street Merchants' Association wrote a letter to mayor Jimmy Walker, expressing its support for the extension. That September, the BOT awarded a $3.15 million contract for the construction of the extension.
During the extension's construction, in November 1929, a section of temporary sidewalk collapsed into an excavation for the subway tunnel, injuring four people. The BOT began soliciting bids for the station's finishes in June 1930. Construction was halted temporarily the same month when D. C. Serber, the contractor in charge of building the extension, found itself unable to pay a salary to 300 workers. D. C. Serber filed for bankruptcy in October 1930, and a receiver was appointed to complete the project. The Eighth Avenue station of the Canarsie Line opened on May 30, 1931, and was the last station to open on the line. Local civic groups believed the opening of the Canarsie Line extension would lead to increased business on 14th Street, which already carried more passengers than other major crosstown corridors in Manhattan.
IND station.
Most of the Eighth Avenue Line was dug using a cheap cut-and-cover method. At the 14th Street station, the Eighth Avenue Line passed above the under-construction Canarsie Line, and the Eighth Avenue Line station was designed to permit a possible future extension of the Canarsie Line. The finishes at the four stations between 14th and 42nd Street were 21 percent completed by May 1930. By that August, the BOT reported that the Eighth Avenue Line was nearly completed and that the four stations from 14th to 42nd Street were 99.8 percent completed. The entire line was completed by September 1931, except for the installation of turnstiles.
A preview event for the new subway was hosted on September 8, 1932, two days before the official opening. The 14th Street station opened on September 10, 1932, as part of the city-operated IND's initial segment, the Eighth Avenue Line between Chambers Street and 207th Street. There was a direct connection with the BMT station at 14th Street and Eighth Avenue. The 14th Street station was the only stop on the Eighth Avenue Line that provided a free transfer to another subway line, the Canarsie Line, from the outset. The "New York Herald Tribune" described the 14th Street station as one of three "showplaces" on the new IND line, the others being the 59th Street and 42nd Street stations.
The construction of the Eighth Avenue Line caused real-estate values along Eighth Avenue to increase by as much as 400 percent. The IND and BMT station at the intersection of Eighth Avenue and 14th Street, in particular, had spurred the growth of business around that intersection, including the construction of a building for the New York County Trust Company on the northeastern corner. Companies and agencies such as the New York Central Railroad and the Port of New York Authority were relocating to the area, which according to the "New York Herald Tribune" had previously been an area "of a mixed residential and business character and of ancient and obsolete structural condition".
Later years.
1990s renovation.
In April 1993, the New York State Legislature agreed to give the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) $9.6 billion for capital improvements. Some of the funds would be used to renovate nearly one hundred New York City Subway stations, including both stations in the 14th Street/Eighth Avenue complex. On August 24, 1993, the contract for the project's design was awarded for $994,079. In May 1994, a supplemental agreement worth $203,435 was reached to allow the consultant to design the New York City Transit training facility to be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. As part of the project's design, multiple options were considered to improve the station, including the construction of a free transfer zone between the Eighth Avenue and Canarsie Lines. As part of the supplemental agreement, the consultant, Day and Zimmermann International Inc., was directed to design it.
Citing security concerns, the MTA proposed closing an entrance at 15th Street as part of the renovation, but this prompted complaints from local residents. For the same reason, the MTA closed two staircases at Eighth Avenue and 17th Street in 1995. To compensate for the removal of the 17th Street staircases, the MTA proposed adding three stairways at Eighth Avenue and 16th Street. The original plans called for two staircases at the northeast corner of the intersection, but the MTA decided to add only one staircase there after receiving objections from the owners of a building at that corner. Community members also advocated for the closure of an exit-only staircase at Eighth Avenue and 15th Street, citing concerns about crime and drug use.
The project was originally supposed to cost $34.3 million and be completed by June 1998. By 1999, the project was running two years behind schedule. A reporter for the "New York Daily News" wrote in June 1999: "The station recently featured hanging wires, closed passageways, a blasting jackhammer, areas blocked by plastic fencing and plywood walls." The MTA attributed the delays to the discovery of structural flaws and poor design work.
Service history.
When the 14th Street station on the IND Eighth Avenue Line opened, the station was served by express (A) and local (AA) trains between Chambers and 207th Street. After the IND Concourse Line opened on July 1, 1933, the C express and CC local trains started serving the station, running via the Concourse Line, while the AA was discontinued. The E began using the local tracks on August 19, 1933, when the IND Queens Boulevard Line opened. IND service at the station was again modified in 1940, when AA service was resumed. During that time, the CC local train and the C express train ran only during rush hours. In 1985, the AA was relabeled the K; the K train was discontinued in 1988.
The Eighth Avenue station on the BMT Canarsie Line has served trains to Canarsie ever since the station's opening. Trains between Eighth Avenue and Canarsie were numbered 16 until the 1960s, when it became the LL; it was again relabeled in 1985 as the L. Starting on September 23, 1936, express trains ran from Eighth Avenue to Lefferts Boulevard in Queens. This service, numbered 17, was discontinued in 1956.
Incidents.
On April 18, 2004, an L train collided with the bumper block after the operator suffered a possible seizure.
On September 20, 2020, a northbound A train derailed at the IND station when a homeless man clamped wooden planks onto the roadbed, causing the train to derail. Three passengers were injured.
Station layout.
The 14th Street/Eighth Avenue station consists of 14th Street, an express station on the Eighth Avenue Line, and Eighth Avenue, a terminal station on the Canarsie Line. The two stations are perpendicular to each other, with the Eighth Avenue Line above the Canarsie Line. The 14th Street station on the Eighth Avenue Line runs north–south and consists of a mezzanine and two island platforms. The Eighth Avenue station on the Canarsie Line runs west–east and consists of one island platform.
Artwork.
The artwork in this station, "Life Underground", was designed by Tom Otterness, and was installed in 2001. It features whimsical bronze sculptures, including a sewer alligator, scattered about the station. Otterness had originally been contracted to sculpt 20 bronze figures, which were to have been installed in 1998. During the late 1990s, some of the individual pieces were put on public display at Grand Army Plaza and in Battery Park City. Approximately 25 of the pieces were finally installed at the end of 2000, with the other 30 sculptures installed by 2003. The entire project took 10 years from commissioning to the final completion of the installation.
From 1989 to 1995, an artwork by Ross Lewis could be found in the station. It is called "Parallel Motion," and it shows images of moving bodies in the mezzanine drawn by brushstrokes using Chinese calligraphy. It is now situated in the lobby of Public School 89 in Battery Park City.
Exits.
The entrances of the station complex are located at the intersections of Eighth Avenue and 14th, 15th, and 16th Streets. The northernmost one has an unstaffed bank of turnstiles, two staircases going up to the northwest corner of 16th Street and Eighth Avenue, and one going up to each eastern side of the intersection. A passageway leads to the front entrance of 111 Eighth Avenue (the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey building now occupied by Google) at the southwest corner. A sign on the sidewalk outside the building indicates that an entrance to the station is available inside of the building. On either side, at the center of the mezzanine, a set of full-height turnstiles lead to staircases going up to either northern corner of 15th Street and Eighth Avenue.
The full-time fare control area is at the south end of the mezzanine. On the east side is the transfer passageway between the platforms containing a ramp, staircase, and elevator. A set of full-height turnstiles leads to a staircase going up to the northeast corner of 14th Street and 8th Avenue. The full-time turnstile bank has a token booth, two staircases to the southeast corner, two staircases to the southwest corner (outside the New York County National Bank Building), and one staircase and elevator to the northwest corner (outside the New York Savings Bank Building). There is a direct entrance/exit to the BMT platforms at one bank of turnstiles here. This area also provides access to a signal training school for New York City Transit employees.
There was a fourth set of entrances located at the intersection of Eighth Avenue and 17th Street which have since been closed.
IND Eighth Avenue Line platforms.
The 14th Street station is an express station on the IND Eighth Avenue Line that has four tracks and two island platforms. The station is served by the A and E trains at all times, as well as the C train at all times except late nights. The C and E trains use the local tracks; the A train uses the express tracks during the daytime and the local tracks at night. It is the southernmost Eighth Avenue Line station that is under Eighth Avenue itself. South of here, the line curves east to Sixth Avenue via Greenwich Avenue.
The walls of the station contain yellow tile bands with darker yellow borders. Since 14th Street is an express station, it originally had a wider tile band than local stations. The tile colors are intended to help riders identify their station more easily, part of a color-coded tile system for the entire Independent Subway System. The tile colors were designed to facilitate navigation for travelers going away from Lower Manhattan; on the Eighth Avenue Line, the tiles change color at the next express station to the north. As such, the yellow tiles used at the 14th Street station were also used on 23rd Street, the local station to the north; the next express station, 34th Street–Penn Station, used a different tile color. "14th" is written in black on the white tiles below the trim line. The original 1931 trim line was a three-tile, high, deep yellow-orange set without a border.
Both platforms have yellow I-beam-columns running along the center of the platform. There are many staircases and one elevator per platform leading up to the full-length mezzanine above, which has a trim line, name tablets, and columns that are held in the same style as the platform below.
BMT Canarsie Line platform.
The Eighth Avenue station is the western (railroad north) terminal of the BMT Canarsie Line and has two tracks and one island platform. The station is served by the L train at all times.
Eighth Avenue uses a single island platform with two tracks. The platform is approximately long and can fit nine cars. Fixed platform barriers, which are intended to prevent commuters falling to the tracks, are positioned near the platform edges. The tracks end at bumper blocks just past the west end of the platform. There are double crossovers east of the Eighth Avenue station, allowing terminating trains to access either track. Until automated train operation was implemented on the Canarsie Line in the 2010s, the switches were several hundred feet away from the end of the platform, and westbound trains were forced to enter the station extremely slowly.
The station was originally decorated in a more IND style than the rest of the Canarsie Line, which was built by the BMT. The original tile band was a two-tone ultramarine blue with "8th Av" captions. However, a 1999 renovation subsequently removed the IND style and replaced it with the BMT quilt-like tile pattern that exists on all other subway stations on the BMT Canarsie Line. The current tile color scheme is white with red stripes and mosaics held in beige and tan, with a pattern of red, yellow, green, and off-white in the center. To signify the station's location, there are small "8" decorations set in teal-green hexagons, as found in other stations on the line.

</doc>
<doc id="7023046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023046" title="Santa Marta de Penaguiao">
Santa Marta de Penaguiao



</doc>
<doc id="7023047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023047" title="Bexley Hall seminary">
Bexley Hall seminary



</doc>
<doc id="7023050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023050" title="Sailor Moon Musicals">
Sailor Moon Musicals



</doc>
<doc id="7023055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023055" title="Cinfaes">
Cinfaes



</doc>
<doc id="7023059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023059" title="Satluj River">
Satluj River



</doc>
<doc id="7023060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023060" title="Mortagua">
Mortagua



</doc>
<doc id="7023062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023062" title="Golu (festival)">
Golu (festival)

Golu is the festive display of dolls and figurines in South India during the autumn festive season, particularly around the multiday Navaratri (Dussehra, Dasara) festival of Hinduism. These displays are typically thematic, narrating a legend from a Hindu text to court life, weddings, everyday scenes, and miniature kitchen utensils. They are also known as Golu, Gombe Habba, Bommai golu, or Bommala Koluvu.
Each displayed item in a golu display is sometimes called a golu doll or equivalent. These are typically made by rural artisans from clay and wooden materials then brightly painted. They are generally arranged in an odd number of "padis" (tiers or steps) to tell a story. Goddess-related themes are common, along with developments such as anticipated wedding within the family and of friends. During the golu display season, families and neighbors visit each other with gifts to view and chit-chat over the golu display, share festive foods, and sometimes play music or sing devotional songs together. Major Hindu temples such as the Meenakshi Temple in Madurai, arrange elaborate golu displays each year for Navaratri.
Etymology.
Bommai golu in Tamil means doll decoration. Bommala Koluvu in Telugu means court of toys and Gombe Habba means doll festival in Kannada. It is a part of the annual Dasara-Vijayadasami Hindu festival where young girls and women display dolls, figurine, court life, everyday scenes along with the divine presence of the goddesses Saraswati, Parvati and Lakshmi in the Tamil, Kannada, and Telugu households during Navaratri, the nine nights.
Description.
On the first day of Navaratri, following Ganapati puja, a welcoming ritual is performed for goddesses Saraswati, Durga, and Lakshmi by a Hindu ritual called "Kalasa Aavahanam" which is performed by an elderly male or female of the family at an auspicious time ("muhurtam"). This is then followed by building a rack of odd-numbered shelves of "golu" (or "Padi") (usually 3, 5, 7, 9, or 11), set up using wooden planks. After the steps have been covered with fabric it is then adorned with various dolls, figurines and toys according to their size, with the deities at the top.
The dolls are predominantly displayed with depictions from Hindu mythological texts, court life, royal procession, ratha yatra, weddings, baby showers, everyday scenes, miniature kitchen utensils, anything a little girl would have played with. It is a traditional practice to have wooden figurines of the bride and groom together, called 'Marapacchi Bommai' or 'Pattada Gombe', usually made of sandalwood, teak or rosewood or dried coconut and decorated with new clothes each year before being displayed on the golu. In southern India, bride is presented with 'Marapacchi Bommai' during the wedding by her parents as part of wedding trousseau to initiate the yearly tradition of 'Navaratri golu' in her new home with her husband. These dolls come as couples dressed in their wedding attire, depicting husband and wife symbolizing prosperity and fertility and the start of the bride's golu collection. Display figurines are passed on from one generation to another as heirloom, and are often several generations old. In the old Kingdom of Mysore, 'Pattada Gombe' is also believed to be a tribute to the kings of the Wodeyar dynasty who ruled of the region for around 600 years.
In the evenings, women within the neighborhood invite each other to visit their homes to view the golu displays; they also exchange gifts and sweets. A "Kuthuvilakku" lamp is lit, in the middle of a decorated rangoli, while devotional hymns and shlokas are chanted. After performing the puja, the food items that have been prepared are offered to the Goddess and then to the guests. The first 3 days of the festival are dedicated to Durga, then the next 3 days dedicated to Lakshmi and finally, the last 3 days are dedicated to Saraswati.
On the 9th day, Saraswati Puja, special pujas are offered to goddess Saraswati. Books and musical instruments are placed in the puja and worshipped as a source of knowledge.
The 10th day, Vijayadashami, is regarded by some to be the most auspicious day of all. It was the day Hindus believe the asura Mahishasura was finally destroyed by Durga. It is regarded to mark a new and prosperous beginning. Later, on the evening of Vijayadashami, one of the doll from the display is symbolically put to sleep, and the Kalasha is moved a bit towards North to mark the end of that year's Navaratri golu display. Prayers are offered to thank deities for the successful completion of that year's Navaratri festival and with hope of a successful one the next year. Then the steps are dismantled and the dolls are packed up for the next year.
History.
The practice of golu appeared in current day Karnataka, where it is closely associated with the royal Navaratri celebrations under the Vijayanagara monarchy, during which the golu likely appeared, then the Nayakas and Polygars states, who spread it in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. The Navaratri, then called "Mahanavami", were state celebrations during which royalty, through numerous secular and religious rituals, renewed its alliances with its vassals, established its prestige among its subjects and beyond borders, and legitimized the exercise of its power. It is these very opulent celebrations that influenced the practice of golu in the households of the southern Deccan, where the ordering of society is reproduced, like the ordering of dignitaries and spectators at the Durbar (see the "Mahanavami Dibba" at Hampi).
In some parts of Andhra Pradesh, there is a still followed tradition of displaying a golu also during the celebrations of Makara Sankranti (in January), which takes the name (సంక్రాంతి బొమ్మల కొలువు) in Telugu. This custom is explained by the fact that Navaratri is a period which occurs four times during the year, one per season, including the Magha Gupta Navaratri (or Winter Navaratri). In present-day Tamil Nadu, there is also a rare tradition of installing the golu at Gokulashtami among the Khedawals. A small community of Gujarati Brahmins who migrated to the region from the 18th century, and adopted local cultural aspects.
Bommala koluvu has become an element of South Indian ethos, especially of the heir states of the Vijayanagara and Nayak era (Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh). The association of Navaratri with the celebration of kingship and power during the Vijayanagara period, resulted in many festivities which are still perpetuated. These related celebrations include the Dasara of Mysore or the Navaratri of Ramnad.
Tamil Nadu.
In Tamil Nadu, the exhibition of golu is an attested practice at the court of the kings of Tanjore and Pudukkottai. The Tanjore Palace golu is said to have featured figurines representing up to 18 different castes or social groups. 
However, it was not until the end of the 19th century that golu spread among the commoner population far from the royal courts and their influence. This diffusion occurred independently of these royal courts and regions, from the Madrasian bourgeoisie of upper castes (Chettiars, Iyers, Iyengars, etc.) background, who probably adopted this practice from the Canarese and Telugu communities of the city. As a result, golu has long been associated with the affluent high and upper middle classes people of urban and upper castes. A socio-cultural marker wrongly presented as exclusive to Tamil Brahmins (a certain number of whose households do not have this practice, which is told to be "absent from their habits"), but real when about the Hindu bourgeoisie of 20th century Madras (composed with a significant proportion of Brahmins). Since then, golu has experienced a continuous and even wider diffusion, particularly in line with logic of social mobility among the urban middle and working classes. Many major temples in the state organize exhibitions of golus, and many public places and communities now install them. However, golu is still far from being a systematic feature in Tamil Nadu households, with the practice yet to become a part of the habits of many, and more common in some communities households. A socio-cultural characteristic of golu practice which is not found in Karnataka.
With its modern reintroduction in a context far removed from the monarchy, the practice of Golu took on a purely religious dimension in Tamil Nadu, where Koluvu has no apparent links with royalty, and is rather a miniature reproduction of the world, of the totality, and its consecration to the Devi, from whom protection is sought.
The votive practice of golu among the Hindus of Tamil Nadu is also noteworthy. Many people, who sometimes don't install a golu at home, offer particular figurines or entire sets of golu to temples as ex-voto offerings. These votive figurines are also installed in domestic golus, following prayers fulfillment.
Significance.
Golu also has a significant connection with the agricultural and handicrafts professions in India. Besides the economic aspect of the festival, it is an important occasion for socializing. During this season relatives and friends in south India make it a point to visit each other's homes. This is also a very important occasion that promotes creative expression for women and for the family to work together on an aesthetic aspect. These days, the golu dolls are made from either clay or paper mache, with the latter being light in weight. Some dolls also depict various freedom fighters of the Indian Independence Movement and characters like Spider-Man and Superman considering the need to cater to the younger audience. Some people use collapsible steps, which are easy to install.
In relation to the practice of Golu at the Court of Tanjore, there was a royal patronage of arts and crafts, including pottery and clay work, which notably enabled the creation of Tanjore dolls (the best known is the Tanjorean nautch or dancer lady with bobbling head), which appeared under the reign of Serfoji II and are today commonly exhibited in golus. Beyond Thanjavur, the practice of Bommala koluvu has contributed to the creation or preservation of many other forms of traditional and ancient crafts, such as woodworking in Kondapalli (Kondapalli toys, known peculiarly for its Dasavatara series) and Tirupati (Tirupati toys) in Andhra Pradesh or Channapatna (Channapatna toys) in Karnataka, which are three other localities known for their equally sought-after craftsmanship of wooden figurines and toys to decorate doll courts. It has also been an excellent outlet for many communities of artisans in southern India, who had more difficulty making a living from their expertise, which was less sought after in an industrialised society. Such as in Vilacheri, on the outskirt of Madurai in Southern Tamil Nadu, where local potters, who notably made terracotta horses ("puravi") for the worship of Ayyanar, retrained in making koluvu figurines around the 1960s, and have since been recognized in their new field of work. Panruti, in Northern Tamil Nadu, is also an other area renowned for its golu dolls crafting.
In Tamil Nadu, the growth of the practice of Golu also accompanied that of the Nativity scene. Like the Golu, the practice of the Christmas Crib was for a long time limited to the wealthy social strata of South Indian Christians (especially the Catholics) and to the churches. With urbanisation and the spread of cultural practices and consumption patterns hitherto restricted to the affluent social classes, demand for Christmas crib figures has risen sharply. This demand is also satisfied by the craftsmen who make Golu figurines.

</doc>
<doc id="7023066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023066" title="Annie Rebekah Smith">
Annie Rebekah Smith



</doc>
<doc id="7023069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023069" title="Santa Comba Dao">
Santa Comba Dao



</doc>
<doc id="7023076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023076" title="Wild Cherry (album)">
Wild Cherry (album)

Wild Cherry is the debut studio album by Wild Cherry, released in 1976. The album includes the group's only major single success, "Play That Funky Music".
Track listing.
Song credits and lengths taken from original LP sticker. All songs written by Rob Parissi, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7023077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023077" title="Robert Åhman Persson">
Robert Åhman Persson

Robert Åhman Persson (born 26 March 1987) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Career.
Born in Uppsala, Robert Åhman Persson, a centre back, left back and central midfielder, was with Bälinge from childhood in 1991 until the age of 16 in 2003. He spent three years (2004–07) with AIK (including a 2006 loan to Väsby United), then moved to Viborg for a year and, subsequently, to Malmö FF from 2008 to 2010. He was a part of the team that won the championship, although he only belonged to the team for the half season. In the summer of 2010 he returned to AIK.
In the autumn 2013 it was official that AIK would not offer him a new contract. Later he was attached by newly promoted Örebro SK on a free transfer.
He moved to Belenenses in January 2017, but returned to his native country in June 2018 after playing 24 games in the Primeira Liga, signing a long term-deal with IK Sirius from his birth city Uppsala.
He announced his retirement from professional football on 20 May 2020, following a knee injury.
Honours.
Malmö FF

</doc>
<doc id="7023082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023082" title="Selamlık">
Selamlık

The Selamlik, Selamluk or Sélamlique (, ) was the portion of an Ottoman palace or house reserved for men. It was also the portion of the household where guests might be received and entertained, similar to the "andron" or "andronites" (courtyard of men) in ancient Greece. This function gave the area its name from the root word "selam" ("greeting"). By contrast, the haremlik or women's quarters, similar to the ancient Greek gynaeceum, were reserved only for the family.

</doc>
<doc id="7023084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023084" title="Sao Joao da Pesqueira">
Sao Joao da Pesqueira



</doc>
<doc id="7023087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023087" title="Mégumi Eto">
Mégumi Eto



</doc>
<doc id="7023092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023092" title="Chernoble">
Chernoble



</doc>
<doc id="7023093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023093" title="Eto Mégumi">
Eto Mégumi



</doc>
<doc id="7023094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023094" title="Sao Pedro do Sul">
Sao Pedro do Sul



</doc>
<doc id="7023098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023098" title="ER oxidoreductin">
ER oxidoreductin

ER oxidoreductin 1 (Ero1) is an oxidoreductase enzyme that catalyses the formation and isomerization of protein disulfide bonds in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) of eukaryotes. ER Oxidoreductin 1 (Ero1) is a conserved, luminal, glycoprotein that is tightly associated with the ER membrane, and is essential for the oxidation of protein dithiols. Since disulfide bond formation is an oxidative process, the major pathway of its catalysis has evolved to utilise oxidoreductases, which become reduced during the thiol-disulfide exchange reactions that oxidise the cysteine thiol groups of nascent polypeptides. Ero1 is required for the introduction of oxidising equivalents into the ER and their direct transfer to protein disulfide isomerase (PDI), thereby ensuring the correct folding and assembly of proteins that contain disulfide bonds in their native state.
Ero1 exists in two isoforms: Ero1-α and Ero1-β. Ero1-α is mainly induced by hypoxia (HIF-1), whereas Ero1-β is mainly induced by the unfolded protein response (UPR).
During endoplasmic reticulum stress (such as occurs in beta cells of the pancreas or in macrophages causing atherosclerosis), CHOP can induce activation of Ero1, causing calcium release from the endoplasmic reticulum into the cytoplasm, resulting in apoptosis.
Homologues of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae Ero1 proteins have been found in all eukaryotic organisms examined, and contain seven cysteine residues that are absolutely conserved, including three that form the sequence Cys–X–X–Cys–X–X–Cys (where X can be any residue).
The mechanism of thiol–disulfide exchange between oxidoreductases.
The mechanism of thiol–disulfide exchange between oxidoreductases is understood to begin with the nucleophilic attack on the sulfur atoms of a disulfide bond in the oxidised partner, by a thiolate anion derived from a reactive cysteine in a reduced partner. This generates mixed disulfide intermediates, and is followed by a second, this time intramolecular, nucleophilic attack by the remaining thiolate anion in the formerly reduced partner, to liberate both oxidoreductases. The balance of evidence discussed thus far supports a model in which oxidising equivalents are sequentially transferred from Ero1 via a thiol–disulfide exchange reaction to PDI, with PDI then undergoing a thiol–disulfide exchange with the nascent polypeptide, thereby enabling the formation of disulfide bonds within the nascent polypeptide.

</doc>
<doc id="7023100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023100" title="Alexandrus">
Alexandrus



</doc>
<doc id="7023101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023101" title="Satao">
Satao



</doc>
<doc id="7023105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023105" title="Rat (Pearls Before Swine)">
Rat (Pearls Before Swine)



</doc>
<doc id="7023108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023108" title="Tabuaco">
Tabuaco



</doc>
<doc id="7023112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023112" title="Harpenden and Hemel Hempstead Railway">
Harpenden and Hemel Hempstead Railway



</doc>
<doc id="7023119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023119" title="Sao Roque do Pico">
Sao Roque do Pico



</doc>
<doc id="7023122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023122" title="Vila da Praia da Vitoria">
Vila da Praia da Vitoria



</doc>
<doc id="7023131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023131" title="Ann Dore McLaughlin">
Ann Dore McLaughlin



</doc>
<doc id="7023138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023138" title="Les Agettes">
Les Agettes

Les Agettes is a former municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. The municipality of Les Agettes merged on 1 January 2017 into Sion.
History.
Les Agettes is first mentioned in 1190 as "Agietes".
Geography.
Les Agettes had an area, , of . Of this area, or 20.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 67.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 10.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 1.0% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 6.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.5%. Out of the forested land, 61.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 6.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.0% is used for growing crops and 11.4% is pastures and 7.7% is used for alpine pastures.
The former municipality was located in the Hérens district, on the slopes south of Sion and above the Rhone valley. It is composed of three small villages: Crête-à-l'Œil, La Vernaz, and Les Agettes, which range in altitude between as well as scattered alpine pastures and the vacation resort of Mayens de l'Ours (built in 1982).
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale Argent a Crosier issuant and a Sword inverted in saltire in chief a Mullet of Five all Gules and Azure a Tower Argent masoned, windowed and doored Sable, overall a base Vert."
Demographics.
Les Agettes had a population () of 347. , 10.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 28.1%. It has changed at a rate of 24.1% due to migration and at a rate of 4.4% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks French (257 or 95.2%) as their first language, German is the second most common (8 or 3.0%) and Italian is the third (3 or 1.1%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. The population was made up of 155 Swiss men (44.8% of the population) and 16 (4.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 149 Swiss women (43.1%) and 26 (7.5%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 104 or about 38.5% were born in Les Agettes and lived there in 2000. There were 82 or 30.4% who were born in the same canton, while 51 or 18.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 26 or 9.6% were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 25.2% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 56.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 18.1%.
, there were 103 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 139 married individuals, 20 widows or widowers and 8 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 112 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. There were 39 households that consist of only one person and 10 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 116 households that answered this question, 33.6% were households made up of just one person and there was 1 adult who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 32 married couples without children, 33 married couples with children There were 6 single parents with a child or children. There was 1 household that was made up of unrelated people and 4 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 239 single family homes (or 78.6% of the total) out of a total of 304 inhabited buildings. There were 37 multi-family buildings (12.2%), along with 21 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (6.9%) and 7 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (2.3%).
, a total of 105 apartments (25.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 268 apartments (66.2%) were seasonally occupied and 32 apartments (7.9%) were empty. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.47%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 43.54% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (21.11%), the SVP (15.36%) and the FDP (6.69%). In the federal election, a total of 159 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 65.7%.
Economy.
, Les Agettes had an unemployment rate of 6.7%. , there were 14 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. 4 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector. 11 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 5 businesses in this sector. There were 136 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.4% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 18. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 6, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 4 of which 2 or (50.0%) were in manufacturing and 2 (50.0%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 8. In the tertiary sector; 2 or 25.0% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 1 was in a hotel or restaurant, 4 or 50.0% were in education.
, there were 9 workers who commuted into the municipality and 118 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 13.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 11.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 78.7% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 231 or 85.6% were Roman Catholic, while 9 or 3.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there was 1 member of an Orthodox church. 16 (or about 5.93% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 13 individuals (or about 4.81% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Les Agettes about 101 or (37.4%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 38 or (14.1%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 38 who completed tertiary schooling, 60.5% were Swiss men, 23.7% were Swiss women.
, there were 23 students from Les Agettes who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="7023140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023140" title="Camara de Lobos">
Camara de Lobos



</doc>
<doc id="7023157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023157" title="Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës">
Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës

Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës (; initialism: UAMD), also Aleksandër Moisiu University or University of Durrës, is the newest public academic institution of the Republic of Albania. The University is located in the ancient city of Durrës. The university was founded on 20 December 2005 by the Albanian Government. It was inaugurated in 2006 and is using the American system of education, unlike the rest of the public universities in the country. More than 1,300 students started classes as of 2 October 2006. University of Durrës took its name from Austrian-Italian actor Aleksandër Moisiu, who was of Albanian descent. The rector is Prof. Dr. Shkëlqim Fortuzi.
Rectors.
The list of rectors of Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës: 
Governing bodies.
Aleksandër Moisiu University has four governing bodies. The first is the Academic Senate, which focuses on strategy and organisation of the university. The second is the Board of Directors, which focuses on administration and finances. The Ethics Council is the third body, which discusses ethical issues related to the university, and the fourth is the Faculty Council, which is made up of professors at the school.
Campus.
Aleksandër Moisiu University has three campuses.
Currila campus.
The first campus or the old campus is in Currila Street ("Rruga e Currilave"), in the centre of city of Durrës. This campus was opened in 2006.
Faculty of Political Sciences and Law, Faculty of Information and Communications Technology and Faculty of Professional Studies are located in this campus.
Spitallë campus.
The new campus was inaugurated on 5 June 2013 by Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha and Minister of Education Myqerem Tafaj. The second campus is suburban and located in Spitallë, Durrës.
Built in an area of 55 hectares features; 2 large conference hall with a capacity of 220-330 seats, 3 Computer lab, 26 auditoriums with a capacity of 3,000 to 3,500 students, library, reading room and internet room, 16 offices for academic staff and 8 administrative offices, as well as the Meeting Hall of the Scientific Council, all these facilities are equipped with ventilation and heating systems, underground parking, park, as well as 5,000 square meters of green space.
The Faculty of Business and the Faculty of Education are located in this campus.
FASTIP campus.
The address of FASTIP is Lagjja Nr. 17, Rruga Adria, Durrës.
Organization.
There are six faculties (5 internal and 1 external):
Faculty of Information and Communications Technology.
Dean of the Faculty of Information and Communications Technology is Docent Lindita Mukli.
Former Branch of Peshkopia.
In 2009, the Albanian government decide to open a branch of UAMD in Peshkopia, administrative center of Dibër County, but in September 2014 Rama Government closed all branches of public university, including the branch of Peshkopia.
Faculty of Integrated Studies with Practice.
Dean of the Faculty of Integrated Studies with Practice (FASTIP) is Dr. Ela Golemi.
FASTIP was established as an innovative project in 2008 on a decision of the Council of Ministers (No. 827, date 11.06.2008: "Decree on Opening at the University "Aleksandër Moisiu" Durrës, the Faculty of Integrated Studies with Practice (FASTIP) and on the manner of its operation for the provisional period"). In 2012 the pilot project phase has extended by the Council of Ministers until 2014.
Under the bilateral Albanian-German Governmental Agreement, the experience of the Dual University Baden-Württemberg (DHBW), and with support of Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ). FASTIP started the lectures in January 2009. The study program is designed to provide students with an education based on a combination of theoretical studies and practical on-the-job training in Albanian Partner Banks and Enterprises.
Studies at FASTIP last three years. Each semester is made up of six theoretical modules covered within a two or three week teaching sequence in English or Albanian language by national and international Guest Lecturers. Students' practice period of fourteen weeks/semester is carried out in close cooperation with FASTIP, Banks and Enterprises.
After a successful graduation students awarded with the academic Bachelor diploma of the University "Aleksandër Moisiu" Durrës have already gained the necessary practical skills and competences to establish their further professional career. From 2011 all graduated students of Bank Management Study Program received a work contract with their supporting Banks.
FASTIP is an external faculty in which English is the language studies, a partnership with banks and companies in Albania:
Notable people.
From 2006 to 2012, 2281 students graduated from the university, with the first graduation held in 2009. The number of students graduating ranged from 160 in 2009 to 708 in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="7023158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023158" title="Plebiscite in Kashmir">
Plebiscite in Kashmir



</doc>
<doc id="7023160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023160" title="Local linearization">
Local linearization



</doc>
<doc id="7023163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023163" title="Kuro">
Kuro

Kuro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7023165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023165" title="Level of detail (programming)">
Level of detail (programming)



</doc>
<doc id="7023167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023167" title="List of giant squid specimens and sightings (References)">
List of giant squid specimens and sightings (References)



</doc>
<doc id="7023172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023172" title="For Whom The Bell Tolls (song)">
For Whom The Bell Tolls (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7023175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023175" title="Madame Edith">
Madame Edith



</doc>
<doc id="7023181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023181" title="Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk">
Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk

Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk is a musical that debuted Off-Broadway at the New York Shakespeare Festival/Public Theater in 1995 and moved to Broadway in 1996. The show was conceived and directed by George C. Wolfe, and featured music by Daryl Waters, Zane Mark and Ann Duquesnay; lyrics by Reg E. Gaines, George C. Wolfe and Ann Duquesnay; and a book by Reg E. Gaines. The choreography was by Savion Glover.
Productions.
"Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk" premiered off-Broadway at the Public Theater's Newman Theatre on November 3, 1995, and closed on January 28, 1996, after 85 performances. Directed by George C. Wolfe with costumes by Karen Perry, set design by Ricardo Hernandez, lighting by Jules Fisher and Peggy Eisenhauer, and Production Managed by Bonnie Metzgar. The cast included Savion Glover, Duquesnay, Gaines, and Dulé Hill.
The musical moved to the Ambassador Theatre on Broadway, opening there on April 25, 1996. The show closed after 1135 performances on January 10, 1999. The opening night cast included Jeffrey Wright, Glover, Duquesnay and Hill. Again directed by Wolfe, with sets and lighting by the off-Broadway team, costume design was by Paul Tazewell. Glover left the show but returned for 40 performances from December 8, 1998, through January 10, 1999.
Glover toured with the musical in 2002.
The Original Broadway Cast recording was issued by RCA Victor (09026-68565-2).
Concept.
"Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk" is a musical revue telling the story, through tap, of black history from slavery to the present. The musical numbers are presented along with supertitles, projected images and videotapes and with continuing commentary.
Wolfe took the rap words of Reg E. Gaines and turned them into "tap/rap (tap dancing informed by hip-hop and funk rhythms)."
Response.
In his interview for "The New York Times", Ben Brantley wrote: "Mr. Glover has found choreographic equivalents for the black experience in the days of plantations, urban industrialization, the Harlem Renaissance and latter-day race riots...This sense of flaming individuality is finally what the evening is about: not just the collective history of a race but the diverse and specific forms of expression that one tradition embraces."
The review in "Entertainment Weekly" said that the show is "an explosive and bravely literal-minded chronicle of the genre's history from slavery to the present. The music is beautiful and the dancing exuberant, but Funk is serious business, with vicious, funny send-ups of Uncle Tomism in Hollywood."
Writing for "The New York Times", Margo Jefferson stated that: "as dance, as musical, as theater, as art, as history and entertainment, there's nothing "Noise/Funk" cannot and should not do."
The musical made an "extraordinary political statement ... as well as the equally significant growth in dance this show launched."

</doc>
<doc id="7023183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023183" title="Museum Insel">
Museum Insel



</doc>
<doc id="7023184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023184" title="Symanowsky">
Symanowsky



</doc>
<doc id="7023185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023185" title="Green and blacks">
Green and blacks



</doc>
<doc id="7023186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023186" title="Rene Oswin">
Rene Oswin



</doc>
<doc id="7023187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023187" title="Ghataprabha">
Ghataprabha

 Ghataprabha is a village in the north of the Indian state of Karnataka. It is located in the Gokak taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
Demographics.
As of the 2001 India census, Ghataprabha had a population of more than 80,000. There are two hospitals, KHI (Karnatak Health Institute) and JG Co-operative Hospital, which also has an Ayurvedic medical college.
There is reservoir built near Ghataprabha, across the Ghataprabha River, to store water for irrigation. The first stage started in 1897 and comprised a 71 km-long left bank canal from the Dupdal weir, across the Ghataprabha River near Ghataprabha, into the Gokak Canal. It provided irrigation to an extent of 425,000 hectares. The second stage of the reservoir project comprised a left bank canal from Dupdal weir from 72 km to its full extent of 109 km across the Ghataprabha River near Hidkal, up to a height of 650.14 meters.
The Ghataprabha Reservoir has storage of about 659 million cubic meters, providing irrigation to 1,396,000 hectares of land, inclusive of the area under stage I. The third stage of the project included raising the Full Reservoir Level of to 662.94 meters. This would create gross storage of 1.448 billion cubic meters, channelised into a 202 km-long right bank canal and the 86 km-long Chickkodi Branch Canal. This would irrigate 191,386 hectares of land and bring the total area under the project to 3,310,000 hectares.
Ghataprabha is also known for its wholesale vegetable market. Vegetables from Ghataprabha are distributed not just across northern Karnataka, but also to various cities in Maharashtra and Goa.
Bird Sanctuary.
Ghataprabha Bird Sanctuary is 29.78 square kilometres, and its boundaries enclose a stretch of about 28 km of the Ghataprabha River, including the reservoir resulting from the dam built near Dhupdhal. The sanctuary is known for migratory birds such as the demoiselle crane and European white stork. It is surrounded by agricultural fields. Between November and March is the best time to visit the sanctuary, when most of the migratory bird species nest there.
Transportation.
Rail.
Ghatprabha is on the main Indian Railways grid, being part of south western division, and is well connected by rail to major destinations such as Bangalore, Mysore, Mangalore, Pune, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Goa and New Delhi, Hubballi.

</doc>
<doc id="7023191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023191" title="Golo, Sudan">
Golo, Sudan

 
Golo () is a settlement and rural district located in Central Darfur, Sudan. The start of the Darfur conflict is conventionally dated to an attack claimed by the Darfur Liberation Front upon Golo on 26 February 2003. Over the course of the conflict, the hands of the government and rebel forces changed several times.

</doc>
<doc id="7023192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023192" title="Plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir">
Plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir



</doc>
<doc id="7023198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023198" title="Mase, Switzerland">
Mase, Switzerland

Mase () is a former municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Vernamiège, Nax and Mase merged in the new municipality of Mont-Noble.
History.
Mase is first mentioned about 1100 as "villa Magis". Until 1902 it was known as "Mage".
Geography.
Mase has an area, , of . Of this area, or 36.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 45.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 13.9% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.7%. Out of the forested land, 40.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 4.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.1% is used for growing crops and 6.9% is pastures and 29.4% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the village is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 7.5% is unproductive vegetation and 6.4% is too rocky for vegetation.
The village is located in the Hérens district on the right bank of the Borgne and the left bank of the Rhone in the Val d'Hérens at an elevation of . It consists of the village of Mase.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the village coat of arms is "Azure, issuant from Coupeaux Vert a Pine Tree Vert trunked proper and a Chamois statant Argent, in chief two Mullets of the last."
Demographics.
Mase has a population () of 215.
Most of the population () speaks French (187 or 90.3%) as their first language, German is the second most common (13 or 6.3%) and Italian is the third (3 or 1.4%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.7% male and 52.3% female. The population was made up of 108 Swiss men (46.0% of the population) and 4 (1.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 114 Swiss women (48.5%) and 9 (3.8%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the village 120 or about 58.0% were born in Mase and lived there in 2000. There were 37 or 17.9% who were born in the same canton, while 24 or 11.6% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 16 or 7.7% were born outside of Switzerland.
, there were 73 people who were single and never married in the village. There were 107 married individuals, 20 widows or widowers and 7 individuals who are divorced.
There were 34 households that consist of only one person and 4 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 99 households that answered this question, 34.3% were households made up of just one person and there were 3 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 30 married couples without children, 23 married couples with children There were 3 single parents with a child or children. There were 5 households that were made up of unrelated people and 1 household that was made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 219 single family homes (or 81.7% of the total) out of a total of 268 inhabited buildings. There were 33 multi-family buildings (12.3%), along with 6 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (2.2%) and 10 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (3.7%).
, a total of 92 apartments (28.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 209 apartments (65.1%) were seasonally occupied and 20 apartments (6.2%) were empty.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire village of Mase is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 41.05% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (21.53%), the SVP (16.98%) and the FDP (13.35%). In the federal election, a total of 162 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 78.6%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 124 votes were cast, of which 8 or about 6.5% were invalid. The voter participation was 67.0%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 156 votes were cast, of which 4 or about 2.6% were invalid. The voter participation was 81.3%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
There were 83 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 39.8% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 36. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 4, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 14, all of which were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 18 of which 13 or 72.2% were in a hotel or restaurant.
, there were 7 workers who commuted into the village and 61 workers who commuted away. The village is a net exporter of workers, with about 8.7 workers leaving the village for every one entering.
Religion.
From the , 175 or 84.5% were Roman Catholic, while 8 or 3.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There were 5 (or about 2.42% of the population) who were Islamic. 11 (or about 5.31% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 8 individuals (or about 3.86% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Mase about 66 or (31.9%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 10 or (4.8%) have completed additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 10 who completed tertiary schooling, 90.0% were Swiss men, 10.0% were Swiss women.
, there were 25 students from Mase who attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="7023199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023199" title="Chula Vista High School">
Chula Vista High School

Chula Vista High School (CVHS) is a public high school located in Chula Vista, California. Founded in 1947, it is part of Sweetwater Union High School District.
History.
Chula Vista first opened in the summer of 1947, operating out of a temporary campus in Brown Field Municipal Airport with an estimated student enrollment of 650. By 1949, the student body had grown to just over 900 students between grades 10, 11, and 12; a new school at the intersection of Fourth Avenue and K Street was under construction. A 2006 referendum enabled existing facilities on Fourth Street to become more environmentally friendly; a new performing arts center was also built as a result.
In November 2023, San Diego County leaders recently honored the 25 'Most Remarkable Teens,' with Chris Moya from Chula Vista High recognized for LGBTQ+ activism. Chris founded the Genders and Sexualities Club and the Chula Closet Club at their school, creating safe spaces for peers.
In January 2024, Sweetwater Union High School District launched a voter registration campaign targeting high school students. The effort, led by Student Board Representative Izayah Ringfield and Trustee Marti Emerald, this initiative aims to visit all district high schools and adult education centers by May. The campaign offers eligible students the opportunity to register or pre-register to vote, with assistance from the League of Women Voters and the county registrar.
Athletics.
The school's athletic teams are nicknamed the Spartans and compete in the Metropolitan Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="7023208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023208" title="Plebiscite in Jammu">
Plebiscite in Jammu



</doc>
<doc id="7023214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023214" title="Nicklas Bergh">
Nicklas Bergh

Hans Nicklas Bergh is a Swedish footballer who plays for Eskilstuna City as a goalkeeper.
He spent his youth playing for Triangelns IK and IFK Eskilstuna before making his senior debut in 2000. After two years playing in the third division, Bergh moved up a division to join Superettan club Eskilstuna City. It was there that he first met Stefan Soderberg, the club's sporting director, who took up the same role at his next club. Three and a half years later, Bergh was signed by AIK as back-up to Daniel Örlund. In 2007, Bergh spent time on loan with Enköpings SK and made 18 appearances in the Superettan. During a six-year stint with AIK he made 12 appearances in all competitions and seven in the Allsvenskan – the first division of Swedish football. In 2011, Bergh returned to Eskilstuna City, who were now playing in the fourth division.

</doc>
<doc id="7023217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023217" title="Union Democracy">
Union Democracy

Union Democracy: The Internal Politics of the International Typographical Union is a book by Seymour Martin Lipset, Martin Trow and James S. Coleman, originally published by New York Free Press in 1956.
The book is a case study of one particular organization: the International Typographical Union, an organization seen by the authors as the most democratic one in the contemporary (1950s) United States; an organization that seemingly disproved Robert Michels' Iron law of oligarchy.
Overview.
The book addresses the factors that influence the power structure and decision making processes in organizations, with a specific focus on the political systems of democracy and oligarchy. The problem seen as central by the authors was the difficulty of maintaining democracy in organizations. The issue was first raised by Robert Michels in his "Political Parties" and termed the Iron law of oligarchy: all forms of organization, regardless of how democratic or autocratic they may be at the start, will eventually and inevitably develop into oligarchies. As organization increases in size, its bureaucracy will grow as well, and leaders of bureaucracy will use their position to increase and entrench their powers, departing further and further from any ideals of democracy the organization might have once possessed (Michels studied organizations that one would expect to be quite democratic: socialist parties and trade unions).
The book is a case study of one particular organization: the International Typographical Union, organization seen by the authors as the most democratic one in the contemporary (1950s) United States; an organization that seemingly disproved Michels' iron law. Lipset noticed that ITU formed an interesting contradiction to the iron law in the 1940s, while studying under one of the 'giants' of sociology, Robert K. Merton, who encouraged him to develop those ideas into an article, and later, a book, a task that Lipset approached with the help of two other researchers, Martin Trow and James S. Coleman. In the course of his research Lipset and others interviewed over 400 members of the ITU.
Lipset, Trow and Coleman largely agree with Michels that there are oligarchical bureaucratic tendencies in all organizations. They point to several factors that made ITU different from most other unions—and organizations—and thus able to defy the iron law. They noted that unlike most of such organizations, ITU was founded by a group of local unions valuing their autonomy. The existence of factions within the democratic structure (elections) of the union prevented leaders from becoming too corrupt, as each faction was always willing to expose the misdoings of another. They also point out that similarity between background of members (most of them coming from middle class) further encouraged democratic decision making processes.
One of the conclusions that Lipset, Trow and Coleman researched was that behaviour of individuals could be related to the qualities of local environments (groups) and their leaders.
The book was and still is widely cited in the field of sociology and political science, particularly in the subfield of organizational studies.

</doc>
<doc id="7023221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023221" title="Paraxial optics">
Paraxial optics



</doc>
<doc id="7023226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023226" title="Nax">
Nax

Nax is a former municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Vernamiège, Nax and Mase merged in the new municipality of Mont-Noble.
History.
Nax is first mentioned around 1001-1100 as "Nas". Its village church collapsed in 1909 during a service, killing 31 and injuring 50.
Geography.
Nax has an area, , of . Of this area, or 33.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 31.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.2% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 31.4% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.8% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.9%. Out of the forested land, 29.2% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.5% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.1% is used for growing crops and 5.4% is pastures and 27.1% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the village, 0.2% is in lakes and 0.2% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 12.4% is unproductive vegetation and 19.0% is too rocky for vegetation.
Nax is situated at the entrance to the Hérens valley near a rocky promontory which may provided its name, from the , "nose".
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the village coat of arms is "Azure, issuant from Coupeaux Vert between two Bucks rampant respectant Argent a Pine Tree Vert trunked proper topped with a Bird volant Or, in chief two Mullets of Five of the last."
Demographics.
Nax has a population () of 403.
Most of the population () speaks French (362 or 94.5%) as their first language, German is the second most common (14 or 3.7%) and Italian is the third (3 or 0.8%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.6% male and 54.4% female. The population was made up of 181 Swiss men (40.0% of the population) and 25 (5.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 231 Swiss women (51.1%) and 15 (3.3%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the village 212 or about 55.4% were born in Nax and lived there in 2000. There were 66 or 17.2% who were born in the same canton, while 57 or 14.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 33 or 8.6% were born outside of Switzerland.
, there were 135 people who were single and never married in the village. There were 193 married individuals, 37 widows or widowers and 18 individuals who are divorced.
There were 55 households that consist of only one person and 7 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 174 households that answered this question, 31.6% were households made up of just one person and there were 7 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 50 married couples without children, 45 married couples with children There were 9 single parents with a child or children. There were 2 households that were made up of unrelated people and 6 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 291 single family homes (or 71.9% of the total) out of a total of 405 inhabited buildings. There were 75 multi-family buildings (18.5%), along with 28 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (6.9%) and 11 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (2.7%).
, a total of 167 apartments (28.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 359 apartments (62.2%) were seasonally occupied and 51 apartments (8.8%) were empty.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 35.92% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (25.32%), the FDP (16.05%) and the SVP (13.99%). In the federal election, a total of 248 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 67.2%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 227 votes were cast, of which 8 or about 3.5% were invalid. The voter participation was 63.6%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 244 votes were cast, of which 14 or about 5.7% were invalid. The voter participation was 68.5%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Nax had an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. No one was employed in the secondary sector or the tertiary sector. There were 169 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.2% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 65. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 7, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 9 of which 4 or (44.4%) were in manufacturing and 4 (44.4%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 49. In the tertiary sector; 11 or 22.4% were in the sale or repair of motor vehicles, 4 or 8.2% were in the movement and storage of goods, 10 or 20.4% were in a hotel or restaurant, 14 or 28.6% were technical professionals or scientists, 3 or 6.1% were in education.
, there were 29 workers who commuted into the village and 103 workers who commuted away. The village is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.6 workers leaving the village for every one entering. Of the working population, % used public transportation to get to work, and % used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 330 or 86.2% were Roman Catholic, while 17 or 4.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There were 1 individual who belonged to another church. 20 (or about 5.22% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 15 individuals (or about 3.92% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Nax about 134 or (35.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 40 or (10.4%) have completed additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 40 who completed tertiary schooling, 50.0% were Swiss men, 25.0% were Swiss women, 12.5% were non-Swiss men and 12.5% were non-Swiss women.
, there were 14 students in Nax who came from another village, while 25 residents attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="7023230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023230" title="Chula Vista Senior High School">
Chula Vista Senior High School



</doc>
<doc id="7023231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023231" title="Agri-tainment">
Agri-tainment



</doc>
<doc id="7023235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023235" title="Hull pottery">
Hull pottery

Hull pottery began production in 1905 in Crooksville, Ohio, under the leadership of Addis Emmet (A.E.) Hull. The Hull Pottery Company's early lines consisted of common utilitarian stoneware, semi-porcelain dinnerware and decorative tile. The company quickly established a firm market and enjoyed an excellent reputation for producing quality ceramics.
Early successes.
A.E. Hull began his career working in Crooksville with his older brother J.J. Hull at The Star Stoneware, before starting his new company. J.J. helped start a new company, The Acme, which produced fine china. Later Hull Pottery took over the Acme buildings. J.J. had four sons who remained active in the local family pottery businesses, John, Floyd, Russell and Ralph W Hull.
The company's success continued and, over the next several years, the business expanded. In the 1920s, the A.E. Hull Pottery Company maintained its general offices and factories in Crooksville and had an office and a showroom located in New York, offices in Chicago and Detroit and a large warehouse in New Jersey. It was also during the 1920s that Hull began expanding the variety of his company's product line to art pottery. Additionally, the company began using a broader variety of colors and glazing techniques with its products. The various Hull relatives often represented the companies of other relatives in addition to their own.
A.E. Hull died in 1930. Addis E. Hull, Jr. succeeded his father in the management of the business. Hull, Jr. left the company in 1937 to become the General Manager of the Shawnee Pottery company. Gerald F. Watts became the new manager of Hull Pottery. Also in 1937, the company contracted with Shulton Inc. (mostly known for the Old Spice product line) to manufacture pottery cosmetic containers. By the late 1930s through 1950s, Hull was making some of its best work. By far the most popular line to come from the factory was "Red Riding Hood", produced in 1943. Hull developed art pottery lines primarily along floral themes: Orchid, Magnolia, Calla Lily, Rose and Tulip to name a few. The trendy pastel matte lines of Hull Pottery were also in high demand. Hull's product line expanded to include piggy banks, liquor bottles, and lamps. The company's Floristware line was one of Hull Pottery's most successful lines. From the 1940s through the 1960s, a plant or flower bouquet delivered from a florist was often contained in a Hull pot or figural planter.
Destruction, recovery and closure.
On June 19, 1950, the plant was destroyed in a flood and resulting fire. Primarily because of Hull's excellent reputation with its customers and buyers, the company was able to quickly rebuild and re-opened on January 1, 1952, as "The Hull Pottery Company." J.B. Hull became General Manager. John Hull, A.E.'s nephew who had continued to operate the Star Stoneware and was President of the Crooksville Bank, became a member of the board of directors. John's daughter Ann remained a closely associated investor through the 1970s, guided by her attorney husband Robert Jones. Through the 1950s and 1960s the company continued to expand and diversify its product lines to keep up with the times. New artistic lines such as Continental, Ebb Tide, Parchment and Pine, Tokay, and Tropicana were introduced. In the late 1960s through the mid-1980s, the company changed its production from artistic lines to predominately "House 'n' Garden" serving ware and Imperial florist ware. J.B. Hull died in 1978. Hull was succeeded as president by Henry Sulens and later Larry Taylor. In the mid-1980s the company was hit with multiple union strikes and foreign competition. In March, 1986 the company ceased operations and closed the plant.
Collectibles.
Numerous collectors clubs exist which specialize in collecting Hull Pottery. One such organization, "The Hull Pottery Association" is headquartered in Crooksville, Ohio. This association's goal is to "preserve, educate, and promote Hull Pottery, its collectors, and its heritage." Numerous collectors’ books exist as well. Examples of Hull Pottery can be found for sale on numerous web sites.

</doc>
<doc id="7023238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023238" title="Irish Free State High Court">
Irish Free State High Court



</doc>
<doc id="7023240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023240" title="EELS (band)">
EELS (band)



</doc>
<doc id="7023256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023256" title="Saint-Martin, Valais">
Saint-Martin, Valais

Saint-Martin (; Arpitan: "Sent-Martin") is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
History.
Saint-Martin is first mentioned in 1224 as "Sanctum Martinum".
Geography.
Saint-Martin has an area, , of . Of this area, 33.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while 42.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 2.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and 21.8% is unproductive land.
The municipality is located in the Hérens district. It consists of the villages of Saint-Martin, Suen, Trogne, Eison, Liez, Praz-Jean and La Luette as well as a pair of hamlets including Ossona.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure on a Mount Vert St. Martin robed Or on a Horse Argent cutting his Coat Gules to share with a Beggar Proper."
Demographics.
Saint-Martin has a population () of . , 3.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of -3.9%. It has changed at a rate of 2.4% due to migration and at a rate of -2.4% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks French (887 or 98.9%) as their first language, German is the second most common (5 or 0.6%) and Portuguese is the third (2 or 0.2%). There is 1 person who speaks Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.0% male and 52.0% female. The population was made up of 432 Swiss men (46.1% of the population) and 18 (1.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 473 Swiss women (50.5%) and 14 (1.5%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 690 or about 76.9% were born in Saint-Martin and lived there in 2000. There were 84 or 9.4% who were born in the same canton, while 63 or 7.0% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 29 or 3.2% were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 22.1% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 54.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 23.2%.
, there were 338 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 488 married individuals, 56 widows or widowers and 15 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 342 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.6 persons per household. There were 83 households that consist of only one person and 31 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 349 households that answered this question, 23.8% were households made up of just one person and there were 7 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 111 married couples without children, 124 married couples with children There were 12 single parents with a child or children. There were 5 households that were made up of unrelated people and 7 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 225 single family homes (or 60.5% of the total) out of a total of 372 inhabited buildings. There were 114 multi-family buildings (30.6%), along with 18 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (4.8%) and 15 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (4.0%).
, a total of 337 apartments (59.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 185 apartments (32.8%) were seasonally occupied and 42 apartments (7.4%) were empty. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 8.28%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 60.42% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (15.46%), the FDP (11.8%) and the SP (9.82%). In the federal election, a total of 599 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 77.8%.
Economy.
, Saint-Martin had an unemployment rate of 2.5%. , there were 32 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 19 businesses involved in this sector. 86 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 19 businesses in this sector. 80 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 27 businesses in this sector. There were 397 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.8% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 155. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 16, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 80 of which 64 or (80.0%) were in manufacturing and 16 (20.0%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 59. In the tertiary sector; 11 or 18.6% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 17 or 28.8% were in the movement and storage of goods, 10 or 16.9% were in a hotel or restaurant, 2 or 3.4% were the insurance or financial industry, 3 or 5.1% were technical professionals or scientists, 5 or 8.5% were in education.
, there were 30 workers who commuted into the municipality and 282 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 9.4 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 14.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 70.3% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 827 or 92.2% were Roman Catholic, while 20 or 2.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 5 individuals (or about 0.56% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and 10 (or about 1.11% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 36 individuals (or about 4.01% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Saint-Martin about 296 or (33.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 56 or (6.2%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 56 who completed tertiary schooling, 66.1% were Swiss men, 30.4% were Swiss women.
, there were 2 students in Saint-Martin who came from another municipality, while 62 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="7023259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023259" title="Plebiscite Kashmir">
Plebiscite Kashmir



</doc>
<doc id="7023263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023263" title="Saddleback caterpillar">
Saddleback caterpillar

The saddleback caterpillar (Acharia stimulea, formerly "Sibine stimulea") is the larva of a species of moth native to eastern North America. It is also found in Mexico. The species belongs to the family of slug caterpillars, Limacodidae.
The larva (caterpillar) is primarily green with brown at both ends and a prominent white-ringed brown dot in the center which resembles a saddle. It has a pair of fleshy horns at both ends. These and most of the rest of the body bear urticating hairs that secrete an irritating venom. Contact with the hairs causes a painful, swollen rash and sometimes nausea in humans. In some cases, more severe reactions to the venom can occur, including a systemic condition called erucism or acute urticaria, for which severe symptoms may include migraines, gastrointestinal symptoms, asthma complications, anaphylactic shock, rupturing of erythrocytes, and hemorrhaging. The hairs should be removed from the skin immediately to prevent more venom spread. The cocoon may also have irritating hairs, and hairs from the larva can fall on surrounding objects.
The larvae feed on plants. In Florida and Alabama in the United States, it feeds on palms such as the Manila palm ("Adonidia merrillii").
Description.
"Acharia stimulea" (formally known as "Sibine stimulea") is a moth of the family Limacodidae that is most widely known and recognizable for its larvae phase. During the mid and late instar (a phase between two periods of molting in the development), "Acharia stimulea" exhibits its characteristic lime-green coloring along the top of the body that contains its most identifiable feature, a dark marking at the center that is inclosed in a white and black that resembles a saddle. The green of the body contrasts against its dark anterior (head) and posterior (rear) which, along with the skirt of the body, contain tubercles with hollow spines that, when broken, release an irritating toxin into predators. Like others in the family Limacodidae, they rely on their slug-like anatomy to move. Similar to a slug, "Acharia stimulea" uses suckers and mucus to help them roll and adhere to surfaces. After pupation the adult "Acharia stimulea" loses all of its vibrant coloring and develops velvety dark brown anterior wings and cream posterior wings. 
Distribution and habitat.
"Acharia stimulea" are native to North America and are most known for living in warmer climates like Yucatan, Mexico but they can also survive the slightly cooler temperatures of the eastern United States. Adult moths fly during warm months which can be year round in the south or between July and August in the U.S.
"Acharia stimulea" are polyphagous and do not rely on a single plant species for survival though they tend to favor palms. Below is a list of known host plants that the "Acharia stimulea" female moths are known to lay their egg on and where they live during their larvae phase:
Life cycle.
Stages of metamorphosis:
Eggs.
The mother "Acharia stimulea" will lay her eggs 3 days after mating on the underside of a host plant's leaf, laying clusters of 30-50 eggs at a single time with an average of 300 in total. Each egg is around 1.5-2.0mm long and 1mm wide. Similar to other eggs of the family Limacodidae, "Acharia stimulea" eggs are flat and are a translucent lime green color when first laid by the mother. As they get closer to hatching the eggs become a translucent yellow and shriveled. Eclosion (the emergence of larvae from eggs) can take up to 10 days and the newly emerged larvae will feed on the underside of a leaf's epidermis until their first molt.
Larvae.
Throughout its life as a larva the saddleback caterpillar will go through a series of growths and molts. During the period between each molt the larva is regarded as an instar to indicate its progression into adulthood.
The first instar: Caterpillar larvae vary in size and are capable of being between 1.5-2.0mm in length. At this stage a hatchling lacks its characteristic coloring and instead tends to be a translucent lime green with green or black tentacles and green protuberances along the skirt which lack the long spiny thorns that are seen in older larvae. While it also lacks the recognizable saddled back, there may be markings on the body that indicate where the saddle will be as the top of some hatchlings tend to have a white or a slightly darker green marking on its top center.
The middle instar: Occurs during the second to fourth molt and is the period in time where the larva begins to gain its characteristic markings. Here, the top of the body gains a more opaque green that differentiates the top of the body from the bottom and contains a black dot, commonly called a "saddle", at the center that is held within a white oval shape that is surrounded by a black outlining. At this stage the tentacles also gain their coloring. The tentacles usually become darker with age, starting as green when hatched and then becoming orange around the middle instar. Some "Acharia stimulea" will also develop a facial marking with two cream or light-green markings that mimic large eyes at the posterior end of the body. The protuberances along the bottom sides of the larvae also become orange at this stage. Thorns on the tentacles and the protuberances along the side of the body also begin to elongate and obtain their stinging nature, with those on the tentacles being longer in length. At this stage larvae will also begin to eat plant tissue and grow to be about 5-8mm in size.
Late instar: "Acharia stimulea" is most known for its late instar stage where it is easily identifiable through its unique marking that has become more vibrant.  As the anterior and posterior range from being a vibrant orange, brown, or dark purple the top of the body has turned into a more vibrant green. The caterpillars' green body with its characteristic “saddle” has also become well defined with its color having developed into a dark-orange or brown color with each of its molts. At this stage, the thorns along the tentacles and tuburances have also become well developed and elongated. About four to five months after hatching the caterpillar will have reached its final instar and will begin to feed on both sides of the leaf and leaf tissue to ready itself for pupating. Before spinning its cocoon, an individual larva can reach measurements close to 20mm long and 7mm wide.
Pupa.
While pupating the cocoon appears to be a hardened light brown spherical shape with black veining that is encompassed in silk webbing. This webbing is made up in part by caterpillars’ stinging thorns which helps attach and protect the caterpillar through its metamorphosis.
Adult.
"Acharia stimulea" emerge in June and July with females tending to be larger in size than their male counterparts. "Acharia" moths are not dimorphic in color as both males and females have dark brown anterior wings, cream, posterior wings, and a dark brown body. Like in other moths in the family Limacodidae, the wings and body appear to have a velvety fur-like texture. One of the main characteristics of "Acharia stimulea" at this stage is the presence of white dots that occur with about one or three at the apex and one at the inner middle of the anterior wings. Their wings can also reach a wingspan of  30mm. At this stage "Acharia stimulea" lack envenomation and live 10 days on average.
Reproduction.
Adult "Acharia stimulea" will mate as soon as two days after emerging from their cocoon and will copulate for up to 24 hours. In the wild mating rituals occur during nights with warm temperatures, which can vary between February and July in the United States. After mating the female will choose a host plant and lay her eggs on the underside of the leaf where she will frequently visit until they have successfully hatched.
Defense against predators.
"Acharia stimulea" has two distinct defense mechanisms, aposematism and mimicry.
Aposematism.
"Acharia stimulea" exhibits aposematic coloring which is a distinct vibrant coloring that represents their toxicity. Along the anterior, posterior and skirt of the caterpillar are tubercles that contain threatening hollow spines. While these spines are threatening alone, they actually go a step further in acting as a defense mechanism as they are connected to a gland that secretes venom that, when broken, is released into predators or unsuspecting gardeners. These spines are usually orange along the skirt of the caterpillar and orange or black along the tentacles present at both ends of the body. The larvae will use this defensively by curling outwards so that their spines are unavoidable to a predator. The spines are also used in the silk cocoon to further protect it during metamorphosis.
Mimicry.
Throughout the larvae stage "Acharia stimulea" also exhibits a false face with two green or white dots that contrast against the dark coloring of the body that act as large eyes. While this marking resembles a face, it is actually located at the posterior of the Saddleback caterpillar. This is an example of defensive mimicry which can be seen in other moth species such as "Deilephila elpenor" (elephant hawk-moth) which exhibits snake like features in order to deter predators. It is not uncommon for these facial features to be represented on the posterior as it is believed to be used to misdirect predators and is often called automimicry or intraspecific mimicry.
Dangers and treatments of stings.
"Acharia stimulea" is known for having one of the strongest stings and, because the saddleback caterpillar is commonly found in ornamental plants, gardeners are most at risk of accidental exposure. The spines along the caterpillar, when broken, will release an irritating toxin into its victims that is known to cause acute urticaria in humans. These spines are fragile and can become airborne and embedded into surfaces therefore immediate action is required for removal if infected to prevent prolonged harm. Spines can be removed by using adhesive tape over the infected area to pull out the spines, with a new piece of tape used for each treatment. Symptoms can be mild or severe and can last from a few hours to a few days depending on the sensitivity of those infected and can be relieved through prescribed medication on a case-by-case basis. Some of the symptoms include headaches, conjunctivitis, difficulty breathing, gastrointestinal symptoms, asthma complications, anaphylactic shock and hemorrhaging. Ice packs, corticosteroids, topical and oral antihistamines have been reported to help relieve pain.
Parasitism.
The saddleback caterpillar are known to become frequently infested by a braconid wasp. A female braconid wasp will inject eggs in a venom like manner into its chosen host caterpillar, which is known as ovipositing. The parasitic wasp eggs are able to survive by feeding on the inside of the saddleback caterpillar and emerge as larvae by creating holes in the body.

</doc>
<doc id="7023265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023265" title="Roko Malani">
Roko Malani

Roko Malani (died 1833) was high chief of the Fijian island of Lakeba. He held the title "Tui Nayau" (paramount chief of the Lau Islands) and was a popular chief. He increased the influence the island of Lakeba had in Fiji.
The first Christian missionaries arrived in Fiji in 1830 at Malani's request, these were three Tahitian missionaries of the London Missionary Society.
Malani's younger brother, Taliai Tupou, succeeded him as "Tui Nayau" after Malani's death in 1833. Malani's son, Vuetasau, was among the first Fijians to convert to Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="7023272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023272" title="National Centre for the Performing Arts">
National Centre for the Performing Arts

National Centre for the Performing Arts may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="7023273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023273" title="HJHL">
HJHL



</doc>
<doc id="7023276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023276" title="Plebiscite Jammu">
Plebiscite Jammu



</doc>
<doc id="7023277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023277" title="Vernamiège">
Vernamiège

Vernamiège () is a former municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Vernamiège, Nax and Mase merged in the new municipality of Mont-Noble.
Geography.
Vernamiège has an area, , of . Of this area, or 20.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 71.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 3.8% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.3%. Out of the forested land, 65.9% of the total land area is heavily forested and 5.5% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.0% is used for growing crops and 8.7% is pastures, while 1.2% is used for orchards or vine crops and 10.6% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the village is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 1.5% is unproductive vegetation and 2.3% is too rocky for vegetation.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the village coat of arms is "Azure a Crosier Or issuant from base and an alder-tree Branch Vert fructed Sable in saltire in chief two Mullets of Five of the second."
Demographics.
Vernamiège has a population () of 153.
Most of the population () speaks French (132 or 91.7%) as their first language, German is the second most common (11 or 7.6%) and Dutch is the third (1 or 0.7%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.1% male and 52.9% female. The population was made up of 83 Swiss men (43.9% of the population) and 6 (3.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 96 Swiss women (50.8%) and 4 (2.1%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the village 97 or about 67.4% were born in Vernamiège and lived there in 2000. There were 15 or 10.4% who were born in the same canton, while 24 or 16.7% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 8 or 5.6% were born outside of Switzerland.
, there were 60 people who were single and never married in the village. There were 70 married individuals, 10 widows or widowers and 4 individuals who are divorced.
There were 25 households that consist of only one person and 4 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 68 households that answered this question, 36.8% were households made up of just one person and there were 3 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 21 married couples without children, 14 married couples with children There were 2 single parents with a child or children. There were 3 households that were made up of unrelated people.
 there were 119 single family homes (or 73.0% of the total) out of a total of 163 inhabited buildings. There were 36 multi-family buildings (22.1%), along with 5 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (3.1%) and 3 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (1.8%).
, a total of 68 apartments (31.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 127 apartments (58.0%) were seasonally occupied and 24 apartments (11.0%) were empty.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 48.48% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (23.38%), the Green Party (11.4%) and the SVP (11.11%). In the federal election, a total of 100 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 63.3%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 84 votes were cast, of which 7 or about 8.3% were invalid. The voter participation was 51.9%, which is similar to the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 99 votes were cast, of which 3 or about 3.0% were invalid. The voter participation was 63.5%, which is similar to the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Vernamiège had an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. No one was employed in the secondary sector or the tertiary sector. There were 52 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 38.5% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 11. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 4, all of which were in agriculture. There were no jobs in the secondary sector. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 7. In the tertiary sector; 1 was in the sale or repair of motor vehicles, 1 was in a hotel or restaurant, and 1 was in the information industry.
, there were 34 workers who commuted away from the village. Of the working population, % used public transportation to get to work, and % used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 118 or 81.9% were Roman Catholic, while 12 or 8.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and 10 (or about 6.94% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 3 individuals (or about 2.08% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Vernamiège about 34 or (23.6%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 20 or (13.9%) have completed additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 20 who completed tertiary schooling, 65.0% were Swiss men, 30.0% were Swiss women.
, there were 17 students from Vernamiège who attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="7023290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023290" title="Mark Barr">
Mark Barr

James Mark McGinnis Barr (18 May 187115 December 1950) was an electrical engineer, physicist, inventor, and polymath known for proposing the standard notation for the golden ratio. Born in America, but with English citizenship, Barr lived in both London and New York City at different times of his life.
Though remembered primarily for his contributions to abstract mathematics, Barr put much of his efforts over the years into the design of machines, including calculating machines. He won a gold medal at the 1900 Paris Exposition Universelle for an extremely accurate engraving machine.
Life.
Barr was born in Pennsylvania, the son of Charles B. Barr and Ann M'Ginnis.
He was educated in London, then worked for the Westinghouse Electric Company in Pittsburgh from 1887 to 1890. He started there as a draughtsman before becoming a laboratory assistant, and later an erection engineer. For two years in the early 1890s, he worked in New York City at the journal "Electrical World" as an assistant editor, at the same time studying chemistry at the New York City College of Technology, and by 1900, he had worked with both Nikola Tesla and Mihajlo Pupin in New York. However, he was known among acquaintances for his low opinion of Thomas Edison. Returning to London in 1892, he studied physics and electrical engineering at the City and Guilds of London Technical College for three years. 
From 1896 to 1900, he worked for Linotype in England, and from 1900 to 1904, he worked as a technical advisor to Trevor Williams in London.
Beginning in 1902, he was elected to the Small Screw Gauge Committee of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. The committee was set up to put into practice the system of British Association screw threads, which had been settled on but not implemented in 1884. More broadly, it was tasked with considering "the whole question of standardisation of engineering materials, tools, and machinery".
In January 1916, Barr was given charge of a school for machinists in London, intended to supply workers to a nearby factory for machine guns for the war effort; the school closed that June, as the factory was unable to take on the new workers at the expected rate.
In the early 1920s, Barr was a frequent visitor to Alfred North Whitehead in Chelsea, London, but by 1924, he had moved back to New York.
Hamlin Garland writes that, "after thirty years in London", Barr returned to America "in order that his young sons might become citizens". Garland quotes Barr as saying that, for him, "to abandon America would be an act of treason".
In 1924, Harvard University invited Whitehead to join its faculty, with the financial backing of Henry Osborn Taylor. Barr, a friend of both Whitehead and Taylor, served as an intermediary in the preparations for this move.
Whitehead, in subsequent letters to his son North in 1924 and 1925, writes of Barr's struggles to sell the design for one of his calculating machines to an unnamed large American company. In the 1925 letter, Whitehead writes that Barr's son Stephen was staying with him while Barr and his wife Mabel visited Elyria, Ohio, to oversee a test build of the device. However, by 1927, Barr and Whitehead had fallen out, Whitehead writing to North (amid much complaint about Barr's character) that he was "very doubtful whether he will keep his post at the business school here";
Barr was a "research assistant in finance" at Harvard Business School around this time.
Barr joined the Century Association in 1925, and in his later life it "became practically his home". He died in The Bronx in 1950.
Contributions.
Machining.
At Linotype, Barr improved punch-cutting machines by substituting ball bearings for oil lubrication to achieve a more precise fit, and using tractrix-shaped sleeves to distribute wear uniformly.
In an 1896 publication in "The Electrical Review" on calculating the dimensions of a ball race, Barr credits the bicycle industry for stimulating development of the perfectly spherical steel balls needed in this application.
The punch-cutters he worked on were, essentially, pantographs that could engrave copies of given shapes (the outlines of letters or characters) as three-dimensional objects at a much smaller scale (the punches used to shape each letter in hot metal typesetting).
Between 1900 and 1902, with Linotype managers Arthur Pollen and William Henry Lock, Barr also designed pantographs operating on a very different scale, calculating aim for naval artillery based on the positions, headings, and speeds of the firing ship and its target.
Golden ratio.
Barr was a friend of William Schooling, and worked with him in exploiting the properties of the golden ratio to develop arithmetic algorithms suitable for mechanical calculators. 
According to Theodore Andrea Cook, Barr gave the golden ratio the name of phi (Φ). Cook wrote that Barr chose Φ by analogy to the use of for the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter, and because it is the first Greek letter in the name of the ancient sculptor Phidias. Although Martin Gardner later wrote that Phidias was chosen because he was "believed to have used the golden proportion frequently in his sculpture", Barr himself denied this, writing in his paper "Parameters of beauty" that he doubted Phidias used the golden ratio. Schooling communicated some of his discoveries with Barr to Cook after seeing an article by Cook about phyllotaxis, the arrangement of leaves on a plant stem, which often approximates the golden ratio.
Schooling published his work with Barr later, in 1915, employing the same notation.
Barr also published a related work in "The Sketch" in around 1913, generalizing the Fibonacci numbers to higher-order recurrences.
Other inventions and discoveries.
Around 1910, Barr built a lighting apparatus for painter William Nicholson, using filters and reflectors to mix different types of light to produce an "artificial reproduction of daylight".
In 1914, as an expert in electricity, he took part in an investigation of psychic phenomena involving Polish medium Stanisława Tomczyk by the Society for Psychical Research; however, the results were inconclusive.
At some point prior to 1916, Barr was a participant in a business venture to make synthetic rubber from turpentine by a bacterial process. However, after much effort in relocating the bacterium after exhausting the original supply (a barrel of vinegar from New Jersey), the process ended up being less cost-effective than natural rubber, and the business failed.
With Edward George Boulenger of the London Zoo, he built a timer-operated electromechanical rat trap.
In preparation for a diving expedition to Haiti by William Beebe and the New York Zoological Society in early 1927, in which he participated as "physicist, master electrician, and philosopher", Barr helped develop an underwater telephone allowing divers to talk to a support boat, and a brass underwater housing for a motion picture camera.

</doc>
<doc id="7023291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023291" title="Wings of deliverance">
Wings of deliverance



</doc>
<doc id="7023297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023297" title="Plebiscite Jammu and Kashmir">
Plebiscite Jammu and Kashmir



</doc>
<doc id="7023298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023298" title="Northford, Connecticut">
Northford, Connecticut

Northford is a census-designated place (CDP) comprising the primary village and surrounding residential and rural land in the town of North Branford, New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. It is in the northern part of the town, bordered to the west by the town of North Haven, to the east by the town of Guilford, and to the north by the town of Wallingford, all in New Haven County. It is bordered to the northeast by the town of Durham in Middlesex County. In 2002, of the central village of Northford were designated as the Northford Center Historic District.
Northford was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census.
Religion.
A Congregational church was organized at Northford in 1750 and its current building dates to 1846. St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church was first organized in 1763. The present edifice was dedicated on November 10, 1940, having been rebuilt to resemble its predecessor, which dated to 1845 and was destroyed by fire in 1938. St. Monica's Roman Catholic Church was founded in the 1950s as a mission of St. Augustine's, North Branford. In 2016 it merged back into St. Augustine's to form a new entity: the parish of St. Ambrose, the first such merger in the Archdiocese of Hartford.

</doc>
<doc id="7023303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023303" title="Soroaqali">
Soroaqali

Toki Soroaqali was a Lauan chief and member of the noble dynasty of Vuanirewa in Fiji, active in the late 1700s and early 1800s.
He was the second son of Rasolo, the first "Tui Nayau" through a lady of rank from the Narewadamu. He was thus half brother to both, the second and third "Tui Nayau's", Malani and Taliai Tupou and the brother of Lalaciwa.
As his mother belonged to the Narewadamu, the original noble houses of Lakeba, he was considered "Vasu i Taukei", having greater rights in Lakeba through his mother. Prior to Malani becoming Roko Sau, he and his younger brother Taliai Tupou, whose mothers were from outside Lakeba, offered him the right to become Roko Sau and Tui Nayau. He opted out stating that should he become High Chief, the Lakeba people would not listen to them as they had no kinsfolk amongst them but should Malani take the chieftainship and require anything, he would direct the Lakeba people to follow his brother's orders as they were his kin. It was thus that Malani succeeded to Roko Sau and Tui Nayau without further dispute.
Further records show that Soroaqali was alive when the first missionaries arrived on Lakeba. He however despised the new religion and opposed Christianity to the end. He died in 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="7023307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023307" title="Aldo T. &quot;Buff&quot; Donelli">
Aldo T. &quot;Buff&quot; Donelli



</doc>
<doc id="7023314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023314" title="Vex, Switzerland">
Vex, Switzerland

Vex (Arpitan: "Vés") is a municipality and capital of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Geography.
Vex has an area, , of . Of this area, or 32.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 47.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 13.2% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.5% is either rivers or lakes and or 6.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 7.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 4.8%. Out of the forested land, 38.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 7.7% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.2% is used for growing crops and 18.3% is pastures, while 2.5% is used for orchards or vine crops and 11.0% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 5.7% is unproductive vegetation.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure, a Chevronelle inverted couped Argent between three Mullets of Five of the same and Coupeaux Vert in base."
Demographics.
Vex has a population () of . , 11.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 23.8%. It has changed at a rate of 23% due to migration and at a rate of -0.7% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks French (1,216 or 92.8%) as their first language, German is the second most common (38 or 2.9%) and Portuguese is the third (30 or 2.3%). There are 4 people who speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.7% male and 49.3% female. The population was made up of 724 Swiss men (44.4% of the population) and 103 (6.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 721 Swiss women (44.2%) and 83 (5.1%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 535 or about 40.8% were born in Vex and lived there in 2000. There were 350 or 26.7% who were born in the same canton, while 157 or 12.0% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 173 or 13.2% were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 24.1% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 56.9% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 19%.
, there were 526 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 604 married individuals, 126 widows or widowers and 55 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 514 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. There were 180 households that consist of only one person and 28 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 528 households that answered this question, 34.1% were households made up of just one person and there were 6 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 129 married couples without children, 169 married couples with children There were 24 single parents with a child or children. There were 6 households that were made up of unrelated people and 14 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 626 single family homes (or 72.3% of the total) out of a total of 866 inhabited buildings. There were 135 multi-family buildings (15.6%), along with 51 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (5.9%) and 54 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (6.2%).
, a total of 498 apartments (28.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 1,186 apartments (67.7%) were seasonally occupied and 69 apartments (3.9%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 15.3 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 37.97% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (21.97%), the SVP (19.71%) and the SP (12.57%). In the federal election, a total of 724 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 68.6%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 676 votes were cast, of which 41 or about 6.1% were invalid. The voter participation was 63.3%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 718 votes were cast, of which 52 or about 7.2% were invalid. The voter participation was 69.4%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Vex had an unemployment rate of 2.8%. , there were 50 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 18 businesses involved in this sector. 58 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 11 businesses in this sector. 309 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 57 businesses in this sector. There were 644 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.3% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 331. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 34, of which 20 were in agriculture and 14 were in forestry or lumber production. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 54 of which 1 was in manufacturing and 53 (98.1%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 243. In the tertiary sector; 42 or 17.3% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 16 or 6.6% were in the movement and storage of goods, 55 or 22.6% were in a hotel or restaurant, 13 or 5.3% were the insurance or financial industry, 6 or 2.5% were technical professionals or scientists, 10 or 4.1% were in education and 53 or 21.8% were in health care.
, there were 153 workers who commuted into the municipality and 406 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.7 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 8.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 71.4% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,047 or 79.9% were Roman Catholic, while 78 or 5.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 5 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.38% of the population), there was 1 individual who belongs to the Christian Catholic Church, and there was 1 individual who belongs to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and 4 (or about 0.31% of the population) who were Islamic. There was 1 person who was Buddhist and 1 individual who belonged to another church. 57 (or about 4.35% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 115 individuals (or about 8.77% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Vex about 448 or (34.2%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 125 or (9.5%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 125 who completed tertiary schooling, 57.6% were Swiss men, 28.8% were Swiss women, 7.2% were non-Swiss men and 6.4% were non-Swiss women. , there were 25 students in Vex who came from another municipality, while 69 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Vex is home to the "Bibliothèque de Vex" library. The library has () 4,671 books or other media, and loaned out 6,911 items in the same year. It was open a total of 79 days with average of 6 hours per week during that year.

</doc>
<doc id="7023317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023317" title="Glen Gondrezick">
Glen Gondrezick

Glen Michael 'Gondo' Gondrezick (August 30, 1955 – April 27, 2009) was an American basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the UNLV Runnin' Rebels. He played the shooting guard and small forward positions (swingman).
Basketball career.
Born in Boulder, Colorado, he attended Boulder High School in his hometown. The 6'6" Gondrezick played collegiately at University of Nevada, Las Vegas. A starter on the Runnin' Rebels' first Final Four team in 1977, his jersey number 25 would be retired by the program twenty years later.
Gondrezick was drafted by the New York Knicks in 1977, in the second round (26th pick overall). He competed in six NBA seasons, appearing for the Knicks (two years) and the Denver Nuggets (four), and averaging six points, four rebounds, and one assist in 435 regular season matches.
Later career and death.
Gondrezick later became a broadcaster for the UNLV basketball team. He would also call the Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament games for the Mountain West Radio Network from 2000–2008 before dying of complications from heart surgery on April 27, 2009, at the age of 53. He had received a heart transplant in September of the previous year.
Personal life.
Gondrezick's younger brother, Grant, was also a professional basketball player, and a shooting guard. He played two years in the NBA.
On July 23, 1987, Gondrezick shot himself after an altercation with his wife. He acknowledged to authorities that the gunshot wound to the left side of the chest was self-inflicted.
Career statistics.
NBA.
Source
Playoffs.
!Year
!Team
!GP
!MPG
!FG%
!3P%
!FT%
!RPG
!APG
!SPG
!BPG
!PPG

</doc>
<doc id="7023322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023322" title="Something Wonderful (Nancy Wilson album)">
Something Wonderful (Nancy Wilson album)

Something Wonderful was the second album by the American vocalist Nancy Wilson, it was released in October 1960 by Capitol Records, and arranged by Billy May.
As with her debut album on the label, "Like in Love", she was teamed up with Billy May, one of its star arrangers, who had come to prominence through his outstanding work with such singers as Nat King Cole, Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra.
The album spawned one of Wilson's all-time signature songs, "Guess Who I Saw Today". Another highlight was "What a Little Moonlight Can Do", which was, as critic Pete Welding wrote in his liner notes to the 1996 three-CD set "Ballads, Blues &amp; Big Bands: The Best of Nancy Wilson", "a song so closely associated with the sublime Billie Holiday (that) few would even have attempted it, let alone brought it off so well, with just the right blend of lightheartedness and sincerity."
In 2003, the UK label EMI Gold re-issued "Something Wonderful" on a 2-for-1 CD, coupled with its natural companion, "Like in Love".

</doc>
<doc id="7023327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023327" title="Life Meter">
Life Meter



</doc>
<doc id="7023337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023337" title="Tom Seats">
Tom Seats

Thomas Edward Seats (September 24, 1910 – May 10, 1992) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers (1940) and the Brooklyn Dodgers (1945). The , left-hander was a native of Farmington, North Carolina.
Seats was 2–2 for the Tigers in 1940, and then was 10–7 for the Dodgers five years later during World War II. He made his major league debut in relief on May 4, 1940, against the Philadelphia Athletics at Shibe Park. His first major league win came two days later, also in relief, in a 6–4 victory over the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. He pitched his first major league shutout on May 11, 1945, against the St. Louis Cardinals at Ebbets Field. The score was 7–0.
Seats' career totals for 57 games include a 12–9 record, 20 games started, 6 complete games, 2 shutouts, 14 games finished, and 1 save. He allowed 88 earned runs in 177 innings pitched for an ERA of 4.47.
Seats died at the age of 81 in San Ramon, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7023342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023342" title="Toribio Romo González">
Toribio Romo González

Toribio Romo González, known as Saint Toribio Romo (, ; April 16, 1900 – February 25, 1928) was a Mexican Catholic priest and martyr who was killed during the anti-clerical persecutions of the Cristero War. Beatified and later canonized by Pope John Paul II along with 24 other saints and martyrs of the Cristero War, he is popularly venerated in Mexico and among Mexican immigrants, particularly for his reported miraculous appearances to migrants seeking to cross the Mexico–United States border.
Life.
Toribio was born on April 16, 1900, to farmers Juana González Romo and Patricio Romo Pérez in the "ranchería" of Santa Ana de Guadalupe, located about from the municipal seat of Jalostotitlán, Jalisco. He had two siblings: a sister, María, and a younger brother, Román, who would also go on to become a priest. 
Though initially countered by his parents, in 1912, at age thirteen, he entered the Auxiliary Seminary of San Juan de los Lagos, before transferring to the Major Diocesan Seminary of Guadalajara in 1920. He was created a deacon on September 22, 1922, and ordained a priest a few months later, on December 23, at the age of twenty-two, after being granted a dispensation due to his exceedingly young age. He celebrated his first public mass on January 5, 1923.
Toribio's ministry was characterized by a heavy emphasis on catechesis to the poor, as well as the centrality of the Eucharist to Christian life. During his brief priesthood, he served in parishes in the towns of Sayula, Tuxpan, Yahualica and Cuquío, all of them in his native state of Jalisco.
Starting in November 1926, after a revolt in the town of Cuquío against the anti-clerical persecutions of Mexican president Plutarco Elías Calles, he was forced to take up an itinerant lifestyle along with Justino Orona, the parish priest of Cuquío. After relocating almost a dozen times, his final residence was the rural settlement of Agua Caliente, in the outskirts of the town of Tequila, where he was sent to hide and was offered refuge by a local landowner. There, he was joined by his brother and sister, and he continued to secretly carry out his priestly ministry from an abandoned distillery and by visiting parishioners in the town of Tequila by night.
Toribio is a direct male-line descendent of 17th century explorer Diego Romo de Vivar.
Death.
On Friday, February 24, 1928, he spent his day organizing the parish registry. Two days before he had sent his brother away to safety. Toribio finished his work in the early hours of February 25 and went to bed. An hour later, government troops arrived and broke into the bedroom where he was sleeping. One of the soldiers reportedly shouted: "Here is the priest, kill him!" He said, "Here I am, but do not kill me."
Another soldier, however, fired, and Toribio rose from his bed and took a few steps before a second bullet caused him to fall into the arms of his sister, who cried in a loud voice: "Courage, Father Toribio...merciful Christ, receive him! Long live Christ the King!"
Veneration.
Father Toribio Romo was beatified by Pope John Paul II on November 22, 1992, and canonized on May 21, 2000. His feast day is May 21.
Despite the fact that in 1920, fearing immigrants would lose their values, Father Toribio wrote a play titled "Let's go north!", a comedy that warned migrants against traveling to the States, there is a belief among some Mexicans that Toribio Romo has appeared to some who cross the border to assist them in distress. In the late 1970s migrants began telling stories about St. Toribio coming to their rescue.
The Saint Toribio Romo Fund, which bears his name, supports the work of the immigration services department of Catholic Charities in the Diocese of Monterey.

</doc>
<doc id="7023346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023346" title="Sisseton Sioux">
Sisseton Sioux



</doc>
<doc id="7023349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023349" title="Ben Lai">
Ben Lai

Ben Lai is a Canadian comic book penciler who worked on series such as "Sigil", "Radix", "Thor" and "X-Men". His brother, Ray Lai, often inks his work.
In 2002, the Lai brothers were involved in a controversy when the Massachusetts Institute of Technology used an image from "Radix" #1 in a $50 million grant proposal for the development of battlefield armor for the United States military.

</doc>
<doc id="7023351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023351" title="Clarenceville, Michigan">
Clarenceville, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7023357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023357" title="State Route 3 (Maine)">
State Route 3 (Maine)



</doc>
<doc id="7023360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023360" title="Billion Dollar Baby">
Billion Dollar Baby

Billion Dollar Baby is a musical with the book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green and the score by Morton Gould. Comden and Green were fresh from their success with "On the Town", and the production team was something of an "On the Town" reunion: once again, George Abbott directed and Jerome Robbins choreographed.
The musical is set on Staten Island and in Atlantic City during the late 1920s. It follows the adventures of an ambitious young woman, Maribelle Jones, in her quest for wealth during the Prohibition era.
Production.
The musical opened on Broadway at the Alvin Theatre on December 21, 1945, and ran for 220 performances. "Billion Dollar Baby" was not well-received, although Robbins' choreography — which included two dream ballets, a Charleston, and a gangster's funeral procession - was widely praised. (Decades later, Robbins incorporated the Charleston number into "Jerome Robbins' Broadway".) The cast starred Joan McCracken (as Maribelle), Mitzi Green, William Tabbert, and David Burns. Early in the run, McCracken was replaced by Virginia Gorski (later Virginia Gibson). Other dancers in the cast included Danny Daniels, Helen Gallagher, and James Mitchell; Mitchell was Tabbert's dance double. The musical director was Max Goberman.
There is no original cast recording, although there is a recording of the 1998 York Theatre Company Mufti Series staged concert version with Kristin Chenoweth, Debbie Gravitte, Marc Kudisch, and Richard B. Shull.
The show gained notoriety for an event that happened in rehearsals: Robbins, walking backwards as he ranted at the dancers, failed to realize how close he was to the orchestra pit—and fell into it.

</doc>
<doc id="7023370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023370" title="Kashmir and the United Nations">
Kashmir and the United Nations



</doc>
<doc id="7023372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023372" title="Fountain Lakes">
Fountain Lakes

Fountain Lakes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7023377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023377" title="Protection Island">
Protection Island

Protection Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7023381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023381" title="Toure">
Toure



</doc>
<doc id="7023385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023385" title="Jammu and the United Nations">
Jammu and the United Nations



</doc>
<doc id="7023393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023393" title="List of computer or video games based on World War II">
List of computer or video games based on World War II



</doc>
<doc id="7023395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023395" title="Jammu and Kashmir and the United Nations">
Jammu and Kashmir and the United Nations



</doc>
<doc id="7023399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023399" title="Rafiq Shinwari">
Rafiq Shinwari

Mohammad Rafiq Shinwari () was a singer and composer of Pashto music in Pakistan. Though he also tried his luck with Pashto poetry and wrote a few poems as well but it was his compositions for early Pashto movies that earned him a big name in this field. 
A disciple of Abdul Sattar Bacha, he was brought to Bacha's abode by his mother as a child in the late 1940s from Nangarhar, Afghanistan. Rafiq Shinwari started his career as a Qawali singer at Radio Pakistan Peshawar Studio in 1961. Subsequently he became a household name among the Pashtun population of both Afghanistan and Pakistan in the 1970s and 1980s. He primarily sang the Sufi poetry of Hamza Shinwari and Rahman Baba. Himself a Sufi by heart, Ustad Shinwari used to sing in a rare husky voice, which would leave his audience in a state of trance. As a music director some of his Pashto movies include Orbal, Ehsan, Qaidi, Dameena, Topak Zama Qanoon, Iqrar, Naway Da Yawai Shpai, and Khana Badosh.
Out of his two sons, namely, Shaifq and Ghulam Ali, the later committed suicide in 1988 for unknown reasons.
In 2004, the Rafiq Shinwari Ulasi award was established in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="7023412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023412" title="Armija Republike Bosne i Hercegovine">
Armija Republike Bosne i Hercegovine



</doc>
<doc id="7023418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023418" title="Herpetological">
Herpetological



</doc>
<doc id="7023426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023426" title="Play it once, Sam">
Play it once, Sam



</doc>
<doc id="7023451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023451" title="Action Boy">
Action Boy



</doc>
<doc id="7023455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023455" title="Tom Miller (footballer, born 1890)">
Tom Miller (footballer, born 1890)

Thomas Miller (30 June 1890 – 3 September 1958) was a Scottish footballer who played for Liverpool and the Scotland national team during the early part of the 20th century.
Career.
Club.
Born in Motherwell, Miller played for Larkhall United and Hamilton Academical before manager Tom Watson brought him to Anfield in February 1912 for £400. Miller made his debut in a home Football League First Division match against The Wednesday on 17 February 1912, a game that finished 1–1, his first goal came a fortnight later on 2 March, a division 1 match, again, at home, and again, in a 1–1 draw, this time with Middlesbrough, a game that saw the debut of a Liverpool great, winger Bill Lacey.
The inside forward was a main stay of the "Reds" line-up and helped the club reach their first FA Cup on 25 April 1914, unfortunately the game ended in a 1–0 defeat to Burnley. Despite the result the day will always be remembered as it was to be the last time the showpiece final was to be played at the Crystal Palace ground but, more significantly, it was also the first time the final was played in front of a reigning monarch, George V.
Miller's career was interrupted by World War I, but he did return to the Merseyside club in 1919 after its conclusion. He found success, scoring 13 goals in 25 matches, better than a goal every other game. His younger brother John was also at the club by this time but they only appeared in three games together, and John only made the first team eight times in all; the first time the siblings appeared together was in a league game at Boundary Park against Oldham on 2 April 1920, a game that finished 1–1. Two other Miller brothers, William and Adam were also footballers with Hamilton Accies, the latter playing over 250 times for the club.
This 1919–20 season was to be Miller's last for the "Reds" as he was transferred to bitter rivals Manchester United on 23 September 1920, although not before he managed to earn himself a descent goals-per-game ratio at Anfield scoring 56 times in 146 appearances (averaging a goal every 2.6 games). After a season at Old Trafford, Miller later played for Heart of Midlothian, Torquay, Hamilton for a second spell and Raith Rovers before he drew a curtain on his playing career. He had a short spell as manager of Barrow, during which he recruited his brother John.
International.
Miller played for Scotland at international level and played three times, making his debut while he was at Liverpool in a British Championship fixture at Hillsborough on 10 April 1920; Miller scored twice in the first half, but still finished on the losing side as England won 5–4 after being 4–2 down at half-time. He won two further caps in 1921 while at Manchester United (including the coveted England fixture) despite enduring a poor spell at club level, his cause helped by a strong performance and goal in the 'Home Scots v Anglo-Scots' trial match of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="7023458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023458" title="There It Go (The Whistle Song)">
There It Go (The Whistle Song)

"There It Go (The Whistle Song)" is a song by American rapper Juelz Santana, released as the second single from his second studio album "What the Game's Been Missing!". It is his highest-charting single to date, peaking at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was featured in the film "" but was not included on the soundtrack. A recognizable aspect of the song is the whistling that occurs during the chorus. The song does not have any melody, only the drums (kicks and claps) and percussions (whistles, shakes and cowbells).
The song first hit "Billboard" "Bubbling Under" chart at number 119 on October 7, 2005. The next week, it crossed over to the Hot 100 chart at number 88, rising to number 6 on January 27, 2006. The song showed its staying power by peaking at number 6 on "Billboard" Recurrent Hot 100 on March 31, 2006. "The New York Times" quoted Santana as saying about the song's structure, "I decided to simplify a little bit more. I knew that the whistle would be something that people could come back to – and be distinctive."
Music video.
The song also had a music video, in which Santana is about to attend a nightclub, when he gives a little boy, who is his nephew, Ja, a whistle. When asked on what it does, Santana suggests to "blow it and see what happens". Apparently, Santana himself is oblivious to what the whistle does. Throughout the video clip, Santana is seen going to nightclubs and parties, hanging out with attractive women, when all of a sudden they mysteriously leave him and his friends after the sound of a whistle, only to later discover that all the girls he was with ended up being around his nephew, from him blowing the whistle, Santana comes to the realization that the whistle he gave his nephew had the ability to attract any girl who was within the radius of the sound. Keyshia Cole makes a brief cameo during the beginning of the video.
Other versions.
American singer Jonn Hart released a single called "Whistle" featuring Too Short in August 2018, which heavily samples both "The Whistle Song" and Too Short's song, "Freaky Tales". A remix of the song featuring Santana was later released in November 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="7023464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023464" title="Thori Khushi Thora Gham">
Thori Khushi Thora Gham



</doc>
<doc id="7023472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023472" title="Oder Lagoon">
Oder Lagoon



</doc>
<doc id="7023479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023479" title="Chinjufu shōgun">
Chinjufu shōgun

The , also translated loosely as “commander-in-chief of the defense of the north”, was a military post in classical and feudal Japan. Under the command of the "seii taishōgun", the "chinjufu shōgun" was primarily responsible for the pacification of the Ezo people of northern Honshū and Hokkaidō, and Japan's defense against them.
The post was originally created during the Nara period. A military district, called was established as the "chinjufu shōgun's" area of authority. It was originally located in the fortress of Tagajō in what is now Miyagi Prefecture. However, it was moved further north in 801, after the "chinjufu shōgun" at the time, Sakanoue no Tamuramaro achieved a series of victories against the natives, pushing them further north. Once all of Honshū was conquered, or pacified, by the Japanese, the new base at Isawa came to be controlled by the various samurai clans of that region. The castle, along with the "chinjufu" military district and the position of "chinjufu shōgun", was abandoned in the early 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="7023484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023484" title="Post-op transsexual">
Post-op transsexual



</doc>
<doc id="7023489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023489" title="Via de La Plata">
Via de La Plata



</doc>
<doc id="7023490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023490" title="The Wind that Shakes the Barley (song)">
The Wind that Shakes the Barley (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7023512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023512" title="Go Now (film)">
Go Now (film)

Go Now is a 1995 television film directed by Michael Winterbottom and starring Robert Carlyle as an MS-afflicted construction worker and football player, living in Bristol with his girlfriend and struggling with the onset of multiple sclerosis.
It had a limited theatrical release in the United Kingdom and United States. It won the Prix Europa Television Programme of the Year 1995.
Reception.
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 60% approval rating based on 10 reviews, with an average ranking of 6/10.
Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a score of "B−".
Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" wrote that the film "depicts the onset of multiple sclerosis with force and accuracy, thanks to the understated precision of Carlyle's performance and the real fear and frustration he conveys".
According to Derek Elley of "Variety", the film "[is] a genre-busting an-them to life, love and friendship that's a further feather in the cap of multitalented Brit helmer Michael Winterbottom".

</doc>
<doc id="7023513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023513" title="Sabden Brook">
Sabden Brook

Sabden Brook is a small river running through Lancashire in England. It is long and has a catchment area of . Rising just to the west of Newchurch-in-Pendle, Sabden Brook moves westward through its well-defined valley past Sabden Hall to the village of Sabden east of the town of Whalley.
From there the brook turns southwesterly, widening out overlooked by Wiswell Moor and the ancient hillfort at Portfield, before conjoining with the waters of the River Calder at Cock Bridge near Read. Sabden is believed to have been derived from Old English words , meaning valley of the spruce trees. Brook (OE ) is a common name for a stream most often found in southern and central England.

</doc>
<doc id="7023515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023515" title="Mayor of Porto Alegre">
Mayor of Porto Alegre

The Mayor of Porto Alegre, Brazil, is the Chief Executive of the city. Mayors serve a four-year term, limited to one re-election. Mayoral activities are regulated by Sections IV, V, VI, Chapter VI of Porto Alegre City Charter. The current mayor is Sebastião Melo, since January 1st 2021; he is the 45th mayor of Porto Alegre.
Porto Alegre City Charter provides a succession line for any case of office vacancy. The first in line is the Deputy Mayor of Porto Alegre (who is elected in the same ticket of the Mayor), next is the Speaker of Porto Alegre City Council and, lastly, the Porto Alegre Attorney-General.
Duties of the Mayor of Porto Alegre.
Section V, Chapter VI enumerates duties of the Mayor of Porto Alegre. In general, the mayor has broad powers over Porto Alegre's bureaucracy, as Porto Alegre is set up to be in a strong mayor-council type of government. These are the duties of the Mayor of Porto Alegre, as set forth by Article 94, Section V, Chapter VI of Porto Alegre City Charter:

</doc>
<doc id="7023523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023523" title="Strive To Survive Causing The Least Suffering Possible">
Strive To Survive Causing The Least Suffering Possible



</doc>
<doc id="7023538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023538" title="Screen (software)">
Screen (software)



</doc>
<doc id="7023539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023539" title="City-county consolidation">
City-county consolidation



</doc>
<doc id="7023546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023546" title="Norries Wilson">
Norries Wilson

Norries Wilson (born June 24, 1965) is an American football coach and former player. Since 2017, he has been the director of player development at the University of Minnesota. He was the first African-American head football coach in the Ivy League when he began his tenure with the Columbia University football team in 2006.
He also has coached at Rutgers University, Bucknell University, Livingstone College, North Carolina Central University, was an offensive co-coordinator at Connecticut and was a graduate assistant at Minnesota.
A 1989 graduate of the University of Minnesota, Wilson was a captain, two-year starter and three-year letterwinner for the Gophers. He also earned two letters in wrestling, and qualified for the NCAA Championships as a heavyweight.
Coaching career.
Columbia.
Wilson was hired at Columbia following the 2005 season, during which the Lions finished 0–7 in the Ivy League, 2–8 overall.
Wilson joined Columbia after four years as offensive coordinator at the University of Connecticut. In 2004, he was a finalist for the Frank Broyles Award as the nation's top assistant coach.
With a victory over the Fordham Rams in the 2006 Liberty Cup, he became the first Columbia head football coach since Aldo T. "Buff" Donelli in 1957 to win his debut. When the Lions beat Georgetown the following week, he became the first since Hall of Famer Lou Little to start his career 2–0.
During his first season, Columbia ended a 16-game Ivy League losing streak with a 21–14 victory over Cornell. A 22–21 season-ending win at Brown gave the Lions their first consecutive league victories since 2003.
The Light Blue finished Wilson's inaugural campaign with those two league wins and a 5–5 record overall. It was the first time in a decade that the Lions had finished at .500, and it gave Wilson the highest career winning percentage among Columbia coaches since Charlie Crowley led the team to a 26–16–4 record from 1925 to 1929.
Wilson finished his six seasons at Columbia with a record of 10–32 in Ivy League play and 17–43 overall.
He was relieved of his position by Columbia Athletic Director Diane Murphy on Sunday, November 20, 2011, following a 1–9 season.
Rutgers.
After departing Columbia in 2011, Wilson was hired as a running backs coach and associate head coach by the Rutgers University. Rutgers had hired Kyle Flood as head coach after the departure of Greg Schiano to the National Football League's Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
In September 2015, Rutgers University officials suspended Flood for three games after an investigation into whether he improperly contacted a professor regarding a player's academic status and athletic eligibility. During Flood's suspension, Wilson filled in as interim head coach. Playing in State College, Pennsylvania, on September 19, Rutgers was trounced by the Penn State Nittany Lions, losing by a score of 28–3. The following week, on September 26, Rutgers defeated the visiting Kansas Jayhawks, 27–14. On October 10, Rutgers was defeated at home by Michigan State, 31–24, in his final game as interim head coach.
Wilson took responsibility for the quarterback spiking the ball on a fourth down play against Michigan State in 2015. Although he did not instruct the quarterback to do so.
Minnesota.
During the 2020 season, Wilson stepped in as interim-Offensive Line coach for the Gopher's game against Purdue University. Minnesota went on to win the game 34-31.

</doc>
<doc id="7023563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023563" title="Waadah Island">
Waadah Island

Waadah Island is an island situated in the Strait of Juan de Fuca, just north of Neah Bay in northwestern Clallam County, Washington, United States. The island has a land area of 164,940 square meters (40.76 acres) and has no human population.

</doc>
<doc id="7023564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023564" title="Schenck vs. United States">
Schenck vs. United States



</doc>
<doc id="7023565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023565" title="Tang gaozong">
Tang gaozong



</doc>
<doc id="7023567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023567" title="Legal transsexual">
Legal transsexual



</doc>
<doc id="7023568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023568" title="Semiporcelain">
Semiporcelain



</doc>
<doc id="7023571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023571" title="Fugates">
Fugates



</doc>
<doc id="7023572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023572" title="Tang gao zong">
Tang gao zong



</doc>
<doc id="7023574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023574" title="Schenck versus United States">
Schenck versus United States



</doc>
<doc id="7023575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023575" title="Tang gao-zong">
Tang gao-zong



</doc>
<doc id="7023577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023577" title="T'ang kao tsung">
T'ang kao tsung



</doc>
<doc id="7023581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023581" title="T'ang kao-tsung">
T'ang kao-tsung



</doc>
<doc id="7023584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023584" title="Virginia State Highway 112">
Virginia State Highway 112



</doc>
<doc id="7023587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023587" title="Shabrack">
Shabrack

A shabrack or shabraque (, ) is a saddlecloth, formerly used by European light cavalry.
The shabraque was an accoutrement of the hussar cavalry, based on the Hungarian horsemen in Austrian service who were widely imitated in European armies in the 18th and 19th centuries. The shabraque was a large cloth which in its original form, covered the Hungarian-style saddle, and was itself surmounted by a sheep or goat skin. The corners of the shabraque were rounded at the front and elongated into long points at the rear. It could be elaborately decorated with a contrasting border and a royal cypher or regimental crest. It was often discarded while on active service and by the start of the 20th century, was confined to ceremonial use; in the British Army, it is used by the Household Cavalry and by General Staff officers.

</doc>
<doc id="7023588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023588" title="Christopher Essex">
Christopher Essex

Christopher Essex (April 1945 – 13 September 2006) was an English Australian costumer and fashion designer whose client list included Tina Turner, Phyllis Diller, Dionne Warwick and Gail Lewis-Bearman. He was best known of his chic party dresses, ready-to-wear dresses and theatrical costumes/ Apart from being an Australian designer, he worked internationally with salon's in England and the United States.
Biography.
Essex grew up in Australia, attending the Australian Fashion Institute. He began his career by designing decorative accessories and casual outfits for men and women and displays at Mark Foy's, Sydney's leading department store at that time.
In the 1960s he opened his first salon, "Camille", in Hong Kong. Camille's customers included Bruce Lee and actress Nancy Kwan
An initial bout with cancer prompted Essex to return to Australia. His successful recovery prompted him to re-establish his career, designing costumes for stage productions such as "Get Happy", "Private Lives", "Hot Shoe Shuffle" and "Little Shop of Horrors" and the film "Strictly Ballroom".
Essex succumbed to a second bout of cancer at age 61. He died at Westmead Private Hospital in Westmead a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="7023589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023589" title="Ben-Hur (film)">
Ben-Hur (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7023590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023590" title="Fort Ellice">
Fort Ellice

Fort Ellice was a Hudson's Bay Company trading post that operated from 1794 to 1892. It was first established in February 1794 by John Sutherland on the Qu'Appelle River about upstream from its mouth at the Assiniboine River, and known as the Qu'Appelle River Post until it was destroyed by the North West Company in 1816.
The post was rebuilt in 1817 on the south bank of the Assiniboine River near Beaver Creek, hence the post was called Beaver Creek until 1824 when it closed. In 1831, the post was reopened under the name Fort Ellice, named after Edward Ellice, a British merchant and an investor in the Hudson's Bay Company. Fort Ellice in turn gave its name to the Rural Municipality of Ellice in west-central Manitoba and to Ellice Avenue, a major arterial road in Winnipeg.
It was an important fort, as it was a major stopping point on the Carlton Trail, which ran from the Red River Colony to Fort Edmonton. (The section leading from Upper Fort Garry to this district was commonly known as the Fort Ellice Trail.)
A second more elaborate structure was built in 1862 by the HBC, and in 1873, replaced Fort Pelly as the headquarters for the Swan River District. But its economic life was short-lived as the Company relinquished control of Rupert's Land with the 1870 Deed of Surrender. This deed transferred many HBC rights to the new Canadian national government.
The fort had one more important role to play in history; it acted as a staging point for part of the North-West Mounted Police (NWMP) force that started at Fort Dufferin and headed west in 1874 to establish law and order in the future provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. The fort acted as an NWMP post beginning in 1875.
In 1890, the Hudson's Bay Company sold the property to Thomas V. Wheeler, who conducted private business there until 1892.
The property where both forts were located is currently owned and managed by the Nature Conservancy of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="7023591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023591" title="Tang kao tsung">
Tang kao tsung



</doc>
<doc id="7023594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023594" title="Tang kao-tsung">
Tang kao-tsung



</doc>
<doc id="7023599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023599" title="Nature or nurture">
Nature or nurture



</doc>
<doc id="7023603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023603" title="Carol Ferris">
Carol Ferris

Caroline "Carol" Ferris is a fictional character appearing in the . She is one of many characters who has used the name Star Sapphire, and the long-time love interest of Hal Jordan, the Silver Age Green Lantern. In her role as Star Sapphire, Ferris has been active as both a supervillain and, more recently, as a superhero.
Ferris has appeared in various media outside comics, primarily in association with Green Lantern. Kari Wahlgren, Jennifer Hale, Olivia d'Abo, and others have voiced the character in animated television series and films. Furthermore, Ferris appears in the live-action film "Green Lantern", portrayed by Blake Lively.
Publication history.
Carol Ferris first appeared in "Showcase" #22, and was created by John Broome and Gil Kane. As a Star Sapphire, she first appeared in "Green Lantern" vol. 2 #16.
Fictional character biography.
Early history.
Carol Ferris is Ferris Aircraft's vice president, as well as the only child of aerospace mogul Carl Ferris and his wife Christine. She hires Hal Jordan and quickly finds herself attracted to him. He is secretly the superhero Green Lantern. However, the young couple's romance quickly becomes complicated when Carol takes over the company from her father. When the Zamarons discover that she is in love with Green Lantern, a servant of their estranged friends, the Guardians of the Universe, they brainwash her with the ring of the Star Sapphire, and command her to destroy him.
Star Sapphire and Green Lantern duel several times over the years. Each time Jordan defeats her, she reverts to normal. The two separate when Carol is engaged to Jason Belmore; later she is confined to a wheelchair. It is around this time that Carol finds out that Hal Jordan is Green Lantern.
Secret Origin.
The "" storyline revises parts of Carol and Hal's history. In this retelling, the two first meet when they are eight, as they watch Hal's father, Carl Ferris' best friend, experience mechanical problems with his plane. With a choice between crash landing in Coast City or the nearby desert, Hal's father chose to fly into the desert. Over the years, the guilt over the accident eats away at Carol's father, eventually driving him to sickness, forcing Carol to give up her dream of being a pilot and take over as CEO of Ferris Air. Unwilling to have people know of her father's illness, Carol tells them that he retired to Miami. Hal hated Ferris for what happened to his father, but, after discovering the truth, he and Carol find solace in each other's grief. However, their relationship is stifled by Carol's refusal to date employees.
Predator.
When Carol Ferris is cured of her evil Star Sapphire persona, she develops a third subconscious identity, the male "Predator". Deprived of Hal Jordan's love at the time, Carol finds everything she wants from a man in the Predator—masculinity, strength, and care. Physically separated from Carol's body, the Predator repeatedly appears as a mysterious figure, protecting Ferris Aircraft from the threats of Eclipso, the Demolition Team and Jason Bloch. He also establishes the company Intercontinental Petroleum (Con-Trol) to let her regain control of Ferris Aircraft. Finally, the Predator starts to court Carol (who does not know what the Predator really is) and battles Hal Jordan for her love. Hal defeats him and witnesses him merging with Carol into Star Sapphire.
Now fully evil, Carol takes over ruling Zamaron but her reign is short; the Zamarons, following the Crisis on Infinite Earths, abandon their queen and their homeworld to live in another dimension with their male counterparts, the Guardians of the Universe. Carol gets furious and vows revenge on Hal and the Green Lantern Corps. After several battles, Carol finds her chance to hurt her ex-lover and murder Katma Tui, whose power ring is rendered inert following the destruction of the main power battery on Oa. Hal keeps John Stewart (Katma's husband) from killing Carol, straining their friendship in the process.
In the third Green Lantern series, the nature of the Predator entity is retconned as being a parasite creature from the planet Maltus. The entity corrupted Carol and is responsible for making her murder Katma. The Green Lantern Corps purge Carol of the entity, saving her life in the process. But her time under the creature's control, along with the destruction of Coast City and the discovery that her father faked her mother's death, causes Carol to reject a distraught Hal Jordan. Instead, she opts to stay with her mother and find her own path.
However, Carol is not gone from the world of super-heroism for long. She becomes the administrator of Extreme Justice's Mount Thunder facility. Her time with the team comes with the revelation that she is pregnant, despite not having sex in a long time. She realizes that Star Sapphire was not a subconscious identity created by her, but an energy-based being who inhabited her body. The child in her womb was conceived when the Predator entity raped the first Star Sapphire. Shortly after she gives birth, Neron appears and offers to purge her of both Predator and Star Sapphire. Carol agrees, and then watches as the now separate entities are killed by Neron, who departs with their baby in his arms.
Ultimately though, the events of "Infinite Crisis" effectively wipe out the above-mentioned stories. "Blackest Night" #1 establishes that in an untold story, Carol gets free of the Star Sapphire persona sometime before Katma Tui's death. The Sapphire found a new, unnamed Star Sapphire, and it was she who committed the murder. Furthermore, much of the Predator's backstory is changed. "The Predator" is re-introduced as one of the manifestations in the emotional spectrum; the living embodiment of love. The entity is held by the Zamarons on their home world. It gets freed during Sinestro's liberation of his Yellow Lanterns during the 2009–2010 "Blackest Night" storyline.
End of Star Sapphire.
In "Green Lantern" (vol. 3) #119, Hal (as the Spectre) decides to visit Carol. He makes himself visible and tells Carol he is going to help her, but that she will not remember his visit. He reaches into Carol and pulls out the Star Sapphire gem, which causes Star Sapphire herself to re-emerge (it appeared she was previously killed by Neron, but somehow a part of her survived in Carol). The Spectre detains Star Sapphire and puts her back into the gem. He hands the gem to Carol and lets her finish the job, which she does (essentially finally killing the Star Sapphire persona that would take control of her), and starts feeling much better.
In "" #6, Hal and Carol finally come to terms with their relationship. In Northern California at Ferris Aircraft, Carol Ferris is reminiscing over her former life when a mysterious power revitalises and reforms the abandoned, condemned fields. Hal Jordan, using his powers as the Spectre, appears. She asks Hal whether he remembers anything from when he was the Spectre. Hal says he remembers it as if he were watching it from the outside. How Spectre thinks, and who he talked to beyond this life, Hal cannot recall. Hal apologizes for everything Carol had to go through. Carol says she survived and that she is not going to sell the airbase. She says that if Hal can rebuild his life, so can she, and that she is going to do so with her husband, Gil. Carol says that she can use a good pilot. Hal says that he appreciates the offer, but he has other plans.
Return.
The Star Sapphire crystal briefly possesses Carol, before detecting that Hal Jordan had feelings for his fellow pilot, Jillian "Cowgirl" Pearlman, and leaves Carol's body. She and Hal work together to free Cowgirl from the crystal. Knowing that she still loves Hal and that it is not fair to her husband, she files for divorce.
The Star Sapphires, sensing the heartache Carol has been carrying over Hal (Hal quit because he could not be near her without wanting to be with her and Carol does not date employees), chose her to become the first human member of the Star Sapphire Corps. She is seen wearing her original Star Sapphire costume, reciting the Corps' oath along with various other members of the Star Sapphires.
The "Blackest Night: Tales of the Corps" miniseries reveals the exchange between Carol and the violet ring sent to her. The ring says that all those chosen to wield the violet light must accept it willingly (this appears to overcome the controlling aspect of the violet light). It also tells Carol that she has a hole in her heart, as she has continually put aside her own happiness for the benefit of others. Because she is capable of doing this, Carol could become the most powerful Star Sapphire in the universe and is therefore the ideal choice to leads them. Carol refuses to accept the ring, which shows her a vision of the War of Light and indicates that Hal Jordan will not survive. It tells her that by accepting the ring, she can save him. Still having feelings for Hal, Carol accepts and is called back to Zamaron by Queen Aga'po. Carol's army awaits to defend the planet from the approaching Sinestro Corps.
In her first battle, Carol takes on Sinestro who says that he has never held ill will toward Carol and wonders why she is doing this for a man who has never truly given his heart toward her. The fight takes a turn when Carol attempts to encase him in one of the brainwashing crystals that the Zamarons use to "recruit" new followers. Sinestro lashes out after witnessing a vision of Arin Sur, his former love, blasting Carol across the battlefield. She is then subdued by Sinestro and two other Yellow Lanterns. Before he can capitalise on the advantage, the Black Lanterns invade, led by Amon Sur, shocking both Carol and Sinestro. The two are rescued from certain death by Hal and the Indigo Tribe. The group escapes Zamaron moments before Black Lantern rings reanimate the bodies of the two beings whose love fueled the Star Sapphire's central power battery, devastating the planet in the process. For some reason, the loss of the Star Sapphire's power source does not seem to affect Carol's powers. It is revealed that the Queen was powering the violet rings in the absence of the central power battery; this, however, is causing her to age.
After a failed attempt to combine the light of her power ring with the six lights coming from the other Corps-Leaders makes Nekron able to possess resurrected heroes, Ganthet forces a secret protocol in her ring, forcing Carol to seek out a deputy. Eventually, she deputizes Wonder Woman as a temporary Star Sapphire, due to her great ability to feel love, thus undoing Nekron's control of the Amazon. The Lanterns are then attacked by the Black Lantern Spectre. In an attempt to stop the Spectre, Hal releases Parallax's essence, deciding to join with him again to fight back. Carol tries to stop Hal, but he refuses to be swayed. Carol kisses Hal, telling him "I love you", before Hal allows Parallax to possess him. In the epilogue of "Blackest Night", Carol wants to talk to Hal about their relationship, but Sinestro comes along and interrupts their talk to serve his own goals. She is in Las Vegas where she takes on the Predator who has possessed a man who is infatuated with a young woman to the point of obsession. She frees him from the Predator by kissing him. After that, Carol and Hal are taken to Zamaron. The Queen gives her life to sustain the central power battery and gives her title to Carol Ferris.
During the "Brightest Day" storyline, Queen Khea opens a portal from Hawkworld to Zamaron. She and her start an invasion on Zamaron when Carol and the Predator appear. Carol battles the Hawk family Hawkman and Hawkgirl to a standstill while trying not to destroy the universe. She is saved by Hawkman and Hawkgirl. They manage to do this because of their great love for each other, a greater love than she and Hal Jordan could ever have. Carol and the other leaders of the color corps are later sucked into the Black Book, although Hal is able to escape with her ring. Guy Gardner later uses Carol's ring along with Atrocitus's Red Lantern ring to remove Parallax from the central power battery. Hal and Kyle Rayner rescue her and the rest of those stuck in there from the Black Book. After Krona is killed by Hal, she reclaims the violet ring of the Zamarons. When Hal is stripped of his ring, she returns with him to Earth.
The New 52.
In 2011, "The New 52" rebooted the DC universe. Carol, having renounced her role as a Star Sapphire (although she retains her power ring), bails Hal Jordan out of jail after he saw a woman being attacked on a film shoot and thinks it's real. Carol offers Hal a job at Ferris Aircraft, but not as a pilot because of insurance issues. Hal asks her out to dinner and Carol thinks he is going to propose. When he does not, she walks out on him and drives away, leaving him without a ride. Later, Carol is shocked by the TV news and finds Hal was working with Sinestro. After Hal returns to Earth, he asks Carol to take him back after telling her she is the one person he thought of when he thought he was going to die. Carol accepts Hal's apology and they renew their relationship.
When Sinestro forces Hal to assist him by threatening to kill Carol, she dons the Star Sapphire ring so that she can eventually help Hal, but Hal and Sinestro are confronted by the Indigo Tribe, who take both of them and teleport away.
When Kyle Rayner comes to Ferris Aircraft looking for Hal, he and Carol witness Hal and Sinestro fighting Black Hand, prompting Carol to re-don her Star Sapphire ring to help Kyle fight off Black Hand's Black Lanterns. However, when they arrive at the scene of the fight, they discover nothing but more 'conventional' zombies and are informed that Hal and Sinestro are apparently dead. However, Carol rejects the idea that Hal is dead as the link between her heart and his which she can sense via her ring is still intact, with her ring's visions informing her that Kyle must unite the powers of all seven Corps in himself to stop this latest threat.
When the First Lantern is freed, he begins to drain off all the Lantern Corps of their emotions, minds, and memories with the intention of seeing how their life choices had changed them. In the illusions of Carol, she is battling the Atlantean warship on the carrier, but she eventually regains her Star Sapphire ring and escapes from the First Lantern's influencing powers. Carol locates Kyle and helps him after he is attacked by the First Lantern.
After getting a lock on Sinestro's location, Carol and Kyle arrive at the planet Korugar's ruins, where Sinestro attacks them both, blaming them for his home's destruction by the First Lantern. When Carol demands to know where Hal is, Sinestro states that Hal is dead, but Carol refuses to believe him and attacks. While they attack Sinestro, Green Lanterns Simon Baz and B'dg arrive and subdue Sinestro. Simon (who met Hal) tells Carol that Hal is alive, but trapped in the Dead Zone. In the final battle, Carol and the reserve Lantern Corps attack the First Lantern. When the First Lantern is finally destroyed, Carol reunites with Hal after he escapes from the Dead Zone.
Despite her past with Hal, Carol goes on to develop feelings for Kyle as she spends more time with him as he explores his White Lantern abilities, to the extent that she is one of the few people aware of his survival after he seemingly sacrifices himself to recharge the emotional spectrum. When Kyle splits the White Lantern ring into seven after realizing that the power is too great for him to control on his own, he chooses Carol as one of the six new members of the White Lantern Corps; however, she decides to keep her violet ring.
DC Rebirth.
In 2016, DC Comics implemented another relaunch of its books called "DC Rebirth", which restored its continuity to a form much as it was prior to "The New 52". Carol is able to sense Hal's actions when he creates a ring out of willpower. Sometime later, Carol returns to Earth, and has broken up with Kyle Rayner. Hal thinks about her throughout the "Hal Jordan and the Green Lantern Corps" run, and his greatest desire is revealed to be having a family with her, as previously shown in the Book of Oa. When Carol and Hal finally reunite, they kiss.
Dawn of DC.
Carol Ferris has broken up with Hal Jordan for unknown reasons, has given up her power ring, and is dating Nathan Broome. Hal Jordan asks to work for her, is briefly fired due to his recklessness, but is hired as her pilot. During the "Knight Terrors" event, Carol and Hal are among the heroes attacked by Insomnia. Hal Jordan's recent actions with Sinestro has caused Ferris Air to lose all of their military contacts which makes her company nearly bankrupt. While slightly intoxicated at a bar, she asks Nathan to marry her, and they travel to Las Vegas to hold a make-shift ceremony at a superhero theme chapel. Before they can exchange their vows, her Star Sapphire Ring appears in front of her. She realized Hal is in need of help and that she still has feelings for him. She abandons Nathan, leading him to awaken the emotional spectrum of sorrow. 
In the "DC All In" initiative, Carol Ferris joins the Justice League.
Powers and abilities.
Carol is a capable pilot and administrator. As Star Sapphire, she can fly, survive in space, create constructs, and heal others using love energy.
Reception.
Carol Ferris was ranked 36th in "Comics Buyer's Guide's" "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list. Star Sapphire was ranked fourth on Comicverse's "Top 5 DC Comics Villains Turned Heroic" list.

</doc>
<doc id="7023604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023604" title="Shabraque">
Shabraque



</doc>
<doc id="7023610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023610" title="Virginia State Highway 114">
Virginia State Highway 114



</doc>
<doc id="7023624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023624" title="Zhuge Luo">
Zhuge Luo



</doc>
<doc id="7023625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023625" title="North Carolina Highway 101">
North Carolina Highway 101

North Carolina Highway 101 (NC 101) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina that serves as a shortcut for U.S. Route 70 (US 70). It links Havelock to Beaufort, bypassing Morehead City. Most of the area along NC 101 is rural with many farms and swamps.
Route description.
NC 101 begins at a traffic light along US 70 in Havelock. NC 101 continues east from US 70 along Fontana Boulevard south of the Cherry Point Military Base. As NC 101 continues eastward it passes farms and forest along the routing. NC 101 meets up with the southern terminus of NC 306 south of the Minnesott Beach Ferry. At this point, the highway becomes concurrent with North Carolina Bicycle Route 7. NC 101 continues to the east before reaching North Harlowe at the edge of the Croatan National Forest. NC 101 then turns south to cross into Carteret County. After three more miles NC 101 enters the town of Harlowe. NC 101 turns eastward and leaves the Croatan National Forest before crossing the Intracoastal Waterway near Core Point.
After crossing the Intracoastal Waterway, NC 101 heads a southeastern direction towards Beaufort. The concurrency with Bike Route 7 ends at Laurel Road south of the Intracoastal Waterway. NC 101 parallels the Intracoastal waterway the rest of the way, passing waterfront neighborhoods on the west side of the road and farms on the east side. As NC 101 enters Beaufort, it passes to the east of Michael J. Smith Field and reaches an intersection with US 70 opened in late January 2018. NC 101 ends at a stop sign with Live Oak Street in Beaufort.
History.
NC 101 was an original state highway appearing on a 1922 state map of North Carolina. NC 101 started at former NC 10 south of Havelock. NC 101 then went southeast through the town of Newport, and the communities of Mansfield and Wildwood. NC 101 had its eastern terminus in Morehead City. In 1928 NC 10 and NC 101 swapped routing. When NC 10 and US 70 were extended to Atlantic in 1931, NC 101 was truncated east of Beaufort. The routing has been the same since 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="7023627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023627" title="Connecticut Route 161">
Connecticut Route 161

Route 161 is a state highway in southeastern Connecticut, running from the shoreline village of Niantic in East Lyme to the village of Chesterfield in Montville.
Route description.
Route 161 begins as Pennsylvania Avenue at an intersection with Route 156 in the village of Niantic in East Lyme. It proceeds north for , curving left then turning right onto Flanders Road. Route 161 continues north for another until it reaches the interchange with I-95 (at exit 74). After crossing under I-95, it continues for another to the Boston Post Road US 1 in the village of Flanders, where it becomes Chesterfield Road. In this area, one can access East Lyme High School and the Flanders Shopping Plaza from Route 161. The road continues north through the northeastern portion of the town of East Lyme for before entering the town of Montville, where the road name changes to Flanders Road. The road turns northeast for another to end at an intersection with Route 85 in the village of Chesterfield.
History.
The Niantic-Flanders-Chesterfield road was a primary state highway in the 1920s known as Highway 188. In the 1932 state highway renumbering, Route 161 was created from the northern half of old Highway 188, running from US 1 in Flanders to Route 85 in Chesterfield. In 1950, Route 161 was extended south to Niantic along former SR 669. At an unconfirmed time after 1965, a section near East Pattagansett Road in East Lyme was rerouted for safety reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="7023632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023632" title="808 Drums">
808 Drums



</doc>
<doc id="7023633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023633" title="Virginia State Highway 117">
Virginia State Highway 117



</doc>
<doc id="7023640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023640" title="Political Majority">
Political Majority



</doc>
<doc id="7023642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023642" title="Cashel Byron's Profession">
Cashel Byron's Profession

Cashel Byron's Profession is George Bernard Shaw's fourth novel. The novel was written in 1882 and after rejection by several publishers it was published in serialized form in a socialist magazine. The novel was later published as a book in England and the United States. Shaw wrote five novels early in his career and then abandoned them to pursue politics, drama criticism and eventually play writing. The Admirable Bashville (1901), a short play based loosely on this novel, was written to protect American copyrights after the novel became unexpectedly successful in the United States.
Synopsis.
Preface.
In Shaw's preface "Novels of my Nonage", written in 1901, he disparages his early work, including "Cashel Byron's Profession": "...people will admire [the author] for the feats any fool can achieve, and bear malice against him for boring them with better work." He also resurrects a heavily edited Robert Louis Stevenson quote used to promote the book. The full text of the quote breaks down the story into parts, including one part “blooming gaseous folly”.
Novel.
The novel follows Cashel Byron, a world champion prizefighter, as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession.
Lydia is portrayed as a moral and intelligent woman (although "priggish" according to Shaw) and is constantly contrasted with the "ruffian" Cashel. Lydia was advised by her recently deceased father to find a husband with a profession, as opposed to an idle gentleman or an art critic like her father. 
Cashel’s childhood ends when he runs away from school to Australia and becomes apprentice to an ex-world champion boxer. When Cashel goes to England to secure his world title in that country he meets Lydia at her country manor. After much miscommunication and drawing room comedy, Cashel gives up boxing and succeeds in marrying Lydia. As in his postscript to "Pygmalion" (1912), in which he describes Eliza Doolittle's future life, Shaw chose to portray the Byron marriage in a realistic manner and narrates how Lydia comes to regard Cashel as "one of the children".
Postscript.
According to "Note on Modern Prizefighting" (1901) Shaw intended the fights described in "Cashel Byron's Profession" to turn the public away from the sport but the novel is written in such a light-hearted tone this unlikely result never materialized.
Adaptations.
The British musical "Bashville", first performed in 1983, was adapted from the play "The Admirable Bashville".
Reception.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote in a letter to William Archer:
What am I to say?  I have read your friend’s book with singular relish.  If he has written any other, I beg you will let me see it; and if he has not, I beg him to lose no time in supplying the deficiency.  It is full of promise; but I should like to know his age.  There are things in it that are very clever, to which I attach small importance; it is the shape of the age.  And there are passages, particularly the rally in presence of the Zulu king, that show genuine and remarkable narrative talent—a talent that few will have the wit to understand, a talent of strength, spirit, capacity, sufficient vision, and sufficient self-sacrifice, which last is the chief point in a narrator.
As a whole, it is (of course) a fever dream of the most feverish.  Over Bashville the footman I howled with derision and delight; I dote on Bashville—I could read of him for ever; "de Bashville je suis le fervent"—there is only one Bashville, and I am his devoted slave; "Bashville est magnifique, mais il n’est guère possible".  He is the note of the book.  It is all mad, mad and deliriously delightful; the author has a taste in chivalry like Walter Scott’s or Dumas’, and then he daubs in little bits of socialism; he soars away on the wings of the romantic griffon—even the griffon, as he cleaves air, shouting with laughter at the nature of the quest—and I believe in his heart he thinks he is labouring in a quarry of solid granite realism.

</doc>
<doc id="7023643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023643" title="Deyá">
Deyá



</doc>
<doc id="7023654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023654" title="Ytste Skotet">
Ytste Skotet

Ytste Skotet is a complete, preserved, historical farm located in Fjord Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The historic farmyard and museum, which is part of the Sunnmøre Museum Foundation, is located on the steep shores of the Storfjorden in the Sunnmøre district of the county. The farm is located across the fjord from the village of Dyrkorn. The "Storfjordens Venner" association owns "Ytste Skotet" and has orchestrated the restoration of the farm. The foundation "Ytste Skotet" administers the farm's operation and maintenance, employs workers, and serves as general manager.
Operation.
The farm is well preserved and maintained. It is a typical pre-industrial operation that remained in use until modern times; the activities still shown here are representative of the old ways of the mountain-and-fjord farms along the Storfjorden. The fishing in the fjord was an important contribution to the farm household economy. The mountain dairy farm (or støl) was still in use, but in the most recent years the cheese was made at the farm rather than at the "støl". The farm grew barley and oats and had timber sufficient for their own use. To get enough fodder, they harvested hay in the outlying fields; the hay was stored in outlying barns and transported home on a sledge when appropriate snow conditions existed. The buildings and the cultivated landscape, as preserved, reflect this way of operating the farm.
History.
The place is mentioned in Middle Ages sources such as the Flateyarbok, Formannsogur, and Heimskringla. Tradition as documented in the sagas tells that there was a farm by this name at this location in the days of King Håkon the Good (i.e., the 10th century). After the serious depopulation of the region resulting from the Black Death in the late 1340s, the farm was again mentioned in historic records in 1606. There are also undocumented sites of constructions which have been identified on the farm.
Ane Karoline Vidhammar was the last farmer at "Ytste Skotet"; she operated the farm with her son, Knut Olav, and her daughter, Jenny Olea, until the farm was vacated in 1954. The place lay fallow until 1989 when the property, comprising , was assigned to the "Storfjordens Venner" () foundation, which has rehabilitated the buildings and the cultivated landscape. The place has been restored to represent it as it existed when the farm was last in operation.
Name.
Ytste Skotet is one of three related farms. The other two are "Me-Skotet" ("me" is local dialect for "middle") and "Inste Skotet" ("inste" is local dialect for innermost). The name "Skotet" (pronounced: Skøt-e where "ø" sounds like the "u" in "curling" and the "e" like the "o" in fjord) signifies a high elevation projecting point of land.
Future.
Norsk Kulturråd, the Culture Council of Norway, has selected "Ytste Skotet" to be one of nine projects in Norway working under the motto "Children, youngsters, and museums". The farm has become a pilot project and the very preservation assumes continuation of the old ways of operating. In the summer season, the foundation receives schools and visitors and keeps courses with possibilities for serving and accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="7023657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023657" title="Thurgood Marshall School of Law">
Thurgood Marshall School of Law

The Thurgood Marshall School of Law (TMSL) is the ABA-accredited law school of Texas Southern University, a historically Black public university in Houston, Texas. It awards Juris Doctor and Master of Law degrees. Thurgood Marshall School of Law is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and Association of American Law Schools.
History.
The history of TMSL can be traced back to a 1946 lawsuit implicating protections for racial minorities under the U.S. Constitution, "Sweatt v. Painter", brought by Heman M. Sweatt, and tried by Thurgood Marshall. The Texas Constitution mandated separate but equal facilities for whites and blacks. Sweatt was refused admission to the University of Texas School of Law because he was black. In order to pre-empt the possibility of Sweatt obtaining a successful court order, the legislature passed Texas State Senate Bill 140, which established a university to offer courses of higher learning in law, pharmacy, dentistry, journalism, education, arts and sciences, literature, medicine, and other professional courses. It opened in 1946 as the "Texas State University for Negroes," and later changed its name in Texas Southern University in 1951.
In 2016, TMSL began to offer a Master of Laws in Immigration and Naturalization Law. The program is the first Masters of Law program in the nation to focus on immigration law.
In 2017, The American Bar Association (ABA) formally censured the school as "being out of compliance with its nondiscrimination standard as well as the standard that requires disclosure of information to the ABA. More specifically, an ABA site visit team found evidence of gender discrimination and sexual harassment at the law school" and was "required to establish a plan to eliminate gender discrimination and sex harassment." Months prior, the ABA had also "found Texas Southern University School of Law (TMSL) out of compliance with the standards meant to ensure schools only admit students who appear capable of graduating and passing the bar." In 2020, the ABA concluded TMSL was in compliance with all accreditation standards.
Admissions and student demographics.
Of the 1,914 students who applied to TMSL to start in fall 2024, 682 were accepted (a 35.63% admission rate), and 209 of those offered admission enrolled (a 28.45% yield rate). The enrolled students had an average LSAT score of 150, and an average college GPA of 3.21. The reported 25th/75th percentile LSAT scores and GPAs were 148/152 and 2.73/3.61.
As of October, 2024, out of a student body of 551 members, 298 were African-American, 26 Asian-American, 50 White, 167 Hispanic, 4 American Indian or Alaska Native, and 6 Unknown, for a Total People of Color of 495.
Ranking.
For 2025, the law school was ranked No.178-195 out of 196 schools (bottom 9.2% at most) by "U.S. News &amp; World Report".
Bar passage rate.
For July 2024 first time takers, TMSL students had a bar examination passage rate of 75.91% for the Texas Bar Examination, while they had a first-time passage rate of 63.45% for all jurisdictions in 2023.
Employment.
According to Thurgood Marshall's official 2022 ABA-required disclosures, 53% of the Class of 2022 obtained full-time, long-term, JD-required employment nine months after graduation.
Costs.
The total estimated cost of attendance (indicating the cost of tuition, fees) at Thurgood Marshall for the 2018-2019 academic year is $43,095 for residents and $50,318 for nonresidents.
TMSL Library.
The TMSL Library housed within the law school building has over 350,000 volumes and volume equivalents.
Notable alumni.
Notable graduates of TSML include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="7023658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023658" title="The Dudley Family">
The Dudley Family



</doc>
<doc id="7023660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023660" title="Virginia State Highway 120">
Virginia State Highway 120



</doc>
<doc id="7023661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023661" title="My Buddy's Booty">
My Buddy's Booty



</doc>
<doc id="7023662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023662" title="Kochō and Asuka">
Kochō and Asuka



</doc>
<doc id="7023665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023665" title="The Devil in the White City">
The Devil in the White City

The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair That Changed America is a 2003 historical non-fiction book by Erik Larson presented in a novelistic style. Set in Chicago during the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, it tells the story of World’s Fair architect Daniel Burnham and of H. H. Holmes, a criminal figure widely considered the first serial killer in the United States. Leonardo DiCaprio purchased the film rights in 2010. The concept has since been in development hell.
Plot.
"The Devil in the White City" is in four parts, the first three happening in Chicago between 1890 and 1893, while part four of the book takes place in Philadelphia "circa" 1895. The book interweaves the true tales of Daniel Burnham, the architect behind the 1893 World's Fair, and H. H. Holmes, a serial killer who lured his victims to their deaths in his elaborately constructed "Murder Castle".
Burnham ran into many challenges when it came to the World's Fair including a fire, difficulty engineering the buildings to be safe, and a lack of funds for the fair. H. H. Holmes was responsible for multiple murders. His "dungeon" was equipped with secret rooms, torture chambers, and he had access to a big furnace to cremate the bodies of his victims. Holmes was known as a charming man who had the ability to seduce his victims. In the book he mainly targets women.
Other subplots include events such as the assassination of Chicago Mayor Carter Harrison III by Patrick Eugene Prendergast mere days before the close of the fair.
Reception.
Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" praised the book as "vivid" and "lively", and commented on how the research done by Larson on the many "odd and amazing" events of the 1893 exhibition are "given shape and energy" by his "dramatic inclinations".
David Traxel for "The New York Times" criticized Larson for having "little sense of pacing or focus" in the "grab-bag" approach he took when discussing the exhibition. Regarding the discussion of Holmes in the book, he writes that Larson's "imaginative touches…sometimes goes farther than the sources warrant".
In a review for Newsweek, Malcolm Jones wrote "only in the notes at the back of the book does [Larson] admit that the chapters describing Holmes's murders are merely conjecture built on a handful of facts"; even so, the story of the fair was "too enchanting" so even that "grave misstep can't doom" the book.
Adaptations.
In 2007, a television documentary inspired by the book titled "Madness in the White City" aired on the National Geographic Channel.
Ann Reinking collaborated with composer Bruce Wolosoff and Melissa Thodos of Thodos Dance Chicago to create the ballet "The Devil in the White City", based on the novel; the Chicago Sun-Times named it "Best Dance of 2011".
Leonardo DiCaprio purchased the film rights to the book in 2010. The film version, as originally planned, would have been directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Billy Ray, and produced jointly by Paramount Pictures, Double Feature Films, and DiCaprio's Appian Way Productions. In January 2025, 20th Century Studios revived the adaptation, with Scorsese and DiCaprio still attached to direct and star, respectively.
In 2019, Hulu began developing a series based on the book. DiCaprio and Scorsese were signed on to executive produce. It was announced in January 2022 that actor Keanu Reeves was in negotiations to star in the series and Todd Field would direct the first two episodes. Production and filming were expected to begin March 2023 in Chicago and Toronto, with the series expected to launch in 2024. In October 2022, Reeves left the production without comment. Field left the project a couple of days later. In March 2023, it was reported that Hulu would not move forward with the series. The show is being shopped to other distributors without Reeves or Field attached.

</doc>
<doc id="7023666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023666" title="Fasole cu cârnați">
Fasole cu cârnați

Fasole cu cârnați ("beans with sausages", ) is a popular Romanian dish, consisting of baked beans and sausages. A variation replaces the sausages with "afumătură" (smoked meat).
Also a traditional Army dish, "fasole cu cârnați" is prepared by Army cooks and served freely to the crowds during the National Day celebrations (on 1 December) in Bucharest and Alba Iulia. The main ingredients for this dish are: beans, smoked pork, carrots, onions, tomatoes, parsnip, tomato sauce and bay leaf.

</doc>
<doc id="7023670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023670" title="3.7 cm FlaK 18">
3.7 cm FlaK 18



</doc>
<doc id="7023672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023672" title="PUTJ">
PUTJ



</doc>
<doc id="7023673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023673" title="3.7 cm FlaK 36/37">
3.7 cm FlaK 36/37



</doc>
<doc id="7023676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023676" title="The Pride and the Passion">
The Pride and the Passion

The Pride and the Passion is a 1957 American Napoleonic-era war film in Technicolor and VistaVision from United Artists, produced and directed by Stanley Kramer, starring Cary Grant, Frank Sinatra, and Sophia Loren. The film co-stars Theodore Bikel and Jay Novello.
The film's storyline concerns a British Royal Navy artillery officer who has orders to retrieve a huge siege cannon from Spain and transport it by ship to British forces. First, however, the leader of the Spanish guerrillas wants to transport the weapon across Spain to help in the recapture of the city of Ávila from the occupying French before he releases it to the British. Most of the film deals with the hardships of transporting the large cannon to Ávila across rivers and over mountains, while also evading the occupying French forces that have been ordered to find it. A sub-plot concerns the struggle for the love of the Spanish woman Juana (Loren) by the two male protagonists.
The film story and screenplay by Edna Anhalt and Edward Anhalt are loosely based on the 1933 novel "The Gun" by C. S. Forester. Earl Felton contributed an uncredited screenplay re-write, George Antheil composed the music score, and Saul Bass designed the opening title sequence.
The film's music score was the last important work by George Antheil, once famous as the "bad boy of music" in the 1920s. It is the only one of Antheil's many film scores to have been preserved on a commercial soundtrack recording.
Plot.
During the Peninsular War, Napoleon's armies overrun Spain. An enormous siege cannon, belonging to the Spanish army, is abandoned when it slows down the army's retreat. French cavalrymen are dispatched to find it.
Britain, Spain's ally, sends a Royal Navy ordnance officer, Captain Anthony Trumbull, to find the huge cannon and see that it is handed over to British forces before it can be retrieved by the French. However, when Trumbull arrives at the Spanish headquarters, he finds that it has been evacuated and is now occupied by a guerrilla band led by the French-hating Miguel. Miguel shows Trumbull the abandoned cannon's location at the bottom of a steep ravine. He says he will only help move the huge gun if it is first used against the fortified walls of Ávila, which Miguel is obsessed with capturing. During their association, the two men grow to dislike each other. One cause of their enmity is Miguel's mistress, Juana, who falls in love with Trumbull.
Meanwhile, sadistic General Jouvet, the French commander of the French forces in Ávila, orders the execution of 10 Spanish hostages daily until information on the cannon's whereabouts is surrendered. The cannon has, in fact, been recovered and undergoes an arduous journey across Spain toward Ávila.
The guerrilla band, whose ranks have swelled considerably, almost lose the cannon when General Jouvet deploys artillery at a mountain pass that they must use to get to Ávila. With help from the local populace, the band gets the cannon through, despite heavy losses, although it rolls down a long hillside and is damaged, becoming partially dismounted from its transport carriage.
The cannon is moved and hidden inside a cathedral while it is repaired. Afterwards, it is disguised as an ornamental processional platform during a Catholic Holy Week religious procession in order to move it past the occupying French. French officers, however, are informed of the cannon's cathedral location, but by the time they arrive, it has been repaired and moved, leaving no trace that it was ever there.
When the cannon finally arrives at the guerrillas' camp on the plains outside Ávila, Trumbull and Miguel prepare to attack the city. However, Ávila is defended by strong walls, eighty cannon and a garrison of French troops. Trumbull explains to the assembled guerilla force that half their number will be killed by various types of French artillery shot and grouped rifle fire during their assault wave. Later, he tries to convince Juana not to participate in the battle, but, having come so far, the next day she goes with the men.
Trumbull repeatedly fires the huge siege cannon, its large solid shot slowly demolishing one section of Ávila's high walls. Despite suffering heavy losses as they charge forward, the guerrillas pour through the city's breached wall and overwhelm the French forces. General Jouvet is killed, and the last French troops are overrun and killed in the town square. After the battle, Trumbull bids farewell to a dying Juana and then places Miguel's dead body at the foot of the statue of Ávila's patron saint Saint Teresa. After securing the huge cannon for its long journey to England, Trumbull leaves Ávila with troubled memories of his adventures across Spain.
Production.
The film was shot on location in Spain amid persistent rumors that Sinatra took his part only to be near his wife, Ava Gardner, with whom he was having marital problems. Gardner was away from Sinatra for her role in "The Sun Also Rises" (1957), which was being shot in various locales around Europe, including Spain. When he realized there was to be no reconciliation, Sinatra hurriedly left the production, asking director Stanley Kramer to condense his scenes into a more abbreviated shooting schedule; Kramer obliged. Conversely, Cary Grant was pleased to be away from his troubled marriage to Betsy Drake and pursued a serious romance with co-star Sophia Loren, but Loren went on to marry her mentor and agent Carlo Ponti later that year. They would remain together until his death in 2007.
Despite the film's production difficulties, Kramer was nominated by the Directors Guild of America for Outstanding Directorial Achievement.
On March 14, 2011, BBC Radio 4's "Afternoon Play" broadcast "The Gun Goes to Hollywood" by Mike Walker, which imagined the behind-the-scenes drama of the Kramer production, including Sinatra leaving the production early and Grant falling in love with co-star Loren. The play was staged from the viewpoint of script doctor Earl Felton, who had been drafted to save the day. The play was directed by Kate McAll, and the cast included Steven Weber as Earl Felton, Gregory Itzin as Cary Grant, Kate Steele as Sophia Loren, Jonathan Silverman as Frank Sinatra and Jonathan Getz as Stanley Kramer.
The cannon appears to have been based on the Jaivana Cannon, a real prototype from Jaipur, India, which still exists. It is one of the largest cannons ever constructed.
The color of Captain Turnbull's naval uniform appears more intended to show off Technicolor than to depict any historical British Navy Blue, which is much darker. This color choice brings his jacket very close to the French enemy's blue uniform color.
Reception.
Opening to mixed reviews on July 10, 1957, "The Pride and The Passion" was successful, spurred by the popularity of the leading actors. With US rentals of $3.5 million, from a gross of $8.75 million, and worldwide rentals of $6.7 million, it was one of the 20 highest-grossing films of 1957. However, high production costs caused the film to lose $2.5 million.
"Variety" praised the film's production values, saying "Top credit must go to the production. The panoramic, long-range views of the marching and terribly burdened army, the painful fight to keep the gun mobile through ravine and over waterway – these are major pluses." In 1998, Author Ephraim Katz described the film as "overblown empty epic nonsense."
Isabel Quigly reviewed the film for The Spectator on October 18, 1957: “With Stanley Kramer producing and directing, two such interesting actors as Frank Sinatra and Sophia Loren, a first-rate story (from C. S. Forester's The Gun), and some magnificent Spanish scenery, "The Pride and the Passion" might have been, and should have been, something very much better than it is. It ought to have been at least exciting, which it isn't. The fault lies mainly with three things: the script, Cary Grant, and the music. The script wins the year's prize for fatuity, Mr. Grant plays an English naval officer with the alarmed rigidity of an inexperienced sword- swallower, and the music bellows almost without pause from start to finish….Parts of this mostly dogged and long-winded film are impressive, mostly those where the landscape is allowed to take over…”
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 30% of ten critics gave the film a positive review, with an average rating of 4.8/10.

</doc>
<doc id="7023680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023680" title="3.7 cm Flakzwilling">
3.7 cm Flakzwilling



</doc>
<doc id="7023681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023681" title="Lillian Goldman Law Library">
Lillian Goldman Law Library

The Lillian Goldman Law Library in Memory of Sol Goldman, commonly known as the Yale Law Library, is the law library of Yale Law School. It is located in the Sterling Law Building and has almost 800,000 volumes of print materials and about 10,000 active serial titles, in which there are 200,000 volumes of foreign and international law materials. The library was named after a US$20 million donation made by Lillian Goldman, widow of real estate magnate Sol Goldman.
Hillary Rodham and Bill Clinton first met there.
Facilities.
The library is contained within five stories on the eastern wing of the Sterling Law Building, completed in 1931 and designed by James Gamble Rodgers. The library's main reading room, named for the Class of 1964, is located on the library's third story. Employing the Collegiate Gothic style used throughout the law school campus, it is modeled after the King's College Chapel at the University of Cambridge.
In addition to the library's main body, two annex levels of bookstacks are contained below Beinecke Plaza, and infrequently used items are contained in the Yale University Library Shelving Facility in Hamden, Connecticut.
Projects.
Projects run by the library include the Avalon Project.

</doc>
<doc id="7023682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023682" title="My Cabbage">
My Cabbage



</doc>
<doc id="7023686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023686" title="Virginia State Highway 123">
Virginia State Highway 123



</doc>
<doc id="7023687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023687" title="My Five Stages">
My Five Stages



</doc>
<doc id="7023693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023693" title="MHD equilibrium">
MHD equilibrium



</doc>
<doc id="7023695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023695" title="My Own Personal Hell">
My Own Personal Hell



</doc>
<doc id="7023696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023696" title="Kashmir Plebiscite">
Kashmir Plebiscite



</doc>
<doc id="7023699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023699" title="Mhd equilibrium">
Mhd equilibrium



</doc>
<doc id="7023703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023703" title="Deborah Camille Darnell">
Deborah Camille Darnell



</doc>
<doc id="7023704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023704" title="Yale Law School Library">
Yale Law School Library



</doc>
<doc id="7023705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023705" title="Yicong">
Yicong

Yicong (23 July 1831 – 18 February 1889), formally known as Prince Dun (or Prince Tun), was a Manchu prince of the Qing dynasty.
Life.
Yicong was born in the Aisin Gioro clan as the fifth son of the Daoguang Emperor. His mother was Consort Xiang from the Niohuru clan. He was adopted by his uncle Miankai (綿愷), the third son of the Jiaqing Emperor, because Miankai had no surviving sons to succeed him. Upon Miankai's death in 1838, Yicong inherited his adoptive father's peerage and became known as "Prince Dun of the First Rank" (惇親王).
Following the death of the Daoguang Emperor in 1850, Yicong's fourth brother Yizhu succeeded their father and became historically known as the Xianfeng Emperor. When the Xianfeng Emperor died in 1861, Yicong and his seventh brother, Yixuan (Prince Chun), were both in Rehe Province with the emperor, while their sixth brother, Yixin (Prince Gong), was in the imperial capital, Beijing. Yicong supported Yixin in the Xinyou Coup of 1861 and helped him seize power from a group of eight regents appointed by the Xianfeng Emperor on his deathbed to assist his son, the Tongzhi Emperor. In 1865, Yicong was appointed as the head of the Imperial Clan Court.
Yicong died in 1889 during the reign of the Guangxu Emperor. His great-grandson, Yuyan, was a self-proclaimed successor to Puyi, the last emperor of the Qing dynasty. Yicong's former residence is at Qinghua Gardens (清華園), the present-day location of Tsinghua (Qinghua) University.
Family.
Primary Consort
Secondary Consort
Concubine

</doc>
<doc id="7023709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023709" title="William Fellowes Morgan Jr.">
William Fellowes Morgan Jr.

William Fellowes Morgan Jr. (March 13, 1889 – December 23, 1977) was the President of the Middle Atlantic Oyster Fisheries in 1925, and was the Commissioner of Public Markets for New York City around 1934 through 1942, for at least eight years. He oversaw the opening of The Bronx Terminal Market in 1935. His father was William Fellowes Morgan Sr. (1861–1943) a refrigerated storage business tycoon; his mother was tennis player Emma Leavitt-Morgan (1865–1956). His sisters were Pauline Morgan Dodge and Beatrice Morgan Pruyn Goodrich.

</doc>
<doc id="7023710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023710" title="My Extra Mile">
My Extra Mile



</doc>
<doc id="7023712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023712" title="Protein losing enteropathy">
Protein losing enteropathy

Protein losing enteropathy (PLE) is a syndrome in which blood proteins are lost excessively via the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. It may be caused by many different underlying diseases that damage the lining of the GI tract (mucosa) or cause blockage of its lymphatic drainage.
Signs and symptoms.
The signs and symptoms of protein losing enteropathy include diarrhea, fever, and general abdominal discomfort. Swelling of the legs due to peripheral edema can also occur; however, if the PLE is related to a systemic disease such as congestive heart failure or constrictive pericarditis, then these symptoms could be due directly to the underlying illness. In severe cases, anasarca, a generalized form of edema, may develop.
Causes.
The causes of protein-losing enteropathy can include GI conditions (among other causes), like the following:
Mechanism.
The pathophysiology of protein losing enteropathy is a result of plasma protein loss to the GI tract lumen. PLE is a complication of a disorder, be it lymphatic obstruction or mucosal injury.
Protein losing enteropathy is a syndrome, characterized by a collection of signs and symptoms that are due to an underlying primary medical condition. Thus, there are many different pathophysiologic mechanisms of intestinal protein loss. Erosive disease, is characterized by mucosal damage or erosions of the colon intestinal epithelium and capillary bed underlying the epithelium, leading to a leakage of proteins from the capillaries into the interstitial space and then into the intestinal lumen where they are lost from the body. This type of inflammation may be seen in inflammatory bowel diseases, peptic ulcers and infections. A second pathological mechanism, the non-erosive type, is characterized by increased intestinal permeability causing protein to be lost from the interstitium into the intestinal lumen. This increased intestinal permeability may be seen in eosinophilic gastroenteritis and other conditions causing increased inflammation in the gut, or certain genetic disorders affecting the cell adhesions between gut enterocytes. And a third type is due to intestinal lymphangiectasia in which the lymphatic vessels that drain interstitial fluid from the gut are damaged, leading to a blockage of lymphatic drainage and a buildup of interstitial fluid near the gut, thus causing leakage of proteins into the gut. This may be due to primary or congenital disease states of the lymphatic system or secondary (acquired) damage to the lymphatic system. Possible secondary causes of lymphangiectasis include congestive heart failure or constrictive pericarditis. These conditions cause an increase in the central venous pressure. The lymphatic system drains into the central venous system following a negative pressure gradient to the subclavian vein via the thoracic duct or right lymphatic duct. However, any pathological mechanism that leads to increased central venous pressure may also cause increased lymphatic pressure, thus impairing lymphatic drainage at the gut and lead to protein losing enteropathy. Certain infections such as Whipple disease can also lead to impaired lymphatic drainage by destroying the lymphatic lacteals, which are lymphatic capillaries underlying intestinal villi and facilitating the drainage of lymph from the gut. Congenital disorders of the lymphatic system such as Primary Intestinal Lymphangiectasia are due to congenitally dilated or malformed lacteals that lead to lymph leakage into the small bowel, causing protein loss and protein losing enteropathy.
The widespread hypoproteinemia seen in protein losing enteropathy may present with complications related to the specific proteins lost, especially in severe disease. A decrease in antibodies (also known as immune globulins) may lead to an increased susceptibility to infections. And the loss of inhibitory coagulation factors may lead to a hypercoagulable state.
In "pediatric protein losing enteropathy", changes in epithelial cells contribute to the pathogenesis of PLE by augmenting the rate of efflux of serum proteins. Congenital molecular mutations, poor lymphatic drainage and/or inflammation may cause epithelial matrix changes. The absence of proteoglycans, which are glycosaminoglycan chains attached to protein, may contribute to PLE and augment inflammatory cytokines. Children who have certain congenital glycosylation defects may have protein losing enteropathy.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of protein losing enteropathy is made by excluding other causes of protein loss. Endoscopy can be used to localize the cause of the protein loss in the bowel. Different methods of quantifying protein loss in the bowel include faecal excretion of alpha 1-antitrypsin, a marker of protein losing enteropathy, as well as viral serologies, which may be useful to determine the cause of the PLE. Alpha 1-antitrypsin is a blood protein that is lost in the gut, however, it is not actively secreted or absorbed by the gut, and it resists proteolysis in the gut lumen, thus making it a preferred protein for quantification of gut protein loss in protein losing enteropathy. Fecal alpha 1-antitrypsin may be quantified in a random stool sample, or more accurately, in a 24-hour stool sampling to quantify the amount of protein loss in PLE. In suspected cases of local disease, or when PLE is suspected to be due to lymph drainage abnormalities, lymphangiography may be used to localize the areas of lymphatic leakage. Imaging of the thoracic or abdominopelvic cavities may also aid in the diagnosis, possibly by identifying masses impairing lymphatic and venous drainage from the intestines and thus contributing to PLE.
Treatment.
Treatment for protein losing enteropathy depends upon the underlying condition; according to Rychik and Spray (2002) this could mean treatment of hypoproteinemia or of the intestinal mucosa.
For causes related to the heart, treatment for PLE after the "Fontan operation" treatment must be equal to the level of hypoproteinemia present. Therefore, it is useful to categorize patients based on their serum albumin levels, if less than normal (typically less than 3.5 g/dL) but greater than 2.5 g/dL, this can be seen as a mild form of protein losing enteropathy. Symptomatic management of edema with furosemide (and aldactone) can provide relief for the individual with mild hypoproteinemia.
In animals.
Dogs can also suffer from PLE. Because the proteins are lost from the intestine, these dogs have low levels of albumin in the blood. Chronic enteropathy is one of the possible reasons for PLE and it has been shown in a study that hypoalbuminaemia is a risk factor for negative outcome and the prognosis is guarded for these dogs. Gastrointestinal lymphoma and intestinal lymphangiectasia are other diseases that can cause protein losing enteropathy in dogs. The Breed Lundehunds seem to be predisposed for PLE.

</doc>
<doc id="7023713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023713" title="Pork-barrel legislation">
Pork-barrel legislation



</doc>
<doc id="7023714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023714" title="Jammu Plebiscite">
Jammu Plebiscite



</doc>
<doc id="7023718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023718" title="Albedo (alchemy)">
Albedo (alchemy)

In alchemy, albedo, or leucosis, is the second of the four major stages of the Magnum Opus, along with nigredo, citrinitas and rubedo. It is a Latinicized term meaning "whiteness". Following the chaos or "massa confusa" of the nigredo stage, the alchemist undertakes a purification in albedo, which is literally referred to as "ablutio" – the washing away of impurities. This phase is concerned with "bringing light and clarity to the prima materia (the First Matter)". 
In this process, the subject is divided into two opposing principles to be later coagulated to form a unity of opposites or "coincidentia oppositorum" during rubedo. Alchemists also applied it to an individual's soul after the first phase is completed, which entailed the decay of matter. In Medieval literature, which developed an intricate system of images and symbols for alchemy, the dove often represented this stage, while the raven symbolized nigredo. 
Titus Burckhardt interprets the albedo as the end of the lesser work, corresponding to a spiritualization of the body. Claiming the goal of this portion of the process is to regain the original purity and receptivity of the soul.
Psychology.
Psychologist Carl Jung equated the albedo with unconscious contrasexual soul images; the anima in men and animus in women. It is a phase where insight into shadow projections are realized, and inflated ego and unneeded conceptualizations are removed from the psyche. 
Another interpretation describes albedo as an experience of awakening and involves a shift in consciousness where the world becomes more than just an individual's ego, his family, or country.

</doc>
<doc id="7023720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023720" title="National Historic Landmark District">
National Historic Landmark District

A National Historic Landmark District (NHLD) is a geographical area that has received recognition from the United States Government that the buildings, landscapes, cultural features and archaeological resources within it are of the highest significance and worthy of preservation.
Characteristics.
The boundaries of an NHLD typically include contributing properties that may themselves be listed distinctly as a National Historic Landmark or on the National Register of Historic Places but may also include non-contributing properties. The U.S. federal government designates historic districts through the National Park Service, a division of the U.S. Department of the Interior. 
Once designated an NHL District, districts often become cultural destinations and generate economic benefits for the communities from history-related tourism. NHLDs often qualify for preservation grant monies but dramatic or negative change to them can impact their integrity and create cause for concern over the loss of NHLD designation. These threats can come from development or climate change as evidenced most recently with the catastrophic damage to the Lahaina NHLD from wildfires.
One of the largest NHLDs is the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts, at over 30,000 acres; some are much smaller, including the Cobblestone National Historic Landmark District in New York state, which is under one acre in size.
Distribution by state.
There are just over 100 National Historic Landmark Districts in the U.S., including:
Nebraska.
This is a very interesting place that is very famous for its cuteness and colors with red and blue everywhere!

</doc>
<doc id="7023723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023723" title="Westgate Mall (Ohio)">
Westgate Mall (Ohio)

Westgate Mall is a Greater Cleveland suburban shopping center established in the mid-1950s and revitalized in 2007 after a decline in visitors since the 1990s. The original building was located at the intersection of Center Ridge Road and West 210th Street Fairview Park, Ohio at the boundary of Rocky River, Ohio. Westgate Mall is now known as "Westgate", and is now an outdoor shopping center.
History.
Beginning.
Built several years after the close of World War II, the original "Westgate Center" opened in 1954. The first such shopping mall in Greater Cleveland, from downtown's Public Square, and the first suburban shopping mall in Ohio, as one of the first post-war suburban retail centers with department store anchors in the United States, situated on a parcel. The original anchors of what was then an open-air plaza of separate stores and outdoor walkways were a 3-level Halle Bros. Co., 2-level Federal's department store, a Kroger supermarket, and in 1961 Federal's built a new one-level store across the lot from Halle's and the former Federal's become the first suburban store for Higbee's department store.
Eventually, Higbee's also took over the newer Federal Department Store space when Federal's closed in 1969, but not before Spartan-Atlantic opened in the location in 1969 until 1972. Higbee's moved their Home Store to this location in 1973. The center was roofed over in the late 1960s to compete with neighboring newer Parmatown Mall southeast and Great Northern Mall southwest of Westgate Mall.
In 1972, a four-screen movie theater operated by General Cinema Corporation was constructed. Halle's closed on November 10, 1982, when the chain went out of business.
In 1984, the Richard E. Jacobs Group, a Cleveland-based real estate developer, took ownership of the complex and began renovations and remerchandising to aim for the upper-income buyers surrounding the mall. Pittsburgh-based Joseph Horne Co. opened in the former Halle space on March 12, 1987, following a week-long soft opening. In 1988, the Promenade Food Court was added to replace the original movie theatres. A new six-screen General Cinema cineplex was built behind the mall in a satellite building near the Higbee's Home Store.
Decline.
The 1990s saw another decline of the complex as newer facilities like Great Northern Mall in nearby and far-flung suburbs, a revitalized Downtown Cleveland and a recession-battered economy took its toll. Higbee's was taken over by Dillard's in 1992, which then bought out the Horne's store, creating a unique three-unit operation with ladies apparel in the north store, men's &amp; children's items and housewares in the south wing and furniture &amp; electronics in the outlying Home Store. Eventually, the Home Store was closed when Dillard's discontinued electronics and furniture in their Cleveland area locations. In 1996, Kohl's built a two-level store adjacent to the Promenade, which temporarily boosted the struggling mall's fortunes, but eventually the aging mall continued its downward trend. Many stores followed their customers to other locations or simply vanished due to their own corporate problems. Dillard's eliminated non-apparel items in early 2004 and consolidated into the north store, which it eventually closed at the end of March 2005. Almost immediately, the remaining mall stores began leaving, and the cineplex, now owned by AMC, was also closed.
Redevelopment.
A major redevelopment was announced in late May 2005, which planned to convert the center into a lifestyle open-air center. During this redevelopment, both closed
Dillard's, the interior of the mall, &amp; plaza in front were demolished to make way for new buildings.
The new Westgate (dropping "mall" from the name) was opened in Fall of 2007. Westgate is an outdoor center with anchors Target, Petco, Lowe's, Marshalls, Books-A-Million, and others that have followed. Kohl's remained open during the redevelopment. Other stores include Ulta, Verizon, Great Clips, Five Below, Justice, Famous Footwear, Starbucks, Chick-fil-A, and The Original Pancake House.

</doc>
<doc id="7023728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023728" title="My Bright Idea">
My Bright Idea



</doc>
<doc id="7023730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023730" title="Jammu and Kashmir Plebiscite">
Jammu and Kashmir Plebiscite



</doc>
<doc id="7023731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023731" title="London North (Canada)">
London North (Canada)



</doc>
<doc id="7023734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023734" title="S.S. Doomtrooper">
S.S. Doomtrooper

S.S. Doomtrooper is a 2006 television science fiction film starring Corin Nemec, in which a mutated Nazi supersoldier, who can generate electrical charges as a weapon, and has greatly enhanced strength, fights against Allied troops during World War II. It was aired from Sci Fi Channel on April 1, 2006.
The character of Private Parker Lewis is an homage to Corin Nemec's character from the Fox comedy series "Parker Lewis Can't Lose".
Plot.
During World War II, SS Lieutenant Reinhardt arrives at the Citadel, a French castle being used as a German laboratory. He meets Dr. Ullman (Ben Cross), whom he relieves of command. He finds three caged dogs who are horribly mutated; they are extremely muscled and their bodies glow. Ullman reveals that this is his latest experiment and requests one of Reinhardt's men for a demonstration.
A soldier is strapped into a capsule and injected with a chemical, then exposed to an unknown type of radiation. Moments later, he collapses and begins to transform: his skin turns blue, and he becomes hugely muscled and sprouts claws.
In the United States, Captain Pete Malloy (Corin Nemec), is tasked with locating and destroying the Citadel. He forms a team of British and American prisoners who are offered their freedom in exchange for participation. He also enlists his friend, Sergeant Digger of the Royal Marines. They prematurely parachute into German territory under heavy anti-aircraft fire. Two soldiers (Corporal Johnson and Private Andy Papadakis) are separated from the team and continue to the meeting point.
Lieutenant Reinhardt, after learning of the team's arrival, gives Dr. Ullman permission to test the Doomtrooper.
Johnson and Papadakis encounter the Doomtrooper in a local village. They try to kill it but the Doomtrooper just shrugs off the bullets. Johnson is shot by a machine gun attached to the creature's arm. Papadakis prepares to fight but the team arrives and fires at the Doomtrooper. They repel it long enough for Papadakis to escape. The group throw grenades at the Doomtrooper and assume it is dead.
Reinhardt is pleased with the report about the Doomtrooper engaging the Allied soldiers. He orders a team to recover the Doomtrooper. Ullman tells his assistant that the soldiers will be killed by it. This comes true when the Doomtrooper slaughters the German team and then grabs the team leader and electrocutes him.
The Allied soldiers search for a place to hide. They enter an empty building, but stumble upon a French Resistance hideout, led by Mariette Martinet. They decide to team up to kill the monster. The soldiers and resistance fighters plan to take and raid an ammunition dump, and use the explosives to destroy the Citadel.
That night, the Doomtrooper attacks the hideout, killing most of the French Resistance. Corporal Potter briefly disables the Doomtrooper with a grenade launcher, but after it recovers, Potter punches it in the face. This surprisingly harms the Doomtrooper, but it quickly recovers, picks up Potter, and shoots him in half. Private Lewis twists his ankle as he flees and is nearly killed, but the Doomtrooper runs out of ammunition. The Doomtrooper fails to notice the soldiers hiding from it and walks off.
Back at the Citadel, Reinhardt orders Ullman back to Berlin after ending the Doomtrooper project. Enraged, Ullman shoots Reinhardt and his adjutant, then orders his assistant to gather more men so he can grow new Doomtroopers.
On their way to the ammo dump, the team comes across a German panzer out hunting for the Doomtrooper. Papadakis kills the tank commander and they steal the tank. Just then the Doomtrooper attacks, having been attracted by the gunshots. They fire a tank round at the Doomtrooper at point blank range, but that only stuns it.
Jones disguises himself as the tank commander and they proceed to the ammo dump. Jones distracts the Germans while the team takes control of a guard post with a machine gun, which they use to shoot the distracted Germans. They decide to detonate the entire munitions dump to destroy the Doomtrooper.
Captain Malloy and Mariette lure the Doomtrooper into an ammunition bunker by using a flamethrower. They escape by elevator while the rest of the team close the bunker door, trapping the Doomtrooper inside. After forgetting to lock the door, Jean-Claude attempts to bar it to prevent the Doomtrooper from escaping, but the creature electrocutes him through the iron door. The rest of the team escapes to a safe distance and detonates the munitions.
The team makes their way to the Citadel, but the Germans are ready and plan to stop them. On the way, they encounter a sniper. Jones is ordered to distract the sniper so that Papadakis can take him out. Papadakis is about to fire, but is shot through his scope. Enraged because he could not distract the German sniper, Jones runs out into an open field and is also shot, though it buys Captain Malloy time to kill the German sniper. They decide that they must leave the wounded Jones behind because he will slow them down. Once alone, Jones discovers that his family medallion blocked the bullet, saving his life.
Meanwhile, the team steals a Kubelwagen full of wine and gets into the castle by disguising themselves. Their cover is almost blown, but Jones shows up with a rocket launcher and leads the guards into the forest, where he is eventually killed. Taking advantage of the distraction, the Allied team kills the remaining Germans, but the ones who chased Jones into the forest return. During the ensuing fight, Digger blows himself up, destroying most of the remaining Germans. The team is captured by Doctor Ullman's assistant, who takes them into his lab. While the doctor is explaining his plans, Captain Malloy, Mariette and Private Lewis, break free. Malloy and Mariette overpower the guards and hold Ullman at gunpoint while they examine the lab. They then kill the German soldier in the capsule transforming into a Doomtrooper.
Lewis realizes he can short circuit the lab's power by hotwiring the controls of the Doomtrooper capsule. However, Ullman strikes Mariette down and wounds Lewis before being wounded by Malloy. His assistant tries to escape but runs into the original Doomtrooper, who survived the ammo dump and killed all the guards. Ullman orders it to kill everyone in the room, so it begins with his assistant.
In order to buy Lewis time, Malloy fights the Doomtrooper, cutting off its hand, even though the Doomtrooper was uninjured by bullets and missiles. Meanwhile, Lewis short circuits the power but is electrocuted. After being thrown by the Doomtrooper, Malloy picks up two electrical cables and jams them under the creature's helmet, killing it. Malloy, Mariette and an injured, but alive, Digger barely escapes the castle as it crumbles down around them.
Back in America, Captain Malloy reports to General Carmichael and when the general asks for any experimental records or data, Malloy says that it only killed his friends and should never be recreated again. Outside, Malloy says that the General wouldn't mind if they borrow his car. He rigs the car and drives away with Digger and Mariette.
Super-soldier.
The CGI super-soldier, is a Nazi that was mutated into a monstrous creature after being exposed to an unknown type of radiation. Transformed by a mad scientist (played by Ben Cross), it is meant to battle the invading Allied troops, but instead turns on its creators. The Doomtrooper is loyal only to his creator, Dr. Ullman. It is equipped with an arm-mounted auto-cannon and can electrocute its victims. The creature also has self-regenerative powers and is nearly indestructible. After killing nearly everybody that gets in its path, the Doomtrooper is killed after being injected with an overdose of the radioactive material.

</doc>
<doc id="7023735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023735" title="John Etheridge">
John Etheridge

John Michael Glyn Etheridge (born 12 January 1948) is an English jazz fusion guitarist, composer, bandleader and educator known for his eclecticism and broad range of associations in jazz, classical, and contemporary music. He is best known for his work with Soft Machine from 1975 to 1978, 1984 and 2004 to present.
Biography.
Early life.
Etheridge began playing at the age of 13, his early influences being Hank Marvin of The Shadows and Django Reinhardt. Although his father was a jazz pianist, he was primarily self-taught. In the mid-1960s, he formed his first notable band, Rush Release, with Robert Lipson (the future drummer of Gracious!). The band was formed at the height of the British "blues boom", with the emergence of guitarists such as Peter Green, Jeff Beck and, later, Jimi Hendrix. Etheridge played with Rush Release at London's Speakeasy Club in 1966, and on occasion would jam with other guitarists on the scene such as Eric Clapton.
In 1967, Etheridge left London to study History of Art at Essex University. While he continued to play during this period, he did not take up guitar professionally again until 1970. It was during this period that Etheridge further developed his interest in jazz and fusion, an important influence at this time being John McLaughlin's 1969 debut album, "Extrapolation".
1970s.
Upon returning to the London scene in the early 1970s, Etheridge briefly worked with the Deep Purple offshoot Warhorse, followed by a stint with Icarus during the final stages of recording their album "The Marvel World of Icarus". He recalled: "I'd been on the fringes of the London rock scene for a couple of years, and one of the musicians I came across was [Icarus woodwinds player] Norrie Devine. I desperately needed somewhere to live, and he put me in touch with Peter Curtain." Curtain, the drummer for Icarus, set Etheridge up with a flat and offered him a spot in the band after their guitarist left. Though the album sleeve credited Etheridge for all the guitar parts, only one track featured him as the sole guitarist (though he did overdubs on several other tracks). He stayed with Icarus for their subsequent tour of Romania, which ended abruptly when President Nicolae Ceaușescu ordered the band to be deported. The Romanian tour marked their final public appearance.
In late 1972, Etheridge joined Curved Air violinist Darryl Way's band Wolf, which went on to record three albums in the progressive rock canon for the Deram label: "Canis Lupus" (1973), "Saturation Point" (1973), and "Night Music" (1974). It also provided an outlet for his first compositions, at a rate of one or two tracks per album.
Following Wolf's break-up, Etheridge briefly played in the Global Village Trucking Company for a UK tour supporting Gong in early 1975, before a recommendation from fellow guitarist Allan Holdsworth led to him joining Soft Machine, now in full fusion mode having just released "Bundles". Etheridge went on to record two albums with the band, "Softs" (1976) and "" (1978). He also played on the more recent release, "British Tour '75" (2005).
With Soft Machine's activities slowing down in the late 1970s, Etheridge began to develop parallel ventures. It was at this time that he began what would become a long-term collaboration with French violinist Stéphane Grappelli, with whom he performed on numerous world tours between 1976 and 1981. The late 1970s also saw Etheridge form the band 2nd Vision, with fellow Soft Machine member, violinist Ric Sanders. Though the band released an album in 1980, they struggled to achieve broader recognition in the hostile post-punk environment and broke up in 1981.
1980–present.
The 1980s saw Etheridge remain very active on the live front – including a reunion with Soft Machine for the band's final series of concerts at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in 1984 – but much less productive in the studio. "1981 was a sort of watershed year for me... there's sort of before and after 1981. Since then I've mostly played on my own or led bands, playing alongside other people but not in settled formations. That was partly because I liked to do that, and partly because, frankly, I didn't really know what to do with myself at that point. I'd always enjoyed playing sort of jazz-type gigs, so I started doing it..."
In 1982, Etheridge played solo concerts in Australia and duo dates with bassist Brian Torff in the US. In 1983, he toured England with his own trio, and the following year joined forces with ex-Isotope guitarist Gary Boyle. Between 1989 and 1993, he was a member of Danny Thompson's group Whatever, playing on the album "Elemental" (1990). Between 1988 and 1994, he did a lot of touring in Germany with Dick Heckstall-Smith, recording two albums as the Dick Heckstall-Smith / John Etheridge Band, "Live in Erlangen" and "Obsession Fees". Also in 1988, Etheridge made a duo record with New York guitarist Vic Juris, "Bohemia", toured with Biréli Lagrène, and played in the Elton Dean/John Etheridge Quartet with Fred Baker (bass) and Mark Fletcher (drums).
In 1992, he joined violinist Nigel Kennedy's live band, playing on his albums "Kafka" (1996) and "The Kennedy Experience – The Music of Jimi Hendrix" (1998).
In 1994, he released a duo album, "Invisible Threads", with longtime friend Andy Summers (a former Soft Machine guitarist, albeit in a much earlier incarnation of the group), and did a world tour with him. The duo recorded the album using only acoustic guitars and acoustic bass. The same year, Etheridge released his first solo album, "Ash", mostly featuring his regular band at the time – Steve Franklin on keyboards, Henry Thomas on bass and Mark Fletcher on drums – as well as duets with bassist Dudley Phillips. Subsequent solo albums included "Chasing Shadows" (2001), "I Didn't Know" (2004), "Stitched Up" (2006, with his Trio North), "In House – Live In London" (2007, with Arild Andersen and John Marshall), "Alone – Live !" (2008) and "Break Even" (2008, with Liane Carroll).
Etheridge has been nominated for 'Musician of the Year' at the Parliamentary Jazz Awards three times (in 2005, 2006, and 2011).
Collaborations.
In addition to countless one-off line-ups assembled for jazz gigs, Etheridge is involved in several long-term projects, including: a guitar duo with John Williams, which released "Places Between – Live in Dublin"; the Grappelli tribute Sweet Chorus, which released "Sweet Chorus – Tribute to Grappelli" in 1998; the Frank Zappa tribute band, Zappatistas, (formed 1999), who released a live CD, "The Music of Frank Zappa – Absolutely Live" (2001) and have since toured widely, appearing at the German progressive rock/jazz festival Zappanale in 2006; and Soft Machine Legacy, alongside fellow ex-Soft Machine members Hugh Hopper, John Marshall and Elton Dean (the latter replaced by Theo Travis after Dean died in early 2006). They have released three studio albums, all of which include Etheridge compositions: "Soft Machine Legacy" (2005), "Steam" (2007), and "Burden of Proof" (2013). The band have also produced a number of live releases, including "Live in Zaandam" (2005) and "Live At The New Morning" (2006), which includes a DVD filmed just a few weeks prior to Dean's passing. Etheridge toured and recorded with the band Hawkwind in 2014. In 2016, Etheridge and jazz singer Vimala Rowe release the collaborative album "Out of the Sky", which explores a range of jazz, flamenco, Indian classical, traditional African, and blues influences.
Discography.
As member.
With Icarus
With Darryl Way's Wolf
With Soft Machine
With Soft Machine Legacy
With Second Vision
Collaborations.
With Stéphane Grappelli
With Nigel Kennedy
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7023737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023737" title="Hickory High School (Virginia)">
Hickory High School (Virginia)

Hickory High School (Hickory, Virginia) is a high school in Chesapeake, Virginia. There are approximately 1,581 students. The mascot is a hawk and the school colors are teal, grey, white, and black.
Owing to the overwhelming number of students, a new school, Grassfield High School, was built nearby.
Extracurriculars.
Hickory High School activities include:
The 2007-2008 Scholastic Bowl Team won the titles of Southeastern District Champions and Southeastern District Season Champions and Eastern Region Champions, and finished the season with a 21-3 record, coming in third place in the 2008 state championship. The team also came in third in the 2009 season, finishing with a 20-4 record.
In 2011, Hickory's Technology Student Association team, led by Chandler Perry and Joseph Cathey, placed 4th at the National TSA conference in Digital Video Production.
Band and Marching Band.
In 2011, the Marching Hawks placed second in the Bands of America Towson Regional Championship and then placed eighth in finals at the Bands of America Indianapolis Super Regional Championship later that year. The band has consistently made finals in many Bands of America Regional and Super Regional Championships (such as Towson, Delaware, and Indianapolis). The Marching Hawks have been named USSBA Mid Atlantic and State champions.
Hickory's Winter Percussion were the 2012 WGI Scholastic Concert Open Champions, and Hickory's Winter Guard has been AIA finalists multiple times. Hickory's Wind Ensemble participated in the Music for All National Festival in 2014.
Athletics.
Hickory High School athletics include:
In 2005, Hickory's Men's Soccer team was ranked 2nd nationally going 25-0 before losing to Cox 1-0 in the Regional Semi-Finals.
On June 7, 2008, the Lady Hawks Softball team defeated Battlefield High School 4-2 to win the Virginia State Softball Championship. The first state championship in sports in the school's history.
On October 3, 2008, Hickory's Football Team beat Grassfield High School on homecoming night. At the time, it was ranked tenth in the region. This win was the first under the new direction of Coach Sitterson.
In 2007, Hickory's men's volleyball team was one game away from an appearance in the AAA state tournament losing to First Colonial High 0-3 at regionals.
In 2008, Hickory's lacrosse team was formed. Hickory went 0-10 in its inaugural season, only to go undefeated in regional play the next year.
In 2009, Hickory's men's soccer team advanced to the AAA state semi-finals only to lose 2-1 in the semis.
In 2011, Hickory's scholastic bowl team was 1st in district, 2nd in region, and 3rd in state.
In 2013, Hickorys Cheer Team won the 5A State Championship.
In 2014, Hickory's baseball team won the 5A State Championship, their first in school history.
In 2014, Hickory's Cheer Team won the 5A State Championship, successfully defending their title and it marked the 4th State Championship for the school in its history, and the 3rd in the last year.

</doc>
<doc id="7023741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023741" title="Little House on the Prairie T.V. Series">
Little House on the Prairie T.V. Series



</doc>
<doc id="7023742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023742" title="London West (Canada)">
London West (Canada)



</doc>
<doc id="7023744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023744" title="Virginia State Highway 124">
Virginia State Highway 124



</doc>
<doc id="7023747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023747" title="Flag of Hezbollah">
Flag of Hezbollah

The flag of the Shi'a political and military organization Hezbollah depicts a stylized representation of the Arabic words (, meaning 'Party of God') in Kufic script. Written near the first letter of the word Allah, there is a hand that reaches up to grasp a stylized assault rifle. The flag incorporates several other symbols, namely a globe, a book, a sword, and a seven-leafed branch. The text above the logo reads ("fa-inna ḥizba llāhi humu l-gālibūna") and means "Then surely the party of God are they that shall be triumphant" (Quran 5:56), which is a reference to the name of the party. Underneath the logo are the words ("al-muqāwamah al-islāmīyah fī lubnān)", meaning "The Islamic Resistance in Lebanon".
Symbolism.
Colours.
Yellow is the predominant colour on the flag and forms the basis for its field. Whilst there is no reason given for this choice of colour, journalist Tim Marshall has theorised that it may have been chosen to signify Hezbollah's willingness to fight for the sake of Allah and the Shi'a faith.
The reasoning behind the usage of the colour green in the flag is more obvious. Green in Islamic symbolism is inextricably linked to the Islamic prophet Muhammad and the colour is mentioned numerous times within the Quran. As a traditionally Islamic colour, the usage of green on the flag is an overtly political and explicitly religious statement.
Sometimes the text on the flag appears in red lettering. The usage of red in this case is used to symbolise the blood shed by those who fell for the cause of the organization.
Imagery.
The symbolism of the fist grasping an assault rifle, which combines elements of the H&amp;K G3 battle rifle and the AK-47, is twofold. The rifle is simultaneously symbolic of the party's left-wing ideological roots, sharing in the iconography of similar armed socialist movements. The rifle also represents Hezbollah's belief in an armed struggle against oppressive forces. However, opponents of Hezbollah interpret the inclusion of the rifle on the flag as proof that the group's aims are intrinsically tied with militant and violent action.
A globe can also be found depicted on the flag, symbolizing Hezbollah's global activities. Also depicted are a seven-leafed branch and a Quran, further highlighting the group's ties to Islam.
Text.
The central text on the flag displays the organisation's name; ("ḥizbu-llāh)" which translates to "Party of Allah". The 'Alif' (first letter in the word "Allah" on the flag) extends upwards to form the fist which clenches the assault rifle.
Above the central text is found an Islamic quote (Quran 5:56) فإن حزب الله هم الغالبون . This translates to "Then surely the party of Allah are they that shall be triumphant" in reference to the party itself.
The text below the central text states which translates to "The Islamic Resistance in Lebanon", which serves to promote the image of the group's cause as legitimate and righteous.
History.
Initially, Hezbollah operated under the flag of Iran as this was viewed by supporters as the flag of Islam, specifically of the Shia sect. The flag of Hezbollah first saw usage in the late 1980s and early 1990s, often being displayed alongside the Iranian flag.
Changes made to the flag of Hezbollah reflect the changing ideology of the party in the late 1990s and early 2000s. The two pillars of Hezbollah's ideology in the 1990s focused on an armed struggle against Israel twinned with the aim of establishing an Islamic republic in Lebanon. Referencing the latter goal, the text on the flag below the logo translated to "The Islamic Revolution in Lebanon" before 2001. Yet this changed in 2001 following the reversal of a policy of hostility towards Lebanon. The text was instead changed to "The Islamic Resistance in Lebanon" in order to more strongly emphasize Hezbollah's opposition towards Israel.
The flag has remained unchanged since the early 2000s and has grown to become a globally recognised symbol of Hezbollah, yet also one representative of Islamic extremism.
Use.
Predominantly the flag of Hezbollah is flown by supporters and fighters of the organisation throughout the Middle East, specifically within Lebanon. The flag has recently seen extensive use by Hezbollah supporters fighting in the Syrian Civil War. Internationally, the flag can be found flying at Islamic demonstrations. Notably the flag is often seen during pro-Palestinian protests, such as those held during Al-Quds day.
Hezbollah's flag also has a more symbolic use. The flag can often be seen draped over the coffins of deceased members of the organisation, evoking a sense of martyrdom for the cause.
Controversy.
The flag of Hezbollah has often caused controversy within some western countries. Both the military and political wings of Hezbollah have been banned in a number of countries.
In the United Kingdom, only the military wing of Hezbollah was listed as a proscribed organisation by the Home Office in 2008 whilst the political wing remained unbanned. This created a legal loophole which allowed supporters to fly the flag at demonstrations and protests throughout Britain as the flag was an official symbol of both wings. The flag could be found at protests such as at the annual Al-Quds day demonstrations and was deemed offensive by a number of groups, especially Britain's Jewish community. In March 2019, the decision was made by Home Secretary Sajid Javid to include Hezbollah's political wing on the list of proscribed terrorist organisations, outlawing the flying of the flag in Britain.
While the First Amendment to the United States Constitution guarantees freedom of speech, which the courts have interpreted to include hate speech, severely limiting the government's authority to suppress it, this flag is flown by Hezbollah supporters in the United States, despite the fact that the entire group is listed as a terrorist organization. One example was during demonstrations in New York City in April 2024 during the ongoing protests against the Gaza war.

</doc>
<doc id="7023753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023753" title="My Chopped Liver">
My Chopped Liver

"My Chopped Liver" is the 17th episode of season five and the 110th episode of the American television sitcom "Scrubs". Written by Debra Fordham and directed by Will Mackenzie, it originally aired on April 4, 2006 on NBC.
Overview.
J.D. hangs out with Turk on one of his rare nights off, resulting in Turk getting behind in his work and getting in trouble with Dr. Wen. The two treat a patient with jaundice who needs a liver transplant from his brother. Unexpectedly, the donor nearly dies when one of his sutures comes undone and he must be rushed to the operating room.
Jordan and Elliot double date with their significant others, Dr. Cox and Keith.
Dr. Kelso's dog Baxter died and he can't help but cry. Determined to hide this side of him from the hospital staff, he enlists Carla to act as a middle man and intercept anyone who needs to see him.
Responses.
The episode's storyline regarding a liver transplant led to a nomination at "The Sentinel for Health Awards" in 2006 in the primetime comedy section.

</doc>
<doc id="7023754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023754" title="Naqareh">
Naqareh

The naqareh, naqqāra, nagara or nagada is a Middle Eastern drum with a rounded back and a hide head, usually played in pairs. It is thus a membranophone of the kettle drum variety.
The term "naqqāra" (), also "naqqarat", "naqqarah", "naqqåre", "nakkare", "nagora" comes from the Urdu verb "naqr-" that means "to strike, beat".
The instrument was also adopted in Europe following the Crusades, and known as the naccaire or naker.
Construction.
The rounded section of a naqqara is made of baked clay, while the flat side consists of treated skin fastened around the rim with string which is tightened over the back of the bow.
Playing.
This percussion instrument is often played in pairs, where one "naqqara" will produce low pitch beats called "nar" and the other for the high pitch beats. The instruments are beaten with short wooden sticks bent outward at the upper ends called "damka".
Varieties.
Iraq and the other Arab countries.
"Naqqārāt" is the name of kettledrums in Arabic countries. Naqqārāt, hemispherical with the skin stretched over the top, come in pairs. Naqqarat is one of the percussion instruments used in Maqam al-Iraqi chalghi ensembles. Under the late Abbasids and the Fatimid Caliphate, kettledrums were beaten before the five daily prayers; small ones form part of present-day orchestral ensembles.
Iran.
Naqqåre can be found in different sizes in different regions of Iran:
Indian subcontinent.
Naqqara are also found in India, where the word is pronounced "nagara" or "nagada". They are paired kettledrums traditionally used in the "naubat" "Nine Things", a traditional ensemble of nine instruments. Nagara are also played with sticks. Today, this instrument is usually used to accompany the "shehnai" or "Indian oboe", an indispensable component of any North Indian wedding.
It was also used during Guru Gobind Singh Ji’s time as a war drum (first mentioned in the Battle of Banghani). This was to infuse pride into the Sikh armies while charging. It can be seen now usually at a Sikh martial art display (Gatka display) playing in the background.
Rebecca Stewart's unpublished thesis, "The Tabla in Perspective" (UCLA, 1974) has suggested "tabla" was most likely a hybrid resulting from experiments with existing drums such as "pakhawaj", "dholak", and "naqqara".
Azerbaijan.
In Azerbaijan there is a kind of kettledrum that is called ghosha-naqara. Ghosha means "pair".
Turkey.
In Turkey, this word is pronounced "nakkare" and refers to small kettledrums beaten with the hands or two sticks. "Kös", or giant kettledrums played on horseback, are a separate instrument. These drums and the "davul" or "cylindrical drum" were used in Ottoman "mehter" music.
Uzbekistan.
In Uzbekistan the kettledrum is called "naqara" or "nagora". "Dulnaqara": a large kettledrum that gives a low and loud sound (i.e. "tum"). "Reznaqara" is a small kettledrum that gives a high and loud sound (i.e. "tak"). "Koshnaqara" is a small-paired kettledrum, a pair of clay pots with goatskin tops.
Europe.
Kettledrums were adopted in Europe during the 13th century Crusades, following contact with Saracen musicians who played the drums;The Arabic term "naqqara" became French "nacaires", the Italian "naccheroni" and the English nakers. The instrument spread rapidly, reaching England in the 14th century. The instrument is very visible in European artwork and iconography of the period, before fading from view in the 17th century.
As the Grove Dictionary of Music describes them:
They were more or less hemispherical, 15-25cm in diameter, frequently with snares and usually played in pairs, suspended in front of the player. They were usually played with drumsticks, mainly for martial purposes but also in chamber music, dance and processional music and probably for accompanying songs.
Kettledrums in Europe today are called "tympani" or "timpani", descended from the imported naqareh.
Georgia.
Diplipito is a widespread percussion instrument all over Georgia. It comprises two small cone-shaped clay pots (jars) of the same height, but different width, which are covered with leather. One of the clay pots is smaller than the other. A cord ties the two jars together. The height of the jars is 200-250 mm, and their diameters are 90mm and 170mm. The "diplipito" is played with two small sticks called "goat legs." The instrument is used to provide rhythms for vocal music and dance music. It is often combined with instruments such as duduki, buzika panduri, and salamuri. The diplipito is generally played by males, and plays an important role in Georgian folk ensembles.

</doc>
<doc id="7023760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023760" title="Virginia State Highway 127">
Virginia State Highway 127



</doc>
<doc id="7023763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023763" title="My New Suit">
My New Suit



</doc>
<doc id="7023765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023765" title="Vanessa show">
Vanessa show



</doc>
<doc id="7023773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023773" title="His Story III">
His Story III



</doc>
<doc id="7023774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023774" title="Wheeler Air Force Base">
Wheeler Air Force Base



</doc>
<doc id="7023775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023775" title="Clean Air Act of 1970">
Clean Air Act of 1970



</doc>
<doc id="7023776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023776" title="Donald McPherson">
Donald McPherson

Donald McPherson or Donald Macpherson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7023778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023778" title="Hurricane Emily (disambiguation)">
Hurricane Emily (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7023785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023785" title="Clean Air Act of 1990">
Clean Air Act of 1990



</doc>
<doc id="7023790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023790" title="Wheeler Field">
Wheeler Field



</doc>
<doc id="7023795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023795" title="Maine State Route 3">
Maine State Route 3

State Route 3 (SR 3) is a state highway located in southern Maine. It is a major interregional highway, connecting the Interstate 95 corridor to the Atlantic coast. The western terminus is at SR 8, SR 11 and SR 27 in Augusta and the eastern terminus is at SR 102 and SR 198 in Mount Desert. Major cities and towns along the length of SR 3 include Augusta, Belfast, Ellsworth, and Bar Harbor.
Route description.
SR 3 begins at Civic Center Drive (SR 8/SR 11/SR 27) in the northwest corner of Augusta. SR 3 heads east using the Augusta Bypass, a controlled-access road completed in 2004 to alleviate congestion in the city center caused by traffic headed to and from I-95. The bypass ends at North Belfast Avenue (US 202/SR 9) on the east end of Augusta. SR 3 runs concurrently with US 202 and SR 9 (the Belfast Road) to the village of South China, where US 202 and SR 9 split to the north. SR 3 continues east to the city of Belfast, where it interchanges with US 1 west of downtown.
US 1 and SR 3 run concurrently for over from Belfast through Bucksport, crossing the Penobscot Narrows Bridge over the Penobscot River. SR 15 joins US 1 and SR 3 in downtown Bucksport and splits to the south in Orland after . US 1 and SR 3 continue along the Acadia Highway to the city of Ellsworth.
SR 3 leaves US 1 at The Triangle, an intersection at the south end of Ellsworth that has been the center of numerous traffic problems within that city The News@Ellsworth American.com |. Entering the Trenton township, the remainder of the route is designated as the Acadia All-American Road. Continuing south through Trenton, the route crosses a causeway to Mount Desert Island and intersects with SR 102 and SR 198, which run along the island's western side.
SR 3 turns east follows the eastern shore to the tourist town of Bar Harbor, then continues south through Acadia National Park to the village of Northeast Harbor. SR 3 intersects with SR 198 and turns north towards the village of Somesville. SR 3 and SR 198 intersect with SR 102 in Somesville; SR 3 ends and SR 198 turns north onto SR 102, eventually meeting SR 3 again near the Mount Desert Island causeway.
On the southern end of Mount Desert Island, and along the concurrency with SR 198, SR 3 signs lack directional indicators. This was intentionally done to avoid confusion, as a motorist on the southern part of the island driving on SR 3 westbound is actually traveling "east" (and vice versa). SR 3 signs along this stretch have "Route" in place of directional banners. Directional signs begin appearing westbound and stop appearing eastbound just east of Seal Harbor when the highway begins to loop around the island.
History.
When originally designated in 1933, the western terminus of SR 3 was located in downtown Portland. It was cosigned on sections of SR 26, SR 4 and SR 11 between Portland and Augusta. In 1946-7, the western portion of the route was truncated to Augusta and its western terminus was moved to the intersection of Bangor Street and North Belfast Avenue, where it began cosigned with US 202 and SR 9.
In 2004, the Augusta Bypass was completed, providing a connection between I-95 and points east which bypasses downtown Augusta. SR 3 was rerouted onto the new bypass, proceeding northwest to a new interchange at exit 113. The bypass connected to North Belfast Avenue where SR 3 joined US 202/SR 9 and continued its existing route eastward.
In 2013, the bypass was extended west of I-95 to connect with Old Belgrade Road and serve the new Alfond Center for Health and Cancer Center. The Exit 113 interchange was reconfigured to provide full access and SR 3 was extended along the northern segment of Old Belgrade Road to its present western terminus at Civic Center Drive (SR 8/SR 11/SR 27).

</doc>
<doc id="7023796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023796" title="Adenophostin">
Adenophostin

Adenophostin A is a potent inositol trisphosphate (IP3) receptor agonist, but is much more potent than IP3.
IP3R is a ligand-gated intracellular Ca2+ release channel that plays a central role in modulating cytoplasmic free Ca2+ concentration (Ca2+i). Adenophostin A is structurally different from IP3 but could elicit distinct calcium signals in cells.

</doc>
<doc id="7023799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023799" title="My Fallen Idol">
My Fallen Idol



</doc>
<doc id="7023807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023807" title="Virginia State Highway 147">
Virginia State Highway 147



</doc>
<doc id="7023809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023809" title="Clean Water Act of 1972">
Clean Water Act of 1972



</doc>
<doc id="7023813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023813" title="Tioga lake">
Tioga lake



</doc>
<doc id="7023814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023814" title="Multiinformation">
Multiinformation



</doc>
<doc id="7023817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023817" title="Allpass filter">
Allpass filter



</doc>
<doc id="7023818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023818" title="Multi-information">
Multi-information



</doc>
<doc id="7023819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023819" title="Steve Grossman (saxophonist)">
Steve Grossman (saxophonist)

Steven Mark Grossman (January 18, 1951August 13, 2020) was an American jazz fusion and hard bop saxophonist.
Grossman was Wayne Shorter's replacement in Miles Davis's jazz-fusion band. He played with Chick Corea on the album "The Sun" in 1970, then, from 1971 to 1973, he was in Elvin Jones's band.
In the late 1970s, he was part of the Stone Alliance trio with percussionist Don Alias and bassist Gene Perla. The group released four albums during this period, including one featuring Brazilian trumpeter Márcio Montarroyos. The albums also feature an array of other musicians. They went on to release three live reunion albums during the 2000s.
Personal life.
Grossman was born in Brooklyn, New York, United States, on January 18, 1951, to Rosalind, an amateur pianist, and Irving, an RCA salesman and later president of KLH Research and Development Corporation. He died of cardiac arrest in Glen Cove, New York, on August 13, 2020, at the age of 69.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Miles Davis
With Elvin Jones

</doc>
<doc id="7023823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023823" title="Venous cutdown">
Venous cutdown

Venous cutdown is an emergency procedure in which the vein is exposed surgically and then a cannula is inserted into the vein under direct vision. It is used for venous access in cases of trauma, and hypovolemic shock when the use of a peripheral venous catheter is either difficult or impossible. The great saphenous vein is most commonly used. This procedure has fallen out of favor with the development of safer techniques for central venous catheterization such as the Seldinger technique, the modified Seldinger technique, intraosseous infusion, as well as the use of ultrasound guidance for placement of central venous catheters without using the cutdown technique.
Procedure.
The skin is cleaned, draped, and anesthetized if time allows. The greater saphenous vein is identified on the surface above the medial malleolus, a full-thickness transverse skin incision is made, and 2 cm of the vein is freed from the surrounding structures. The vessel is tied closed distally, the proximal portion is sliced open (venotomy) and gently dilated, and a cannula is introduced through the venotomy and secured in place with a more proximal ligature around the vein and cannula. An intravenous line is connected to the cannula to complete the procedure.
Complications.
Complications of venous cutdown include cellulitis, hematoma, phlebitis, perforation of the posterior wall of the vein, venous thrombosis and nerve and arterial transection. This procedure can result in damage to the saphenous nerve due to its intimate path with the great saphenous vein, resulting in loss of cutaneous sensation in the medial leg. Over the years, the venous cutdown procedure has become outdated by the introduction and recent prehospital developments of intraosseous infusion in trauma/hypovolemic shock patients.

</doc>
<doc id="7023825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023825" title="Lord Ross of Halkhead">
Lord Ross of Halkhead



</doc>
<doc id="7023828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023828" title="Scripps Howard Foundation">
Scripps Howard Foundation

The Scripps Howard Fund is a public charity that supports philanthropic causes important to the E. W. Scripps Company, an American media conglomerate which owns television stations, cable television networks, and other media outlets. The Fund's mission, according to its website, is "creating informed and engaged communities through journalism education, childhood literacy, and local causes." The headquarters are situated together with the Scripps Company in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Scripps Howard Foundation, a sister organization of the Scripps Howard Fund, supports Scripps’ charitable efforts through an endowment fund, key assets, and major donations. Established in 1962, the foundation became the largest corporate foundation in the Greater Cincinnati area. Its annual budget ballooned from $100,000 in 1971 to more than $100 million. It also manages the Greater Cincinnati Fund and presents the annual Scripps Howard Awards, awarding $160,000 for the 2020 awards, distributed among 17 winners.
Between the Fund and the Foundation, in 2021, Scripps gave away more than $6 million: "$1 million ... to childhood literacy, $3.1 million ... to journalism and First Amendment causes, and ... $2 million ... to nonprofits nationwide that were recommended by Scripps television stations and their audiences."
The Scripps Howard Foundation, along with Roy Howard's children, established the Roy W. Howard Archive at the Indiana University School of Journalism in 1983. Additionally, it established the Scripps Howard School of Journalism and Communications at Hampton University in Virginia. A $15 million dollar donation in 2006 led to the renaming of the now Scripps College of Communication at Ohio University.
In 2018, the foundation established the Howard Center for Investigative Journalism at the University of Maryland Philip Merrill College of Journalism and Arizona State University Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication.
Scripps Howard Awards.
The Scripps Howard Awards, formerly the National Journalism Awards, are $10,000 awards (in 17 categories in 2022) in American journalism given by the foundation.
From 1980 to 2010, the foundation annually awarded the "College Cartoonist Charles M. Schulz Award" to a student drawing cartoons for their college newspaper. In 1997 the Award was for $2,000. In the 2000s it was for $10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="7023829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023829" title="Venous cut down">
Venous cut down



</doc>
<doc id="7023830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023830" title="Multivariate constraint">
Multivariate constraint



</doc>
<doc id="7023831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023831" title="Little Flower">
Little Flower

The phrase Little Flower can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7023832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023832" title="Osseointegrated implant">
Osseointegrated implant



</doc>
<doc id="7023835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023835" title="Fragmentation Grenade">
Fragmentation Grenade



</doc>
<doc id="7023837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023837" title="Fourth Avenue/Ninth Street station">
Fourth Avenue/Ninth Street station

The Fourth Avenue/Ninth Street station is a New York City Subway station complex shared by the elevated IND Culver Line and the underground BMT Fourth Avenue Line. It is located at the intersection of Ninth Street and Fourth Avenue in Park Slope, Brooklyn and served by the:
The Ninth Street portion of the station was constructed as part of the Fourth Avenue Line, which was approved in 1905. Construction on the segment of the line that includes Union Street started on December 20, 1909, and was completed in September 1912. The station opened on June 22, 1915, as part of the initial portion of the BMT Fourth Avenue Line to 59th Street. The station's platforms were lengthened in 1926–1927, and again in 1970. The Fourth Avenue portion was built as part of the Culver Line of the city-operated Independent Subway System, and was constructed as an elevated station so the line could pass over the Gowanus Canal to the west. This station opened on October 7, 1933. The two stations were consolidated into a single station complex on May 28, 1959.
History.
Fourth Avenue Line.
Construction and opening.
The Ninth Street station was constructed as part of the Fourth Avenue Line, and was the first part of this station complex to open. The plan for the line was initially adopted on June 1, 1905. The Rapid Transit Commission was succeeded on July 1, 1907, by the New York State Public Service Commission (PSC), which approved the plan for the line in late 1907. The contract for the section of the line that included the Ninth Street station, Route 11A2, which extended from 10th Street to Sackett Street, was awarded on May 22, 1908, to the E.E. Smith Construction Company for $2,296,234.93 (). The New York City Board of Estimate approved the contract on October 29, 1909. Construction on the segment started on December 20, 1909, and was completed in September 1912. The South Brooklyn Board of Trade proposed in 1910 to change the Ninth Street and DeKalb Avenue stations from local to express stops, as well as changing the Pacific Street station from an express stop to a local stop, but this was not done.
As part of negotiations between New York City, the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT), and the Interborough Rapid Transit Company for the expansion of the city's transit network, the line was leased to a subsidiary of the BRT. The agreement, known as Contract 4 of the Dual Contracts, was signed on March 19, 1913. Ninth Street opened on June 22, 1915, as part of an extension of the subway to Coney Island, which included the Fourth Avenue Line north of 59th Street as well as the entire Sea Beach Line. The station's opening was marked with a competition between two trains heading from Chambers Street station in Manhattan to the Coney Island station, one heading via the West End Line and the other via the Sea Beach Line; the latter got to Coney Island first.
1920s platform extensions.
On June 27, 1922, the New York State Transit Commission commissioned its engineers to examine platform-lengthening plans for 23 stations on the lines of the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation (BMT), the successor to the BRT, to accommodate eight-car trains. As part of the project, Ninth Street's platforms would have been lengthened from to . Though the Transit Commission ordered the BMT to lengthen these platforms in September 1923, no further progress was made until February 16, 1925, when the New York City Board of Transportation (NYCBOT) commissioned its engineers to examine platform-lengthening plans for this and eleven other stations along the Fourth Avenue Line. It estimated the project would cost $633,000 (). The NYCBOT received bids for the project on February 25, 1926. The contract was awarded to the Corson Construction Company for $345,021 (). The extensions opened on August 1, 1927.
Culver Line.
The Fourth Avenue station was constructed as part of the Culver (South Brooklyn) Line of the Independent Subway System (IND). One of the goals of Mayor John Hylan's IND, proposed in the 1920s, was a line to Coney Island, reached by a recapture of the BMT Culver Line. As originally designed, service to and from Manhattan would have been exclusively provided by Culver express trains, while all local service would have fed into the IND Crosstown Line.
In 1925, the IND finalized plans to build the line. The line's path crossed the Gowanus Canal, and the IND originally wanted to build a deep-river tunnel under the canal. To save money, the IND built a viaduct over the canal instead, resulting in the creation of the only above-ground section of the original IND. The first section of the line opened on March 20, 1933, from Jay Street to Bergen Street. The line was extended from Bergen Street to Church Avenue on October 7, 1933, including the Fourth Avenue station.
Station complex and subsequent years.
The city government took over the BMT's operations on June 1, 1940. A free transfer point was established between the two stations on May 28, 1959, to compensate for the loss of through Culver service via the Fourth Avenue Line.
Fourth Avenue Line renovation.
In July 1959, the New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA) announced that it would install fluorescent lighting at the Ninth Street station and five other stations along the Fourth Avenue Line for between $175,000 and $200,000. Bids on the project were to be advertised on August 7, 1959, and completed by fall 1960.
In the 1960s, the NYCTA started a project to lengthen station platforms on its lines in Southern Brooklyn to to accommodate 10-car trains. On July 14, 1967, the NYCTA awarded a contract to conduct test borings at eleven stations on the Fourth Avenue Line, including Ninth Street, to the W. M. Walsh Corporation for $6,585 () in preparation of the construction of platform extensions. The NYCTA issued an invitation for bids on the project to extend the platforms at stations along the Fourth Avenue Line between Pacific Street and 36th Street, including those at Ninth Street, on March 28, 1969. Funding for the renovation projects came out of the NYCTA's 1969–1970 Capital Budget, costing $8,177,890 () in total.
As part of the renovation project, the station's platforms were extended, and the station's elaborate mosaic tile walls were covered over with white cinderblock tiles. The latter change, which was also made to 15 other stations on the BMT Broadway and Fourth Avenue Lines, was criticized for being dehumanizing. The NYCTA spokesman stated that the old tiles were in poor condition and that the change was made to improve the appearance of stations and provide uniformity. Furthermore, it did not consider the old mosaics to have "any great artistic merit".
Culver Viaduct renovation.
In 2007, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) announced a three-year renovation project of the elevated Culver Viaduct. The work area covers from south of Carroll Street to north of Ditmas Avenue. For Phase 2A of the project, a temporary platform was built over the southbound express track to allow northbound trains to stop at the station. The platform was then removed for Phase 2B. For Phase 3A a temporary platform was built over the northbound express track to allow southbound trains to stop. Reconstruction of the Fourth Avenue station was completed in April 2013. As part of the project, the arch bridge over Fourth Avenue was restored with the elimination of billboards and the removal of paint over the windows. The station received a public address system as part of the project. In addition, the MTA reopened the east station house to the station, after it had been closed for over 40 years.
Before 2009, G service terminated at Smith–Ninth Streets, one stop to the north. Terminating southbound trains used the switches just west of Fourth Avenue to enter the southbound express tracks. After being stored on the southbound express track, the G trains would start their Queens-bound runs by using the switches to enter the northbound local track. The switches were taken out of regular service in 2009, when the viaduct's reconstruction started and the G was extended to Church Avenue.
Planned accessibility.
As part of its 2025–2029 Capital Program, the MTA has proposed making the station wheelchair-accessible in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Station layout.
Exits.
This station has four entrances. There are three doorways to common fare areas to large buildings on both sides of 4th Avenue between 9th and 10th Streets. Each building has two doorways to 4th Avenue and one to 10th Street. The other two are entrances on either northern corner of 4th Avenue and 9th Street, and lead directly to the BMT Fourth Avenue Line platforms.
IND Culver Line platforms.
The Fourth Avenue station is a local station on the IND Culver Line that has four tracks and two side platforms. The station is between to the north and to the south. It is one of the only two elevated stations in the original IND system. The platforms are the IND's usual length of , and the width of the platforms is . Both platforms have tan brick windscreens and column-less cantilevered windscreens along their entire lengths except for a small portion of the west (railroad north) end. Above Fourth Avenue, the platform walls consist of massive steel arches with glass panes; each arch is anchored between two limestone-and-brick piers, one on either side of the arch. Running along the top of the arches are straight brick piers with patterns. The windows were formerly painted over, and billboards affixed to the outside of each arch; these were removed in the 2012 renovation.
The station has a crew quarters structure over both platforms which is constructed of buff brick with evidence of covered windows. These structures contain granite bases. Characteristic of the Art Deco style, the crew quarters towers contain small setbacks. Repeating chevron designs are located along the center of each tower, while limestone bands are located atop the parapets and setbacks on each tower.
This station's fare control area is at street level underneath the platforms and tracks and built within the viaduct's concrete structure. Two staircases from each platform go down to an I-shaped mezzanine (where mosaics reading "MEN" and "WOMEN" for two now-closed restrooms are visible) before three staircases go down to the turnstile bank. Outside fare control, there is a token booth and two sets of entry/exit doors, one to the west side of Fourth Avenue directly underneath the viaduct and the other to the north side of Tenth Street. Both entrances have their original lit-up IND "SUBWAY" sign while mosaic direction tiles reading "To Coney Island" and "To Manhattan" are in the mezzanine. Storefronts are located inside the viaduct at ground level.
The western fare control area has a single staircase going down to the extreme south end of the Bay Ridge-bound platform of Ninth Street on the BMT Fourth Avenue Line. The extreme east (railroad south) ends of each platform have a single staircase going down to the entrance to the east side of Fourth Avenue underneath the viaduct at ground level. Another staircase from this eastern landing goes down to the Manhattan-bound platform of Ninth Street. The staircase and mezzanine areas have yellow-tiled walls, with tile accents of green.
West of this station was a short stub-end reversing spur entered only from this station. It remained level between the two express tracks while the other tracks ramped up toward Smith–Ninth Streets. The track was removed during overhaul of the Culver Viaduct from 2007 to 2013. East of this station, the line enters a tunnel toward Seventh Avenue. That station is underground, but at a higher altitude than this elevated station due to the steep slope of the land (hence the neighborhood name of Park Slope).
Service patterns.
The station was originally served by the A train. In 1936, the A was rerouted to the IND Fulton Street Line and was replaced by E trains from the Queens Boulevard Line. In 1937, the connection to the IND Crosstown Line opened and (later renamed the G) trains were extended to Church Avenue, complementing the E. In December 1940, after the IND Sixth Avenue Line opened, E trains were replaced by the , and the GG was cut back to Smith–Ninth Streets. Following the completion of the Culver Ramp in 1954, Concourse Express trains replaced F service to Coney Island. In November 1967, the Chrystie Street Connection opened and D trains were rerouted via the Manhattan Bridge and the BMT Brighton Line to Coney Island. F trains were extended once again via the Culver Line.
The station acted as a local-only station from 1968 to 1976, when F trains ran express in both directions between Bergen Street and Church Avenue during rush hours. G trains were extended from Smith–Ninth Streets to Church Avenue to provide local service. Express service between Bergen and Church ended in 1976 due to budgetary concerns and passenger complaints, and the GG, later renamed the G, was again terminated at the Smith–Ninth Streets station.
In July 2009, the G was again extended from its terminus at Smith–Ninth Streets to a more efficient terminus at Church Avenue to accommodate the rehabilitation of the Culver Viaduct. The G extension was made permanent in July 2012. In July 2019, the MTA revealed plans to restore express service on the Culver Line between Jay Street and Church Avenue. Express service started on September 16, 2019.
BMT Fourth Avenue Line platforms.
The Ninth Street station on the BMT Fourth Avenue Line is a local station that has four tracks and two side platforms. The station is between to the north and to the south. White tiled curtain walls separate the express tracks from the local tracks, with several openings that allow a view of the tracks from the platforms. The walls were intended to improve ventilation, as passing trains would push air forward, rather than to the sides of the tunnel. Beige columns run along both platforms at the station's northern end where they were extended in 1970. The ceiling is lower in this section.
Prior to the station's 1970 renovation, it was finished all in white and marble tile, and it had its own color scheme to allow regular passengers to identify the station based only on the color of the marble trimmings. Since the renovation, the station walls have consisted of white cinderblock tiles, except for small recesses in the walls, which contain yellow-painted cinderblock tiles. The yellow cinderblock field contains the station-name signs and black text pointing to the exits.
Each platform has one same-level fare control area in the middle. The one on the Manhattan-bound platform has a turnstile bank, token booth, and one staircase going up to the northeast corner of Ninth Street and Fourth Avenue. This fare control area still has the station's original trim line with "9" tablets at regular intervals. The fare control area on the Bay Ridge-bound platform is unstaffed, containing one High Entry/Exit Turnstile, one exit-only turnstile, a row of four low turnstiles, and a staircase to the northwest corner of Ninth Street and Fourth Avenue. A small section of the original trim line is visible here as well.
At the extreme south end of both platforms, staircases lead up to exit/entrance areas at street level. The exit/entrance area on the Manhattan-bound (eastern) side of the station was closed for around 40 years before being reopened in February 2012. On each side, staircases go up to either of the IND platforms at Fourth Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="7023838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023838" title="My Urologist">
My Urologist



</doc>
<doc id="7023842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023842" title="Samuel Brannon">
Samuel Brannon



</doc>
<doc id="7023844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023844" title="River Tonge">
River Tonge

The River Tonge is a short river, splitting Bolton from contiguous Tonge, both in Greater Manchester, England.
The Tonge is formed at the "Meeting of the Waters", where Astley Brook, from Smithills in the west, meets the Eagley Brook drawing on more sources to the north. The Tonge meanders southwards, to the east of Bolton, past Springfield where it is joined by Bradshaw Brook, at the end of its route from the Jumbles and Wayoh reservoirs, close to Tonge Fold. The Tonge joins the smaller and thus counterintuitively superseding Croal at Darcy Lever, shortly before the Croal's confluence with the River Irwell.
Tonge Bridge section is a tract north of Tonge Bridge designated as a site of special scientific interest (SSSI). The site comprises the steep west right bank of the river. It was designated an SSSI 1987 for its geological interest, principally the fluvial sandstone which has yielded pteridosperm seeds, known as "Trigonocarpus". The well preserved nature of the seeds make it of considerable sedimentological and palaeogeographic interest. It is one of only seven geological SSSIs in Greater Manchester.
In 2017, invasive walking catfish "Clarias" were recovered from the river.
See also.
Manchester Bolton &amp; Bury Canal

</doc>
<doc id="7023846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023846" title="Chinjufu shogun">
Chinjufu shogun



</doc>
<doc id="7023849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023849" title="Montenegrin parliamentary election">
Montenegrin parliamentary election



</doc>
<doc id="7023854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023854" title="Lend-lease program">
Lend-lease program



</doc>
<doc id="7023858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023858" title="Karate Kat">
Karate Kat



</doc>
<doc id="7023863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023863" title="Victor Martínez">
Victor Martínez



</doc>
<doc id="7023866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023866" title="Yale University Library">
Yale University Library

Yale University Library is the library system of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Originating in 1701 with the gift of several dozen books to a new “Collegiate School," the library's collection now contains approximately 14.9 million volumes housed in fifteen university buildings and is the third-largest academic library system in North America and the second-largest housed on a singular campus.
The centerpiece of the library system is the Sterling Memorial Library, a Collegiate Gothic building constructed in 1931 and containing the main library offices, the university archives, a music library, and 3.5 million volumes. The library is also known for its major collection of rare books, housed primarily in the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library as well as the Cushing/Whitney Medical Library, the Lillian Goldman Law Library, and the Lewis Walpole Library in Farmington, Connecticut. Many schools and departments at Yale also maintain their own collections, comprising twelve on-campus facilities and an off-campus shelving facility.
The library subscribes to hundreds of research databases. Along with the Harvard Library and Columbia Libraries, it was a founding member of the Research Libraries Group consortium. The library is also a member of Borrow Direct, allowing patrons to check out volumes from major American research universities.
History.
Establishment (1650–1786).
Throughout the Collegiate School's nascence in the early 18th century, books were the most valuable assets the school could acquire. Although New Haven Colony founder John Davenport began collecting books for a college library in New Haven in the 1650s, the college is said to have been founded by the gift of “forty folios” in Branford, Connecticut by its ten founding Congregational ministers. All were theological texts, and those surviving are now stored in the Beinecke Library.
In the school's first three decades, three gifts established Yale's collection. In 1714, Jeremiah Dummer, Connecticut's colonial agent in Boston, wrote to distinguished English scholars requesting gifts of books for the colony's college, then operating in Saybrook, Connecticut. Over 800 volumes arrived in Boston and were sent to the college. Among the contributors were leading scientists including Isaac Newton, John Woodward, and Edmond Halley, who sent copies of their own tracts among their donations. Religious figures, including Richard Bentley, White Kennett, and Matthew Henry, fortified the theological collections, and other books arrived from Richard Steele, Richard Blackmore, and Dummer himself, who ultimately gave the college about two hundred books.
Four years later, Elihu Yale, who had previously given some books at Dummer's behest, sent 300 books along with other goods from his estate in Wales. The school, recently moved to New Haven, took Yale's name in recognition of the bequest. A third major donation arrived fifteen years later, when philosopher-bishop George Berkeley donated his 1,000-volume,a major assembly of classical works library to the school. Now holding a sizeable collection, Yale President Thomas Clap decided to catalogue the collection for the first time, then housed in the college's only building, the College House.
This first inventory already showed evidence of book losses and thefts. During the move from Saybrook to New Haven, residents angry to lose the collection overturned the ox-carts carrying the books and liberated much of the college's collection for private use. The collection, then about 4,000 items in total, was sent inland during the Revolutionary War, a move that culled nearly a third of the collection.
19th Century growth and the first College Library (1790–1930).
The library moved often during its first 150 years while the campus’ Old Brick Row was erected. From the all-timber College House it moved to the First Chapel (Athaneum) after its construction in 1763, to the new Lyceum building in 1804, then to the new Second Chapel in 1824. The first dedicated home for the collection, the College Library, was constructed between 1842 and 1846 and held the collection for almost ninety years. The Victorian Gothic building, designed by Henry Austin and considered an extravagance in its day, was modeled after Gore Hall, the library of Harvard College. Two university-affiliated literary societies, Linonia and Brothers in Unity, were given rooms in the library for their 10,000-book collections, as was the collection of the American Oriental Society. As the collection swelled beyond the building's 50,000-book capacity, it became necessary to add annex buildings to the Library: Chittenden Hall was finished in 1890, and Linsly Hall in 1906.
Sterling Library and research collections (1920–).
As the collection surpassed one million volumes in the 20th century, it became clear that the library would need a new building. In 1917, a $17-million bequest from John W. Sterling, stipulating Yale build "at least one enduring, useful and architecturally beautiful edifice," provided the means. The collection was moved to the Sterling Memorial Library in 1931, which quadrupled the library's shelving capacity and offered dedicated rooms for periodicals, reference works, and special collections.
Although it had received many important books and manuscripts pertaining to the contemporaneous development of science, the American colonies, and ecclesiastical history, it had received only piecemeal historical contributions, such as the Assyrian tablets received in 1855 that founded the Babylonian Collection. Beginning under the librarianship of Andrew Keogh in 1924, the library undertook a purposeful program of collecting rare books, personal papers, and archival works. English professor Chauncey Brewster Tinker mounted a campaign among Yale alumni to purchase or donate valuable items, and early gifts included a complete copy of the Gutenberg Bible, the papers of Gertrude Stein and Ezra Pound, and the papers of James Boswell. Having amassed a major rare books collection, the university established the Beinecke Library in 1963 as a specialized rare books storage and preservation facility, and leaving the Sterling Library's former Rare Book Room with a more modest archival collection.
The Sterling library is also home to the largest collection of Benjamin Franklin papers in the world, which it received as a gift in 1935 from William Smith Mason, of the Yale class of 1888, and is considered the largest and most valuable collection of materials ever given to the library. It is headquarters for the editorial staff who are collating and publishing "The Papers of Benjamin Franklin", an ongoing effort which began in 1954 and is expected to include up to 50 volumes, containing more than 30,000 extant Franklin papers.
More specialized facilities would follow: the Kline Science Library absorbed the library's science collections, the Mudd Library received social science books, and smaller libraries in engineering, physics, and geology were established by academic departments. By 2000, the library had expanded to more than a dozen facilities around campus, and retained over 500 staff. In 2012, many of the Science Hill libraries were re-consolidated at Kline Science Library as the Center for Science and Social Science Information.
Facilities.
Sterling Memorial Library.
The library's largest building, Sterling Memorial Library, contains about four million volumes in the humanities, social sciences, area studies, as well as several special collections projects and the department of Manuscripts and Archives. The Irving S. Gilmore Music Library resides within Sterling Library, and the building is connected via tunnel to the underground Bass Library, a facility for frequently-used materials.
Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Opened in 1963, the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library is the library's principal repository of rare and historical books and manuscripts. It holds approximately 800,000 volumes, including a Gutenberg Bible, the Voynich manuscript, the Vinland map, and the papers and manuscripts of major authors and artists, with particular strengths in American literature.
Lillian Goldman Law Library.
The Lillian Goldman Law Library, situated in Sterling Law Building of the Yale Law School, contains nearly 800,000 volumes relating to law and jurisprudence. These include one of the most significant collections of rare books pertaining to legal history, as well as the most complete collection of William Blackstone's commentaries.
Other major facilities.
The Harvey Cushing/John Hay Whitney Medical Library, Yale's medical library, houses a collection of historical medical works. The Center for Science and Social Science Information, situated in Kline Biology Tower on Science Hill, contains science and social science works consolidated from the former Kline Science Library facilities. The Haas Arts Library in Rudolph Hall houses art and architectural materials. The Yale Film Archive is a film archive with a collection of 35mm and 16mm film prints and original elements, as well as films on Blu-ray, DVD, and VHS.
The Yale University Library includes libraries beyond its campus in New Haven. The Lewis Walpole Library in Farmington, Connecticut is a research library for eighteenth-century studies and the prime source for the study of Horace Walpole and Strawberry Hill. The Library Shelving Facility, a closed-access, climate-controlled facility that houses 4 million infrequently-accessed volumes, is located in Hamden, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="7023867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023867" title="V. s. ramachandran">
V. s. ramachandran



</doc>
<doc id="7023869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023869" title="Raymond Mikesell">
Raymond Mikesell

Raymond Frech Mikesell (1913 – September 12, 2006) was an economics professor at the University of Oregon and was believed to be the last surviving economist from the Bretton Woods Conference.
Biography.
Mikesell was born in Eaton, Ohio. He received a bachelor's degree from Ohio State University (OSU) and, in 1939, received a doctorate in economics from OSU. From 1937 to 1941, he was assistant professor at the University of Washington.
During World War II, Mikesell became an adviser to Assistant Treasury Secretary Harry Dexter White. Mikesell was a member of the technical staff at the Bretton Woods Conference, which resulted in the creation of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. In his "Bretton Woods Debates: A Memoir", Mikesell notes that he provided White with data that supported the United States' free trade position and calculated the initial quotas for the World Bank and IMF. He was a close friend of White, Frank Coe, and Sol Adler, and believed that they were not Communist sympathizers.
Mikesell served the U.S. government in a number of capacities, including serving as representative of the United States Treasury Department in Cairo in 1943–44 and as the U.S. delegate to the Middle East Financial Conference in Cairo (April, 1944); as a member of the United States Currency Mission to Saudi Arabia (1948); as member of the staff of the National Commission on Materials Policy; and Chief of the Foreign Resources Division (1951). He also served as an economic adviser to the Joint British-American Cabinet Committee on Palestine.
He served as a consultant to the World Bank, the United Nations and the Organization of American States. He later argued for reform of the International Monetary Fund and abolishment of the World Bank, which he thought had become a useless and expensive bureaucracy. He was a member of the editorial board on the Middle East Journal from 1947.
Mikesell joined the University of Virginia department of Economics as professor in 1946 and accepted the W.E. Miner Chair at the University of Oregon in 1957, where he taught until 1993. He served as vice president for the Academy of International Business on the 1971–1972 board and was elected as an AIB Fellow in 1981. He was an avid tennis player and active outdoorsman, and he often took his doctoral students hiking before advising them on their dissertations as they sat around a campfire.
Mikesell died at his home in Eugene, Oregon, aged 93, from natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="7023870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023870" title="Sex strike">
Sex strike

A sex strike (sex boycott), or more formally known as Lysistratic nonaction (an ode to the Ancient Greek comedy "Lysistrata"), is a method of nonviolent resistance in which one or more persons refrain from or refuse sex with partners until policy or social demands are met. It is a form of temporary sexual abstinence. Sex strikes have been used to protest many issues, from war to gang violence to policies.
The effectiveness of sex strikes is contested.
History.
Ancient Greece.
The most famous example of a sex strike in the arts is the Greek playwright Aristophanes' work "Lysistrata", an anti-war comedy. The female characters in the play, led by the eponymous Lysistrata, withhold sex from their husbands as part of their strategy to end the Peloponnesian War.
Nigeria.
Among the Igbo people of Nigeria, in pre-colonial times, the community of women periodically formed themselves into a Council, a kind of women's trade union. This was headed by the Agba Ekwe, 'the favoured one of the goddess Idemili and her earthly manifestation'. She carried her staff of authority and had the final word in public gatherings and assemblies. Central among her tasks was to ensure men's good behaviour, punishing male attempts at harassment or abuse. What men most feared was the council's power of strike action. According to Ifi Amadiume, an Igbo anthropologist: "The strongest weapon the Council had and used against the men was the right to order mass strikes and demonstrations by all women. When ordered to strike, women refused to perform their expected duties and roles, including all domestic, sexual and maternal services. They would leave the town "en masse", carrying only suckling babies. If angry enough, they were known to attack any men they met."
World history and prehistory.
Citing similar examples of women's strike action in hunter-gatherer and other precolonial traditions around the world, some anthropologists argue that it was thanks to solidarity of this kind—especially collective resistance to the possibility of rape—that language, culture, and religion became established in our species in the first instance. This controversial hypothesis is known as the "Female Cosmetic Coalitions", "Lysistrata", or "sex strike" theory of human origins.
Modern times.
Africa.
Kenya.
In April 2009 a group of Kenyan women organised a week-long sex strike aimed at politicians, encouraging the wives of the president and prime minister to join in too, and offering to pay prostitutes for lost earnings if they joined in.
Liberia.
In 2003 Leymah Gbowee and the Women of Liberia Mass Action for Peace organized nonviolence protests that included suggesting a sex strike, though this was not actually carried out. Their actions led to peace in Liberia after a 14‑year civil war and the election of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, country's first female head of state. Leymah Gbowee was awarded the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize "for her non-violent struggle for the safety of women and for women's rights to full participation in peace-building work."
South Sudan.
In October 2014, Pricilla Nanyang, a politician in South Sudan, coordinated a meeting of women peace activists in Juba "to advance the cause of peace, healing and reconciliation." Attendees issued a statement which called on women of South Sudan "to deny their husbands conjugal rights until they ensure that peace returns."
Togo.
In 2012, inspired by the 2003 Liberian sex strike, the Togolese opposition coalition "Let's Save Togo" asked women to abstain from sex for a week as a protest against President Faure Gnassingbé, whose family has been in power for more than 45 years. The strike aimed to "motivate men who are not involved in the political movement to pursue its goals". Opposition leader Isabelle Ameganvi views it as a possible "weapon of the battle" to achieve political change.
Elsewhere.
Colombia.
In October 1997, the chief of the Military of Colombia, General Manuel Bonnet publicly called for a sex strike among the wives and girlfriends of the Colombian left-wing guerrillas, drug traffickers, and paramilitaries as part of a strategy—along with diplomacy—to achieve a ceasefire. Also the mayor of Bogotá, Antanas Mockus, declared the capital a women-only zone for one night, suggesting men to stay at home to reflect on violence. The guerrillas ridiculed the initiatives, pointing at the fact that there were more than 2,000 women in their army. In the end the ceasefire was achieved, but lasted only a short time.
In September 2006 dozens of wives and girlfriends of gang members from Pereira, Colombia, started a sex strike called "La huelga de las piernas cruzadas" ("the strike of crossed legs") to curb gang violence, in response to 480 deaths due to gang violence in the coffee region. According to spokeswoman Jennifer Bayer, the specific target of the strike was to force gang members to turn in their weapons in compliance with the law. According to them, many gang members were involved in violent crime for status and sexual attractiveness, and the strike sent the message that refusing to turn in the guns was not sexy. In 2010 the city's murder rate saw the steepest decline in Colombia, down by 26.5%.
In June 2011, women organized in the so-called Crossed Legs Movement in the secluded town of Barbacoas in southwestern Colombia, started a sex strike to pressure the government to repair the road connecting Barbacoas and its neighboring towns and cities. They declared that if the men of the town were not going to demand action, they would refuse to have sex with them. The men of Barbacoas showed no support at the beginning of the campaign, but they soon joined in the protest campaign. After 112 days strike in October 2011, the Colombian government promised action on road repairs. Construction ensued and the strike ended.
Naples, Italy.
In the build-up to New Year's Eve in 2008, hundreds of Neapolitan women pledged to make their husbands and lovers "sleep on the sofa" unless they took action to prevent fireworks from causing serious injuries.
The Philippines.
During the summer of 2011, women in rural Mindanao imposed a several-week-long sex strike in an attempt to end fighting between their two villages.
United States of America.
In 2019, Georgia governor, Brian Kemp (R), signed House Bill (HB) 481 into law. It was immediately blocked by a lawsuit. HB 481 criminalizes most abortions after six weeks and adds a “fetal personhood” language. This language changes the definition of a “natural person” to include an unborn child at any stage of development in the womb. This law has been nicknamed a “heartbeat bill” because HB 481 states that no abortion will be performed if the physician determines that they detect a human heartbeat.
In response to this bill's passage, actress and #MeToo activist, Alyssa Milano and Waleisah Wilson wrote an opinion editorial for CNN and went to Twitter to call for a sex strike until the policy was repealed. In the , Milano calls on women to join her sex strike until women “have legal control over [their] own bodies” because women cannot risk a pregnancy under this new bill. In her CNN opinion piece, Milano states that there are similar bills to the one in Georgia and that the single purpose of them is to make it up to the Supreme Court, forcing them reconsider "Roe v. Wade" (1973). In this opinion piece, Milano discusses the history of Lysistratic protest, calls on people who can become pregnant to conduct a sex strike, and pay attention to current events. Milano encourages a sex strike in addition to other efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="7023871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023871" title="Monolithic application">
Monolithic application

In software engineering, a monolithic application is a single unified software application that is self-contained and independent from other applications, but typically lacks flexibility. There are advantages and disadvantages of building applications in a monolithic style of software architecture, depending on requirements. Monolith applications are relatively simple and have a low cost but their shortcomings are lack of elasticity, fault tolerance and scalability. Alternative styles to monolithic applications include multitier architectures, distributed computing and microservices. Despite their popularity in recent years, monolithic applications are still a good choice for applications with small team and little complexity. However, once it becomes too complex, you can consider refactoring it into microservices or a distributed application. Note that a monolithic application deployed on a single machine, may be performant enough for your current workload but it's less available, less durable, less changeable, less fine-tuned and less scalable than a well designed distributed system.
The design philosophy is that the application is responsible not just for a particular task, but can perform every step needed to complete a particular function. Some personal finance applications are monolithic in the sense that they help the user carry out a complete task, end to end, and are private data silos rather than parts of a larger system of applications that work together. Some word processors are monolithic applications. These applications are sometimes associated with mainframe computers.
In software engineering, a monolithic application describes a software application that is designed as a single service. Multiple services can be desirable in certain scenarios as it can facilitate maintenance by allowing repair or replacement of parts of the application without requiring wholesale replacement.
Modularity is achieved to various extents by different modular programming approaches. Code-based modularity allows developers to reuse and repair parts of the application, but development tools are required to perform these maintenance functions (e.g. the application may need to be recompiled). Object-based modularity provides the application as a collection of separate executable files that may be independently maintained and replaced without redeploying the entire application (e.g. Microsoft's Dynamic-link library (DLL); Sun/UNIX shared object files). Some object messaging capabilities allow object-based applications to be distributed across multiple computers (e.g. Microsoft's Component Object Model (COM)). Service-oriented architectures use specific communication standards/protocols to communicate between modules.
In its original use, the term "monolithic" described enormous mainframe applications with no usable modularity. This, in combination with the rapid increase in computational power and therefore rapid increase in the complexity of the problems which could be tackled by software, resulted in unmaintainable systems and the "software crisis".
Patterns.
Here are common architectural patterns used for monolithic applications, each has its own trade-offs:

</doc>
<doc id="7023874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023874" title="Endangered Species Act (1973)">
Endangered Species Act (1973)



</doc>
<doc id="7023878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023878" title="Stokmarknes, Norway">
Stokmarknes, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7023880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023880" title="St James’s, London">
St James’s, London



</doc>
<doc id="7023882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023882" title="Shahin Afrassiabi">
Shahin Afrassiabi

Shahin Afrassiabi (born 1963, in Tehran) is an artist and author who has been based in London, Berlin and Spain.
His early work can be characterised as mixed media installations, using everyday building materials and domestic objects in juxtaposition, including use of shop window displays as a motif. It has been suggested his work is influenced by architectural practice and early 20th century design, including Russian Constructivism. More recent works have included oil paintings and drawings.
Education.
Afrassiabi studied for an MA in Fine Art at Goldsmiths College, graduating in 1997. He set up The Trade Apartment with architect Raymond Brinkman in 1998, and held his first solo show, 'You're a Heavenly Thing' in 2000.
Career.
In 2001 he was one of ten artists selected for the Institute of Contemporary Arts' Beck's Futures Arts award for his mixed media work 'Jalousie Gelocht als Blend Schultz' which is now in the permanent collection of Leeds Art Gallery.
Exhibitions.
His work has featured in a number of international exhibitions, examples including:

</doc>
<doc id="7023883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023883" title="Five and ten">
Five and ten



</doc>
<doc id="7023886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023886" title="Okotoks Bisons">
Okotoks Bisons

The Okotoks Bisons are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Okotoks, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the South Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League (HJHL). They play their home games at Murray Arena.
History.
Founded in 1985, the Bisons were originally known as the Okotoks 85ers and played in the Southern Alberta Junior Hockey League. They moved to the Calgary Junior Hockey League in 1989 – changing to the Foothills Bisons one year later – before settling in the Heritage Junior B Hockey League (HJHL) in 1991.
The Bison’s have been the most successful franchise in HJHL history, earning 20 League Final Appearances, 17 1st Place Finishes, 14 HJHL Playoff Championships, 10 Provincial Medals and 1 Western Canadian Championship Medal. The program is also seen as one of the best across Canada with recent national rankings of #1 in 2023-24, #2 2022-23 &amp; #4 in 2021-22. 
The Bison’s were at their all-time high between 2011 and 2014 where they made league history by being the first and only team since to win four consecutive league titles in the HJHL. A feat they had come close to in 2001–2003 winning three consecutively. Today, the Bison’s look to capture their fourth consecutive league championships as they have most recently been crowned League Champs in 2022, 2023 &amp; 2024. 
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Russ Barnes Trophy.
Alberta Jr B Provincial Championships
Awards and trophies.
HJHL Championship
ALBERTA Championship

</doc>
<doc id="7023889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023889" title="Yam Cake">
Yam Cake



</doc>
<doc id="7023898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023898" title="Stop motion feature">
Stop motion feature



</doc>
<doc id="7023901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023901" title="Stop-motion feature">
Stop-motion feature



</doc>
<doc id="7023904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023904" title="Stop-motion feature film">
Stop-motion feature film



</doc>
<doc id="7023907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023907" title="Feminisation of poverty">
Feminisation of poverty



</doc>
<doc id="7023910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023910" title="Stop motion feature film">
Stop motion feature film



</doc>
<doc id="7023914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023914" title="Berliner SV 1892">
Berliner SV 1892

Berliner SV 1892 is a German association football club from the district of Wilmersdorf, Berlin. "BSV" is one of the country's oldest clubs and was a founding member of the DFB (German Football Association) in 1900. The club also operates a rugby union department, Berliner SV 92 Rugby, which, in 1948, reached the German rugby union championship final.
History.
Britannia Berlin.
The club was founded as "Berliner Thor- und Fussball Club Britannia in 1892" and fielded both football and cricket teams, which alongside rugby were English sports becoming popular in continental Europe at the time. The team first appeared in the city's top flight competition in 1899. In July 1914, after retiring as a player, England national football team and Derby County F.C. legend Steve Bloomer went to Germany to coach Britannia Berlin 92. However within three weeks of arriving the First World War broke out and Bloomer found himself interned at Ruhleben, a civilian detention camp in the Spandau district of Berlin.
National championship denied.
"BTuFC Britannia" was scheduled to appear in the 1904 national final against VfB Leipzig, regarded at the time as a weaker side despite being the country's defending champion. However, the match was never played. "Britannia" had earlier defeated Karlsruher FV 6–1 in a game played in Berlin. "KFV" protested the result because the match had not been played at a neutral venue as required under league rules. The DFB cancelled the final match which was to be held in Kassel and the Viktoria trophy was not awarded that year.
Berliner SV.
After World War I, the club merged with BFC Fortuna and dropped its name association with wartime foe Britain to become "Berliner Sport Verein 92". The team played as a mid-table side in the Verbandsliga Berlin-Brandenburg/Oberliga Berlin-Brandenburg throughout the 1920s and into the early 1930s. After the re-organization of German football into sixteen top flight divisions under the Third Reich in 1933, "BSV" appeared in the Gauliga Berlin-Brandenburg. During the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, their field, BSV 92 Field, hosted some of the handball games while the stadium itself hosted the track cycling events. They won divisional titles in 1936 and 1938, and won the Danzig Pokal in 1939, before being relegated in 1941. Upon their return to first-division football in the 1942–43 season "BSV" immediately claimed another divisional championship, and looked to be on the way to a fourth title in the war-shortened 1944–45 season. In each case the club was unable to advance beyond the preliminary round of the national playoffs.
After the end of the World War II, most organizations in Germany, including sports and football clubs, were ordered to be disbanded by the Allied administration as part of the process of denazification. "BSV" was re-formed as "Sportgeminde Wilmersdorf" and resumed playing in the Berlin league in 1945. They won Gruppe A and then took the league title in a four-team playoff. The Berlin league became the Oberliga Berlin (I) the next season and "Wilmersdorf" earned two consecutive second-place finishes. Following the partition of Germany and Berlin, Wilmersdorf, home of BSV became part of West Berlin. The club took on its old name for the 1948–49 season and as "Berliner SV" went on to capture divisional titles in 1949 and 1954 before once again going out early in the West German national playoffs.
The team did not seriously challenge again through the late 1950s and early 1960s. When the Bundesliga, West Germany's new professional football league, was formed in 1963, the club found itself playing in the second division Regionalliga Berlin. 1974 brought the beginning of a slide that would see the team descend through the Amateurliga Berlin (III) to the Landesliga Berlin (IV) by the end of the decade. By the turn of the millennium "BSV" was playing seventh-division football in the Bezirksliga Berlin. Today the team plays in the Kreisliga Berlin A, Staffel 2 (IX).
Honours.
The club's honours:
German internationals.
A number of players have achieved selection for the Germany national football team while playing for BSV 92:
Rugby.
The clubs rugby union department, Berliner SV 92 Rugby, played in the 2. Rugby-Bundesliga in 2008–09, finishing ninth out of ten teams.
Cricket.
Britannia Cricket Club, was founded in 1892, and won the Berlin Cricket Championship in 1900, 1903 and 1911. "Britannia" is affiliated with the ODCV (Ostdeutscher Cricket Verband) on a regional level, and to the DCB (Deutscher Cricket Bund) on a national level. They compete in the Bundesliga-Ost and won the Bundesliga-Ost title for the first time in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="7023918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023918" title="Stopmotion feature film">
Stopmotion feature film



</doc>
<doc id="7023923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023923" title="Stopmotion feature">
Stopmotion feature



</doc>
<doc id="7023925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023925" title="Svelvik, Norway">
Svelvik, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7023929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023929" title="Stop motion film">
Stop motion film



</doc>
<doc id="7023930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023930" title="Erik Cartwright">
Erik Cartwright



</doc>
<doc id="7023931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023931" title="Plasma beta">
Plasma beta

The beta of a plasma, symbolized by , is the ratio of the plasma pressure ("p" = "n""k"B"T") to the magnetic pressure ("p"mag = "B"2/2"μ"0). The term is commonly used in studies of the Sun and Earth's magnetic field, and in the field of fusion power designs.
In the fusion power field, plasma is often confined using strong magnets. Since the temperature of the fuel scales with pressure, reactors attempt to reach the highest pressures possible. The costs of large magnets roughly scales like "β"1/2. Therefore, beta can be thought of as a ratio of money out to money in for a reactor, and beta can be thought of (very approximately) as an economic indicator of reactor efficiency. For tokamaks, betas of larger than 0.05 or 5% are desired for economically viable electrical production.
The same term is also used when discussing the interactions of the solar wind with various magnetic fields. For example, beta in the corona of the Sun is about 0.01.
Background.
Fusion basics.
Nuclear fusion occurs when the nuclei of two atoms approach closely enough for the nuclear force to pull them together into a single larger nucleus. The strong force is opposed by the electrostatic force created by the positive charge of the nuclei's protons, pushing the nuclei apart. The amount of energy that is needed to overcome this repulsion is known as the Coulomb barrier. The amount of energy released by the fusion reaction when it occurs may be greater or less than the Coulomb barrier. Generally, lighter nuclei with a smaller number of protons and greater number of neutrons will have the greatest ratio of energy released to energy required, and the majority of fusion power research focusses on the use of deuterium and tritium, two isotopes of hydrogen.
Even using these isotopes, the Coulomb barrier is large enough that the nuclei must be given great amounts of energy before they will fuse. Although there are a number of ways to do this, the simplest is to heat the gas mixture, which, according to the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution, will result in a small number of particles with the required energy even when the gas as a whole is relatively "cool" compared to the Coulomb barrier energy. In the case of the D-T mixture, rapid fusion will occur when the gas is heated to about 100 million degrees.
Confinement.
This temperature is well beyond the physical limits of any material container that might contain the gases, which has led to a number of different approaches to solving this problem. The main approach relies on the nature of the fuel at high temperatures. When the fusion fuel gasses are heated to the temperatures required for rapid fusion, they will be completely ionized into a plasma, a mixture of electrons and nuclei forming a globally neutral gas. As the particles within the gas are charged, this allows them to be manipulated by electric or magnetic fields. This gives rise to the majority of controlled fusion concepts.
Even if this temperature is reached, the gas will be constantly losing energy to its surroundings (cooling off). This gives rise to the concept of the "confinement time", the amount of time the plasma is maintained at the required temperature. However, the fusion reactions might deposit their energy back into the plasma, heating it back up, which is a function of the density of the plasma. These considerations are combined in the Lawson criterion, or its modern form, the fusion triple product. In order to be efficient, the rate of fusion energy being deposited into the reactor would ideally be greater than the rate of loss to the surroundings, a condition known as "ignition".
Magnetic confinement fusion approach.
In magnetic confinement fusion (MCF) reactor designs, the plasma is confined within a vacuum chamber using a series of magnetic fields. These fields are normally created using a combination of electromagnets and electrical currents running through the plasma itself. Systems using only magnets are generally built using the stellarator approach, while those using current only are the pinch machines. The most studied approach since the 1970s is the tokamak, where the fields generated by the external magnets and internal current are roughly equal in magnitude.
In all of these machines, the density of the particles in the plasma is very low, often described as a "poor vacuum". This limits its approach to the triple product along the temperature and time axis. This requires magnetic fields on the order of tens of Teslas, currents in the megaampere, and confinement times on the order of tens of seconds. Generating currents of this magnitude is relatively simple, and a number of devices from large banks of capacitors to homopolar generators have been used. However, generating the required magnetic fields is another issue, generally requiring expensive superconducting magnets. For any given reactor design, the cost is generally dominated by the cost of the magnets.
Beta.
Given that the magnets are a dominant factor in reactor design, and that density and temperature combine to produce pressure, the ratio of the pressure of the plasma to the magnetic energy density naturally becomes a useful figure of merit when comparing MCF designs. Plainly, the higher the beta value, the more economically viable the design is and further the higher Q value the design possibly has. In effect, the ratio illustrates how effectively a design confines its plasma. This ratio, beta, is widely used in the fusion field:
formula_2 is normally measured in terms of the total magnetic field. However, in any real-world design, the strength of the field varies over the volume of the plasma, so to be specific, the average beta is sometimes referred to as the "beta toroidal". In the tokamak design the total field is a combination of the external toroidal field and the current-induced poloidal one, so the "beta poloidal" is sometimes used to compare the relative strengths of these fields. And as the external magnetic field is the driver of reactor cost, "beta external" is used to consider just this contribution.
Troyon beta limit.
In a tokamak, for a stable plasma, formula_2 is always much smaller than 1 (otherwise thermal pressure would cause the plasma to grow and move in the vacuum chamber until confinement is lost). Ideally, a MCF device would want to have as high beta as possible, as this would imply the minimum amount of magnetic force needed for confinement. In practice, most tokamaks operate at beta of order 0.01, or 1%. Spherical tokamaks typically operate at beta values an order of magnitude higher. The record was set by the START device at 0.4, or 40%.
These low achievable betas are due to instabilities in the plasma generated through the interaction of the fields and the motion of the particles due to the induced current. As the amount of current is increased in relation to the external field, these instabilities become uncontrollable. In early pinch experiments the current dominated the field components and the kink and sausage instabilities were common, today collectively referred to as "low-n instabilities". As the relative strength of the external magnetic field is increased, these simple instabilities are damped out, but at a critical field other "high-n instabilities" will invariably appear, notably the ballooning mode. For any given fusion reactor design, there is a limit to the beta it can sustain. As beta is a measure of economic merit, a practical tokamak based fusion reactor must be able to sustain a beta above some critical value, which is calculated to be around 5%.
Through the 1980s the understanding of the high-n instabilities grew considerably. Shafranov and Yurchenko first published on the issue in 1971 in a general discussion of tokamak design, but it was the work by Wesson and Sykes in 1983 and Francis Troyon in 1984 that developed these concepts fully. Troyon's considerations, or the "Troyon limit", closely matched the real-world performance of existing machines. It has since become so widely used that it is often known simply as "the" beta limit in tokamaks.
The Troyon limit is given as:
where "I" is the plasma current, formula_5 is the external magnetic field, and a is the minor radius of the tokamak (see torus for an explanation of the directions). formula_6 was determined numerically, and is normally given as 0.028 if "I" is measured in megaamperes. However, it is also common to use 2.8 if formula_7 is expressed as a percentage.
Given that the Troyon limit suggested a formula_7 around 2.5 to 4%, and a practical reactor had to have a formula_7 around 5%, the Troyon limit was a serious concern when it was introduced. However, it was found that formula_6 changed dramatically with the shape of the plasma, and non-circular systems would have much better performance. Experiments on the DIII-D machine (the second D referring to the cross-sectional shape of the plasma) demonstrated higher performance, and the spherical tokamak design outperformed the Troyon limit by about 10 times.
Astrophysics.
Beta is also sometimes used when discussing the interaction of plasma in space with different magnetic fields. A common example is the interaction of the solar wind with the magnetic fields of the Sun or Earth. In this case, the betas of these natural phenomena are generally much smaller than those seen in reactor designs; the Sun's corona has a beta around 1%. Active regions have much higher beta, over 1 in some cases, which makes the area unstable.

</doc>
<doc id="7023933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023933" title="Opentpd">
Opentpd



</doc>
<doc id="7023934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023934" title="Stop-motion films">
Stop-motion films



</doc>
<doc id="7023935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023935" title="Stop-motion film">
Stop-motion film



</doc>
<doc id="7023937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023937" title="Svolvær, Norway">
Svolvær, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7023939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023939" title="Debbie Darnell">
Debbie Darnell



</doc>
<doc id="7023940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023940" title="Why Can't This Be Love">
Why Can't This Be Love

"Why Can't This Be Love" is a song by the American rock band Van Halen for their seventh studio album, "5150" (1986). The song was the group's first single with Sammy Hagar, replacing founding member David Lee Roth. It was released on both 7" and 12" formats with the latter having an extended version featuring extra lyrics. 
In the US, it went to number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and hit number one on the "Cashbox" Top 100, the week of May 16. It was a top 10 hit in the United Kingdom, Australia and Germany and a top 20 single in Canada, the Netherlands and Sweden.
Background.
"5150" was a detour from the band, and the direction they would follow centered on a more keyboard-driven sound. 
"The old people that were in doubt, they heard (imitates keyboard riff notes) ‘Why Can’t This Be Love’ and they just went, ‘Whoa, this is a new sound for Van Halen,'" said Hagar in 2023. "You know that keyboard riff sounded like a guitar riff. [Whereas] previous stuff like ‘Jump’ sounded like a synthesizer. So some of the hardcore guitar people rebelled a little bit, but they got a whole new audience with that. And we just satisfied them, and they stayed. And we just went out, and every show sold out in minutes, and we went out and just killed it."
Reception.
"Cash Box" called it "a powerful pop/rock kicker." "Billboard" said "hard-rocking hooks alternate with trademark guitar workouts."
Chuck Klosterman of Vulture.com ranked it the worst Van Halen song, saying that the band's decision to release the song as the first single of the Sammy Hagar era was "the worst decision the band ever made," but said it was not his least favorite Van Halen song to listen to.
Live performances and in popular culture.
During the "5150" and "OU812" tours, Eddie Van Halen played the keyboard parts (using either a Kurzweil K250 or Yamaha KX88 connected by MIDI to an OB-8 backstage) while Hagar played the guitar parts and the solo. For the "For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge" and subsequent tours, Van Halen took over the guitar parts and the keyboards were played backstage. Starting during the 1995 "Balance" tour, Michael Anthony and Eddie Van Halen would sing the second verse of the song during live performances. They would continue to do this on both the 1998 and 2004 tours.
The song is often a source of humor since it contains this tautological lyric: "Only time will tell if we stand the test of time". In 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" named this the eighth worst lyric of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="7023942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023942" title="Cornelius Clifford Floyd">
Cornelius Clifford Floyd



</doc>
<doc id="7023943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023943" title="Peripheral vascular cutdown">
Peripheral vascular cutdown



</doc>
<doc id="7023944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023944" title="Skie">
Skie



</doc>
<doc id="7023948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023948" title="List of stop-motion-animated films">
List of stop-motion-animated films



</doc>
<doc id="7023950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023950" title="List of stop motion-animated films">
List of stop motion-animated films



</doc>
<doc id="7023967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023967" title="Tvedestrand, Norway">
Tvedestrand, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7023970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023970" title="Shahin afrassiabi">
Shahin afrassiabi



</doc>
<doc id="7023973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023973" title="Max Rubin">
Max Rubin

Max Rubin is a gambling expert and author best known for his book "Comp City: A Guide to Free Gambling Vacations". The book teaches players how to maximize casino perks with little actual wagering. Rubin is also a gambling analyst for television; he served as commentator for the first two seasons of the GSN's "World Series of Blackjack", along with Matt Vasgersian, and co-hosts the "Ultimate Blackjack Tour" with Nick GAS' Mati Moralejo on CBS. Rubin is a member of the Blackjack Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Blackjack Ball.
Rubin has frequent speaking engagements across the country. Additionally, he has also done consulting work for many casinos including Harrah's, Hilton Casinos, and Mirage Resorts, and he now exclusively teaches the staff at the Barona Casino in San Diego how to spot and counter many cheating techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="7023985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023985" title="WKRZ">
WKRZ

WKRZ (98.5 FM, "98.5 KRZ") is a commercial radio station licensed to Freeland, Pennsylvania, and serving the Wilkes-Barre - Scranton - Northeastern Pennsylvania radio market. It has aired a contemporary hit radio format since 1980. The station is owned by Audacy, Inc., through licensee Audacy License, LLC.
WKRZ has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 8,700 watts. The station broadcasts using HD Radio; the country music programming of sister station WGGY ("Froggy 101") is heard on its HD2 digital subchannel and Family Life Network is heard on its HD3 digital subchannel. The transmitter tower is located in Bear Creek Township at (). WKRZ programming is simulcast on WKRF (107.9 FM) in Tobyhanna, serving the Stroudsburg area of Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
History.
The station first signed on in 1948. The call sign was WBRE-FM, originally licensed to Wilkes-Barre. It was the sister station to WBRE (1480 AM, now WYCK). The WBRE call letters stood for Baltimore Radio Exchange for the original owner, the Baltimore family, and not Wilkes-Barre like commonly thought. WBRE-AM-FM evolved through a number of radio formats and by the 1970s, was all-news radio. At first, the stations used NBC's NIS (News and Information Service). When that was discontinued, it ran the all-news format with its own staff. WBRE-FM, up to that point, broadcast in FM mono since its start in 1948. The station's audience was loyal but the ratings were not great.
WBRE-FM made a big change in 1980, when it was sold. The new owners added FM stereo, along with a format switch to contemporary hit radio music, and with the call sign change to the present WKRZ. WKRZ has been a contemporary hit radio station since 1980, branded at first as "98½ FM KRZ". The station was sold in 1999 to Entercom Communications.
Entercom received Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approval in 2003 to move co-owned WAMT (103.1 FM, now WILK-FM) from Freeland to Avoca. As a condition of the move, Entercom agreed to change the city of license of WKRZ from Wilkes-Barre to Freeland due to FCC concerns about the "loss of local service" to Freeland because of the WAMT move. In practice, the only change was the legal station identification. The studios remained in Wilkes-Barre and the transmitter remains in Bear Creek Township.
Stations.
One full-power station simulcasts the programming of WKRZ:
This station was originally assigned the WPMR call sign on November 29, 1989. The call sign was changed to WPMR-FM on March 11, 1992 and was off the air but began a simulcast of WKRZ in 1995. Its call sign was changed to WKRF on May 15, 1995.
Signal note.
WKRZ is short-spaced to WYCR "Rocky 98.5" (licensed to serve York-Hanover, Pennsylvania) as they operate on the same channel and the distance between the stations' transmitters is 110 miles as determined by FCC rules. The minimum distance between two Class B stations operating on the same channel according to current FCC rules is 150 miles.

</doc>
<doc id="7023989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023989" title="Jonathon Band">
Jonathon Band

Admiral Sir Jonathon Band (born 2 February 1950) is a retired Royal Navy officer who was the First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff from 2006 to 2009. Before serving as First Sea Lord he was Commander-in-Chief Fleet. Since becoming First Sea Lord, Band had been a firm advocate of the creation of new ships to meet new threats and maintain the status of the Royal Navy as one of the world's leading naval forces.
Early life.
Born the son of Victor and Muriel Band, Band attended two independent schools: Brambletye School, a preparatory school, in Ashurst Wood, West Sussex, and from the age of thirteen, Haileybury and Imperial Service College. He entered the Royal Navy in 1967, before undertaking sea training in the Far East. He returned to the UK on an undergraduate programme and studied for three years at the University of Exeter, gaining a BA in 1972.
Early naval career.
After graduating from Exeter, Band served in junior officer appointments in HMS "Lewiston" and HMS "Rothesay". He was confirmed in the rank of sub-lieutenant on 1 September 1971. In the mid 1970s, he undertook an exchange programme with the United States Navy and served on board the guided missile cruiser, USS "Belknap", which is now no longer in service. He was promoted to lieutenant on 30 January 1974. Following warfare training in 1976 and 1977 he served for two years as the principal warfare officer and operations officer on board the frigate HMS "Eskimo". This appointment included deployments to the West Indies and South Atlantic.
From 1979 and 1981 he commanded the minesweeper HMS "Soberton" for nearly two years in the Fishery Protection Squadron around the British coast. Between 1981 and 1983 he also served as flag lieutenant to Commander-in-Chief Fleet, a period where he was involved in the Falklands War. Promoted to the rank of commander on 30 June 1983, he assumed command of the frigate HMS "Phoebe". The frigate operated in NATO waters, at the time of the RN’s first operational experience with surface ship towed passive sonar. In 1985 he attended the Joint Services Defence College and was soon appointed to the Defence Staff in the Ministry of Defence in the Directorate of Defence Policy. Promoted to captain on 30 June 1988, he left the Directorate of Policy and commanded HMS "Norfolk". He was also responsible for helping re-equip 9th Frigate Squadron, the first Type 23 frigate squadron.
In 1991, he became the Assistant Director Navy Plans and Programmes in the Ministry of Defence, a period that saw the implementation of the "Options for Change" Review. In 1994 he was a member of the Defence Costs Study (Front Line First) Secretariat. He was appointed Aide-de-Camp to the Queen on 9 April 1995. His last sea command was that of HMS "Illustrious", the aircraft carrier, between 1995 and 1997. The period included two operational deployments to the Adriatic in which he and "Illustrious" supported the intervention of the U.S., the United Nations, and NATO operations in Bosnia.
In May 1997 he was elevated to flag rank and promoted to rear admiral. He returned to the Ministry of Defence as Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff. This appointment included the period of the Strategic Defence Review, in which he was heavily involved in the Royal Navy's contributions to the review. He left this appointment in December 1999 and assumed the position of team leader of the Defence Education and Training Study in January 2000 with the rank of vice admiral.
Commander-in-Chief Fleet.
After a tour as Deputy Commander-in-Chief Fleet from May 2001, Band was promoted to full admiral and served as Commander-in-Chief Fleet, responsible for the preparation and operation of the ships, submarines and aircraft of the Royal Navy based at Northwood between August 2002 and November 2005. In that post he was involved in the planning of the Iraq War and also had a NATO command as Commander Allied Maritime Component Command, Northwood. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the 2002 New Year Honours.
In 2003 he spoke out for the crew of , for their efforts on achieving the longest deployment time of a submarine. "Turbulent" was away for more than ten months and he stated "They are a huge credit. The submarine has done the equivalent of going twice around the world." In March 2004 he spent several weeks touring naval facilities and ships in the Caribbean, including Antigua.
In the Trafalgar 200 celebrations, celebrating the British victory at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805, Band attended the ceremonies and the fleet review in the UK. In an interview, he stated:
First Sea Lord.
In February 2006 Band took over the positions of First Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Staff from Admiral Sir Alan West and in a press statement set out the Navy's priorities in the 21st century. Upon taking up the post of First Sea Lord he became the professional head of the Royal Navy. Band is a proponent for the Sustained surface combatant capability and the creation of new ships to maintain the Royal Navy as one of the world's leading navies. These include the new Type 45 destroyer and the Royal Navy CVF programme, designed to replace the UK's current aircraft carriers.
In June 2006 he went on a fact finding and diplomatic mission to Pakistan where he met the head of the Pakistan Air Force, the head of the Pakistan Navy and the Army Chief of Staff. On the following day he met with the President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa.
In November 2006 he attended a press conference on HMS "Illustrious", which was moored in the River Thames at Greenwich. He announced that the 25th anniversary of the Falklands War would be commemorated across 8,000 miles and four time zones – in London, Pangbourne and the Falkland Islands – from 14 to 17 June 2007.
In February 2007, at a journalists' briefing, he warned that the Royal Navy needed another £1 billion to meet future foreign policy demands and appealed to the Government for additional funding, a third of the navy's annual operating budget, to spend on building more modern ships. In a later interview with the "Daily Telegraph" he said that an increase of more than 30 per cent in the fleet's day-to-day budget was necessary to pay for better sailors' wages, the running of ships and improved accommodation. He threatened to resign as head of the navy if the Government failed to agree to pay for two new aircraft carriers – the Royal Navy CVF programme, which it had previously promised.
In May 2007 the Government gave the £3.9bn go-ahead for the new aircraft carriers. Band said:
In 2007 he was awarded an honorary degree in law from the University of Portsmouth. He was appointed Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in the 2008 Birthday Honours and succeeded by Mark Stanhope as First Sea Lord on 21 July 2009.
Later professional life.
Band became a Deputy Lieutenant of Hampshire on 27 November 2009 and a non-executive director of the cruise company Carnival Corporation &amp; plc, in April 2010. He has served on the Boards of Directors of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc. He is Chair of Carnival's Health, Environmental, Safety &amp; Security Committees.
Band has also become a non-executive director of the British arm of the American defence contractor Lockheed Martin who produce the F35-B aircraft which will be utilized on the new aircraft carriers. He is also a defence adviser at British defence firm Babcock International and a non-executive director of military consultancy Survitec Group. 
Band was a patron of the International Scott Centenary Expedition 2012; its aim was to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Scott's race to the South Pole and the subsequent deaths of the polar party on the Ross Ice Shelf.
Band is a Younger Brother of Trinity House and a liveryman of the Shipwrights' Company. Band is also President of the 1805 Club.
Personal life.
In 1979 he married Sarah Asbury: they have two daughters and live in Southsea, Portsmouth. He is Patron of the local residents association (the Southsea Association).

</doc>
<doc id="7023994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023994" title="Third Order Regular of Saint Francis of Penance">
Third Order Regular of Saint Francis of Penance

The Third Order Regular of St. Francis of Penance, also known as Third Order Regular of St. Francis () or TOR Franciscans, is a mendicant order of the Catholic Church, rooted in the Third Order of St. Francis, which was founded in 1221. The TOR congregation effectively became independent in 1447. It is part of the second branch of the third order, the Third Order Regular, who take religious vows and live in community. The members add the nominal letters TOR after their names to indicate their membership in the congregation.
History.
Various Third Order Regular Franciscan communities emerged after the founding of the Third Order of St. Francis in 1221. Unlike their Third Order Secular counterparts, the Third Order Regular lived in community and shared a religious charism. Theit various communities were isolated, however, and did not share a common leader. An apostolic letter from Pope Nicholas V in 1447, "Pastoralis officii", effectively organized the more isolated communities into a new and separate religious order with its own rule of life, the Third Order Regular of Saint Francis of Penance.
Ireland.
Secular tertiaries existed in Ireland as early as 1385. By 1441 brothers of the Third Order Regular were established at Clonfert, Killala and Tuam. In the fifteenth century there were about forty friaries of TOR Friars in Ireland, made up of small groups of clerical and lay brothers. The friars served the spiritual needs of the local people in their friaries and churches and in the surrounding parishes. They supported themselves by farming the nearby land. Each friary held a school. The friaries were abolished with the Reformation, yet a few individual friars remained, although clandestine.
The Franciscan Brothers of the Third Order Regular are noted for their having secretly taught the boys of the Catholic population of Ireland for decades in the underground "bog schools". The Order did not formerly re-emerge again in Ireland until the early 1800s at Merchant's Quay in Dublin with a group of secular tertiaries of the Friar Minor's church of Adam and Eve. They established a monastery and school at Milltown, Dublin in 1818, after the relaxation of the Penal Laws which had forbidden Catholic education. A second was opened at Dalkey.
In 1820 they transferred their monastery to Mountbellew in County Galway, where the Bellew family had invited them and had donated land and a house to get established. The Brothers ran a free primary school and specialized in trade schools for young men. The brothers at Mountbellew taught catechism, Gaelic, and established an agricultural school. In 1992 there were about fifty members.
In the course of the nineteenth century, Brothers from the Irish communities established foundations in the United States, which became independent Institutes in their own right. Franciscan Brothers Mountbellew, the Irish congregation of Brothers from which the friars of the T.O.R. sprang, has maintained a presence in the U.S. since the 1950s. In 1957, Brothers from Ireland began work in Catholic schools in the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Originally working both in the Bronx, New York and California, they now serve only on the West Coast. As an Institute of Pontifical Right, they also work in Kenya and Uganda in education and agriculture.
Province of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
Prior to 1906, three separate and independent communities of men of the Third Order Regular existed in the United States. All of them were institutes of lay brothers dedicated to teaching and other works of charity. These were located in Brooklyn, New York (1858); Loretto, Pennsylvania (1847); and Spalding, Nebraska, which came about from a school founded for Native American boys (ca. 1882), at the request of Bishop John Ireland. The communities at Loretto and Brooklyn had been founded from Mountbellew Monastery, in Tuam, County Galway, Ireland, at the request of the bishops of Brooklyn and Pittsburgh, respectively. The community in Nebraska was a branch of the Brooklyn community.
As communities of lay Brothers, they were under the authority of their local bishops, who acted canonically as the superior general of the community within their diocese. The Brothers, however, came to desire a closer connection with the wider Franciscan Order. Additionally, due to the desire of some of the Brothers for ordination, as well as seeing a need to have the pastoral care of both the Brothers and their students coming from within their community, Brothers Raphael Brehenny, O.S.F., and his successor, Brother Linus Lynch, O.S.F., the superiors of the Brooklyn community, asked the bishop of that diocese for permission to have some of the members of that community ordained as priests. This request the bishop refused, as the community had been introduced into the diocese for the care of parish schools, and the bishop feared that in the event of its members becoming priests this work would suffer. Thus, in May 1906, a petition was then sent to the minister general, Angelus de Mattia, asking for union with the friars of the Third Order Regular of St. Francis in Italy. The Bishop of Brooklyn, however, worked actively to block this effort, and it was halted.
In November of that same year, the Spalding community made the same request to Angelo, the minister general in Rome. In their case, however, the local bishop was in accord with their desire and gave his authorization for such a merger. The following December 8, the minister general, Angelo, signed a decree of union of the Spalding community with the Third Order Regular. In January 1907, he formally petitioned the Holy See to allow the establishment of a community of the Order in Nebraska, and to receive the vows of any qualified Brothers there. This was granted immediately, with the official approval and blessing of Pope Pius X being formally declared that following November. The Brothers were received into the Order by Stanislaus Dujmoric, of the Province of Dalmatia, who had been sent as the official delegate of the minister general to supervise the merger.
As their own union could not be effected, some of the Brooklyn Brothers determined to ask for a dispensation from their religious vows in order to join the friars in Nebraska. In the spring of 1907, several left New York and transferred to Spalding. The former superior, Bro. Raphael, appears to have been among them. That July, led by Bro. Linus, 23 Brothers also left Brooklyn and went to Spalding. At that point, the Nebraska community had increased from the initial size of six to thirty. Relying heavily upon the teaching experience of the New York Brothers, the community opened Spalding College in January 1908.
During that year of upheaval for the Brooklyn foundation, the diocesan community of Franciscan Brothers at Loretto—now in the new Diocese of Altoona—also sought incorporation with the Third Order Regular friars with the approval of their bishop, the Eugene A. Garvey. This was done on December 29, 1907. Permission for their admission received papal approval on May 22, 1908, and the union was achieved on May 28. To oversee this process, the minister general in Rome sent Jerome Zazzara, as his delegate, assisted by Anthony Balastieri. Brother Raphael and three other Brothers came from Spalding to help in the process.
At the request of Bishop Garvey, who was struggling to meet the needs of Italian-speaking Catholics, Jerome accepted charge of the Church of St. Anthony of Padua at Johnstown, Pennsylvania, in November 1909 as a permanent ministry of the friars, appointing his fellow Italian, Anthony, as pastor. With the establishment of a small community of friars in that parish, there now existed three separate communities in the United States, the minimum canonically required for an independent province. The following month, Jerome also accepted the Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Altoona, Pennsylvania, and took on the office of pastor himself.
The four houses in the United States were erected into a province, 24 September 1910, under the title of the Province of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus. Jerome was appointed as the first minister provincial. The Archbishop of Chicago later gave the friars charge of Sts. Peter and Paul Slavic Church in that city, and a new college was to be opened at Sioux City, Iowa, in 1912. At that point, the American Province had five friaries, two colleges, 65 professed members, and 20 novices and postulants. Raphael Breheny, original superior of the Brooklyn Brothers, was elected the first native minister provincial in 1913. The provincial motherhouse is at St. Francis University, Loretto, Pennsylvania.
Province of the Immaculate Conception.
The other province, Immaculate Conception, has its headquarters at St. Bernardine Monastery in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania. This province came about as the result of a dispute over the eligibility of the Italian friars to vote in the Provincial Chapter of 1918. The Minister General was unable to oversee the proceedings due to the hostilities between the United States and Italy during World War I. He thus appointed an American friar as his delegate, who oversaw that chapter. This friar declared that the foreign friars still belonged to their Italian provinces and thus were ineligible to vote in the Chapter. These friars, along with some Americans, refused to accept the election of a new Minister Provincial which took place. This resulted in the newly elected minister provincial and the then-current one both claiming the office.
The matter was referred to the Sacred Congregation in Rome. That office declared that, for the sake of peace, a new chapter should be held under the presidency of a friar from another province, and that the Italian friars should declare their intention to transfer formally from their original Provinces. That chapter, held in 1919, resulted in the same results as the previous one. By that time, however, discontent among the Italian friars and others was so deep that the Italian friars and their supporters petitioned to form a separate Commissariat (a semi-autonomous division in the Order). This was approved in 1920, and the new Commissariat numbered thirteen friars—five Italians and eight Americans. Zazzara was appointed Commissary Provincial.
Five years later, the Dalmatian friar, Dujmoric, who had supervised the union of the Spalding community into the order was now minister general. He raised the commissariat to the status of a province. Zazzara was elected the first minister provincial. The province still staffs the two original parishes in Pennsylvania, as well as two in Minnesota. It also runs retreat centers in Orlando, Florida and West Virginia. The current minister provincial (2010) is J. Patrick Quinn.
In 1920, the Province divided and the Province of the Immaculate Conception were established. Friars from the Spanish Province were invited to the United States to work with the Spanish-speaking populations of Texas and New York.
A number of the brothers in Brooklyn also sought to join the congregation in Italy, but were denied permission by the local bishop, who was concerned that he might lose their services as teachers. The Brooklyn foundation became the Franciscan Brothers of Brooklyn.
In 1938, American friars were sent to establish the order's first foreign missions in Bhagalpur, India, and later a mission was founded in Paraguay.
Philippines.
Towards the end of the 1980s the TOR Province of Assisi, Italy, promoted vocations in the Philippines. Four young men replied to the invitation. Out of the four, two became priests, Dante Anhao and Milestone Japin. Dante Anhao (still a deacon at that time) together with Carlo Stradaioli and Marcello Fadda, came to the Philippines in 1997. They were welcomed by Bishop Emilio Bataclan, the Ordinary of the Diocese of Iligan. This was the beginning of the TOR Philippine Mission under the Assisi Province.
The small community of three friars has grown in number as some young men came and received formation. Nilo Laput, a diocesan priest, who stayed with a local Franciscan community in Labason, Zamboanga del Norte, through the invitation of former Minister General, Bonaventure Midili, came to join the new community in 1999. He received his novitiate formation in Assisi, Italy. Alvin Galicia, a former member of Laput’s community in Labason, came later and also did his novitiate formation in Italy.
At first the friars and their candidates lived in two semi-concrete houses before the establishment of a permanent friary and formation house in 2005. By this time, the temporary professed friars studied theology at St. John Vianney Theological Seminary (SJVTS) in Cagayan de Oro, a city about eighty kilometers from Iligan. In 2007, George Mailadil, a friar from Ranchi Province, India, came to help in the formation of the friars in theology in Cagayan de Oro.
In 2009, with the support of George Mailadil, it was decided that the theological studies of the Junior Friars will be transferred from Saint John Vianney Theological Seminary (SJVTS) to St. Alphonsus Theological and Mission Institute (SATMI) in Davao City. Davao City is around four thousand kilometers away from Iligan or Cagayan de Oro. At first, they were renting a house in the city while a simple house was constructed in a two-hectare land in Indangan.
On January 6, 2012, the small TOR Philippine Mission was raised to the status of a Delegation, placing them directly under the TOR Generalate in Rome in terms of administration and decisions. The statutes of the new delegation was drafted and was approved by the General Minister on March 20, 2012. The name of the new delegation is The Delegation of Saints Cosmas and Damian.

</doc>
<doc id="7023998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023998" title="Susquehannock State Park">
Susquehannock State Park

Susquehannock State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on in Drumore Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is on a scenic plateau overlooking the Susquehanna River and Conowingo Reservoir. The park is named for the Susquehannock people, who lived in the area. Susquehannock State Park is located on small roads a few miles south of Pennsylvania Route 372 and west of Pennsylvania Route 272. The nearest city is Quarryville, Pennsylvania, about East.
Recreation.
In addition to its many fine views of the river and Wissler Run, the park is used for picnics, hiking, horseback riding, and has organized group tenting facilities for overnight use by qualified groups.
Hiking trails.
There are of hiking trails at Susquehannock State Park. The trails wind through a variety of habitats. Native holly, rhododendron and a wide variety of wildflowers can be seen at the park. Woodland creatures like the white-tailed deer, songbirds and some lizards can be seen. Osprey, vultures, hawks and bald eagles can be seen soaring over the river and park from the scenic overlooks. All trails, except Rhododendron Trail, are open to horseback riding.
Scenic overlooks.
Susquehannock State Park features two scenic overlooks. They offer a view of the Susquehanna River and the Conowingo Reservoir on the Susquehanna River. Hawk Point overlooks the reservoir, a hydroelectric impoundment created by Conowingo Dam in northern Maryland. The waters of the reservoir provide hydroelectric power and cooling water for the Peach Bottom nuclear reactor. The reservoir is also a recreational center for boating and fishing. The waters also provide a habitat for a wide variety of fish. These fish are preyed upon by bald eagles and osprey. Hawks, turkey vultures and black vultures can also be seen soaring over the park from Hawk Point. Down the hill from Hawk Point overlook is Wissler's Run overlook. This vista gives a view of the original rocky nature of the Susquehanna's riverbed.
The Susquehannock Tribe.
The Susquehannocks, an Iroquoian speaking tribe, had their first encounter with Europeans in 1608 when Captain John Smith was exploring the Chesapeake Bay for the English Crown. What the Susquehannock called themselves is unknown, the modern name comes from the name, Sasquesahanough or "roily water people", bestowed upon them by Cpt. Smith and his Algonquian interpreter. They made their home by the river and had only one small village (Conestoga), but they were a strong tribe, that controlled trade routes along the river and the upper reaches of the bay. The Susquehannock lived along the river until 1675 when they suffered a major defeat at the hands of the Iroquois. Following this loss they began a period of migration and eventual decline. Five chiefs were murdered in Maryland when they went to a meeting to negotiate a treaty. They migrated to New York in 1677 and intermingled with the Iroquois. They returned to Conestoga in 1697 but left again in the early 18th century when they migrated, again, to Ohio. Some remained behind and became known as Conestogas. They were able to live in Pennsylvania until 1763 when a group of six were slaughtered by the anti-Indian Paxton Boys. The remaining members of the tribe sought protection from the colonial governor and were taken to a workhouse in Lancaster. The Paxton Boys gained entry to the workhouse and murdered fourteen more Indians. Only two Susquehannocks remained in Pennsylvania. They worked the rest of their lives as servants on a farm where they died and were buried bringing about the end of the Susquehannock people in Pennsylvania.
Nearby state parks.
The following state parks are within of Susquehannock State Park:

</doc>
<doc id="7023999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7023999" title="Anthony Curtis (writer)">
Anthony Curtis (writer)

Anthony Curtis (born c. 1958) is an American blackjack player, gambler, author and publisher. He publishes the "Las Vegas Advisor", a newsletter founded in 1983 that covers discounts in Las Vegas, and Huntington Press, a publishing house that has released books about gambling, as well as true crime, including "The Killing of Tupac Shakur", a "Los Angeles Times" bestseller by author Cathy Scott.
Early life and education.
Curtis became interested in gambling at age 16 when he read "How to Win at Blackjack" by Charles Einstein.
After dropping out of Duke University, Curtis moved to Las Vegas in 1979 shortly before turning 21 to pursue gambling professionally.
Career.
He participated in a team run by Stanford Wong that engaged in tournament play in and around Las Vegas and is known to have won $72k after placing first at a Matchplay Blackjack tournament at the Las Vegas Hilton.
Curtis has appeared on the Travel Channel, Discovery, NBC, A&amp;E and BBC, as well as on televised blackjack events such as the World Series of Blackjack and the Ultimate Blackjack Tour, the latter of which he provided the analyses of play and wrote the commentary that was presented by Max Rubin and Mati Moralejo.
He was the winner at Max Rubin's 2017 Blackjack Ball for the title of "The Best Gambler in the World."
In 2020, he was inducted into the Blackjack Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7024011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024011" title="Powell Panthers football">
Powell Panthers football



</doc>
<doc id="7024019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024019" title="Play it, Sam">
Play it, Sam



</doc>
<doc id="7024032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024032" title="Powell High School (Wyoming)">
Powell High School (Wyoming)

Powell High School is a high school in Powell, in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Wyoming. The district is bordered by Montana on the north and Yellowstone Park on the west.
The school's mascot is the Panther. The school is in the 3A classification for Wyoming sports.
In the fall of 2008, after a $20 million reconstruction project, mice invaded the high school building and infested its classrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="7024038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024038" title="1982 Little League World Series">
1982 Little League World Series

The 1982 Little League World Series took place between August 24 and August 28 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Kirkland National Little League of Kirkland, Washington, defeated the Puzih Little League of Chiayi County, Taiwan, in the championship game of the 36th Little League World Series.
The historic victory by Kirkland snapped the 31-game winning streak by Taiwanese teams and their streak of five consecutive titles. These streaks by Taiwan still stand, and have not been seriously approached by another country or U.S. state. Kirkland's championship was recounted by ESPN's "30 for 30" documentary series in an episode titled "Little Big Men" (season 1, episode 19), which originally aired in 2010.
Champions path.
After winning the district and state championships, Kirkland National Little League won four games at the West Region to reach the LLWS.

</doc>
<doc id="7024045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024045" title="3T3">
3T3

3T3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7024048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024048" title="Paula Brooks">
Paula Brooks

Paula Brooks is a fictional comic book character published by DC Comics. She is one of many characters to use the names Tigress and Huntress. Paula Brooks is married to Sportsmaster and the mother of Artemis Crock.
Paula Brooks appeared as Tigress on the DC Universe streaming service show "Stargirl" played by Joy Osmanski. The show also appeared on The CW Network.
Publication history.
Brooks first appeared in "Sensation Comics" #68 as the Huntress where she was created by artist Mort Meskin and an uncredited writer. Later, it is retroactively revealed that she was a heroine named the Tigress before becoming a criminal where this alias was created by Roy Thomas.
Fictional character biography.
Pre-"Crisis".
Prior to the "Crisis on Infinite Earths", she battles Helena Wayne (who had become the new Huntress) and is defeated.
During this time, an Earth-1 Huntress and Sportsmaster are revealed. They fight Batgirl and Robin in "Batman Family" and then challenge the Earth-1 superheroes to a baseball game between heroes and villains. When the heroes win, the Earth-1 Huntress and Sportsmaster reform and are not seen again.
After the "Crisis on Infinite Earths", the Earth-1 pair cease to exist and the Golden Age versions become the dominant version in the new unified universe.
She never uses the Tigress name or her real name (Paula Brooks) during her Pre-"Crisis" adventures.
Post-"Crisis".
In the pages of "Young All-Stars" she was retroactively renamed the Tigress. These stories took place prior to her villainous career as the Huntress.
At this point, the young Paula Brooks (approximately age 18-19) is a superheroine, and fights both Nazis and criminals alongside Iron Munro, the first Fury, Neptune Perkins, Tsunami and Dan the Dyna-Mite. During these stories, Paula expresses a fan worship of Paul Kirk, the Manhunter. She frequently makes a play for Iron Munro as well. During a battle with the Nazi warriors known as Axis Amerika, Tigress is attacked and seemingly killed by the Valkyrie known as Gudra. She was revived (it is unclear if she really was actually dead) with a new attitude, which eventually leads to her becoming the villainous Huntress. In the late 1990s "JSA Returns" mini-series, Tigress has yet to fully embrace her villainous attitude and was still operating as a heroine and companion of Manhunter.
Upon donning a tiger-skin costume and becoming Huntress years later, Paula Brooks tracked down Wildcat and trapped him in her private zoo as part of her plan to capture people who would throw people in prison. Wildcat became the first person she caught to break out.
Huntress returned where she plotted to capture Ted Grant and replace him with a double so that she would bet on his opponent and get money when the double lost. When Huntress captured "Stretch" Skinner, she drew the attention of Wildcat. Huntress and Wildcat fought to a draw as Wildcat and Skinner escaped her ship. When Ted won, a disguised Huntress watched the match and later slipped away.
Due to her reputation for fighting Wildcat, Huntress was invited to join the Injustice Society. In a competition to see who would lead the group, Huntress managed to steal Plymouth Rock and nearly defeated Atom and Flash.
Huntress and her men kidnapped Ted Grant and his opponent Mike Baily and held them for ransom. Ted broke out of his trap, became Wildcat, and brought Tigress to justice.
In 1949, Huntress and Sportsmaster rejoined the Injustice Society where they captured the members of the Justice Society. Some of its former members like Wildcat united to rescue them and defeat the Injustice Society.
They fight Black Canary and Starman in the 1960s, as well as continuing to serve as members of the Injustice Society.
Huntress and Sportsmaster later got engaged and had a daughter named Artemis who took part in the family business. Artemis worked to free her parents from Empire State Detention Center only to be thrown into a wall by Solomon Grundy who was protecting Jade. When Wildcat was poisoned during the Justice Society's next fight with the Injustice Society, Huntress fought her own daughter. As Wildcat is dying from the poison, the Justice Society works to come up with an antidote while fighting Tigress, Sportsmaster, and Thorn.
Paula Brooks is later seen out of uniform in "Young Justice" at an Olympics-type event where her daughter Artemis competes on behalf of Zandia, a country that harbors super-villains.
DC Universe.
In 2016, DC Comics implemented another relaunch of its books called "DC Rebirth", which restored its continuity to a form much as it was prior to "The New 52". When Hawkman and Hawkgirl recount their time with the Justice Society and the day that they fought the Injustice Society, Tigress was seen as a member of the Injustice Society. Wildcat was the one who faced off against Tigress and defeated her.
Powers and abilities.
Brooks has no powers or unusual technology, but she did utilize various types of wild beasts in committing her crimes. She is also a skilled hand-to-hand fighter whose nails were once sharpened like talons.
She also used a small crossbow and a steady supply of crossbow bolts. She has also been known to use throwing nets and bolos to trap her prey.
Other versions.
Outside of regular DCU continuity, James Robinson and Paul Smith feature the Tigress the 1993 "The Golden Age". mini-series. In August 1948, Paula Brooks is granted amnesty for her crimes in return for her allegiance to Tex Thompson's newly created anti-communism force. After learning that Thompson is actually the ruthless Ultra-Humanite Brooks joins other heroes on January 8, 1950 in opposing him and his allies. Traumatized by the deaths of her lover, Lance Gallant, and friends such as Miss America and the Sportsmaster in the ensuing conflict, Paula returns to crime. By 1955, she is reported to have "made the F.B.I.'s most wanted list".
In other media.
Miscellaneous.
Paula Brooks / Tigress makes a cameo appearance in the "DC Super Hero Girls" episode "Welcome to Super Hero High".
Reception.
Michael Eury and Gina Misiroglu characterized the original Huntress Paula Brooks as "a relatively obscure Golden Age villainess", whose title was borrowed for the character of Helena Wayne.
Sophie Bonadè found that Paula Brooks, like a number of villainesses of the time, falls under the "Dating Catwoman" cliché of being in a romantic relation to the hero she fights.

</doc>
<doc id="7024049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024049" title="California State Polytechnic University College of Agriculture">
California State Polytechnic University College of Agriculture



</doc>
<doc id="7024051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024051" title="Ulsteinvik, Norway">
Ulsteinvik, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7024057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024057" title="WVIA-FM">
WVIA-FM

WVIA-FM (89.9 FM) is a non-commercial, public FM radio station in Scranton, Pennsylvania. It is the National Public Radio member station for Northeastern Pennsylvania. The station is owned by the Northeastern Pennsylvania Educational Television Association along with its sister television station, WVIA-TV, with studios in Jenkins Township, near Pittston. It airs a mix of NPR news and talk shows, classical music in middays, jazz at night and the BBC World Service overnight.
WVIA-FM is a Class B station. Its transmitter tower is on Penobscot Knob near Mountain Top at (). WVIA-FM broadcasts using HD Radio technology. Its HD2 digital subchannel is "Arts Radio," airing classical music. The station owns Chiaroscuro Records and broadcasts "The Chiaroscuro Channel" on its HD3 subchannel with a jazz format.
History.
WVIA-FM signed on the air on . It joined its television counterpart, WVIA-TV 44, which went on the air in 1966.
The building housing the transmitters for WVIA-FM and WVIA-TV was destroyed by fire on February 12, 2010. WVIA-FM resumed broadcasting at low power on February 17, 2010, and returned to full-power at Noon on August 3, 2010.
WVIA-FM has operated a translator at 89.3 FM in Williamsport since the late 1970s. In 2002, WVIA-FM's owners signed on WVYA, a full-power Class A station, to provide better coverage in that area. In 2010, a third full-power station, WTIO in Mainesburg, was brought online, taking over from a translator that had served the Tioga Valley. A fourth station joined the group in 2012, when WPAU signed on from Palmyra Township to serve the far northeastern corner of the state.
Simulcasts and translators.
Four full-power stations are licensed to simulcast the programming of WVIA-FM full-time:
WVIA-FM programming is broadcast on the following translators:

</doc>
<doc id="7024058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024058" title="Oliebollen">
Oliebollen



</doc>
<doc id="7024061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024061" title="Yaroslavl State University">
Yaroslavl State University

The Yaroslavl Demidov State University (Russian: "Ярославский государственный университет имени П. Г. Демидова") is an institution of higher education in Yaroslavl, Russia. In 1918, Yaroslavl Demidov State University became a successor university to the Demidov Lyceum, which was founded in 1803.
History.
The Higher School of Sciences.
Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov established the Demidov Law School by private means in 1803. On June 18, 1803, Alexander the First, signed an Edict to the Senate about opening a higher educational institution in Yaroslavl. At first Demidov has been in contact with the Imperial authorities regarding the foundation of a university in Yaroslavl, even going so far as to promise his own private funding to the new institution; however, when this did not materialise the Imperial government decreed that the school was, upon opening, to have the same status as a university but to carry the title 'higher school of sciences' and thus to be considered junior only to the universities in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. At first, the new institution enrolled only 11 students, but this situation quickly changed and soon the school was able to found a number of new faculties, including, amongst others, law, mathematics, chemistry, political economy and financial science . In 1819 modern French and German were also added to the syllabus.
Twenty graduates from secondary schools could be educated at the school at the expense of its founder, and even these students had to be admitted from the nobility and other major estates of Yaroslavl Province. However, anyone who presented a certificate of general education or passed the school's entrance examination could be educated at their own expense. In the decrees of Alexander I, it was often emphasised that diplomas received from the School of Higher Sciences were equal to university degrees. In 1804, the first five students from the University of Moscow were sent to Yaroslavl to be educated. In 1805, a boarding school was opened so that scholars from other provinces could come to Yaroslavl and prepare themselves for the university's entrance exams, thus causing an exponential increase in the number of students.
Later however, the school's fortunes waned and by the mid-19th century the institution seemed to be in decline. For example, the Minister of Public Education Dmitry Tolstoy, who visited Yaroslavl in 1866, found one professor, four acting professors, one lecturer and 39 students at the Lyceum, and thus in the same year the transformation project of the Lyceum with jurisprudence as its special subject was prepared on his initiative. This later gained assent from Alexander II.
Demidov Judicial Lyceum.
After its transformation into a Juridical Lyceum with higher educational, scientific and publishing status, Demidov's school in Yaroslavl enrolled over 900 students. The opening of the Demidov Juridical Lyceum took place on September 11, 1870, after around two years of preparation for the event. The judicial lyceum was from then on funded directly by the Imperial Russian Government, which mandated the institution of a four-year course which, upon successful completion, culminated in the student concerned being awarded the title 'candidate of judicial sciences'. Twenty scholarships which afforded government maintenance funds to their holders were also prepared and awarded each year.
After the first students graduated, the judicial lyceum's interim statute was made permanent, with Alexander II finally approving the new Statute on January 6, 1875. After this the judicial lyceum became very popular and by the late 19th century had such a large number of students that in terms of ranking it was to be found second only to the universities of Moscow and Saint Petersburg. Even by 1903, only the University of Kiev's faculty of law had successfully surpassed the student numbers of Yaroslavl's institution, so being ranked, along with Moscow and Petersburg's universities, above Demidov's school. In 1905 important changes were then also made to the organisation structure of the judicial lyceum, and resultantly, for the first time ever, the Lyceum's Council elected the school's director.
The possibility of transforming the Demidov judicial lyceum into a university began to be discussed in 1906. This initiative came from the Lyceum's Council and was supported by the larger community of Yaroslavl, the town's authorities and the Ministry of Public Education. Yaroslavl also found support in neighbouring provinces who promised their own material assistance so that a university could be founded close by and so aid the economic and education development of their own territories. The Yaroslavl town council then states that it was prepared to make a gift of 16 hectares of land and a lump-sum grant of 1 million roubles to go towards the establishment of the university. After the February Revolution of 1917, the Russian Provisional Government at last approved the project of transforming the Lyceum into a university, however the revolutionary events that transpired later in that same year prevented the implementation of these decisions.
University of 1918.
On August 7, 1918, Vladimir Lenin signed a decree to change the Demidov Juridical Lyceum into a university. The university had 29 departments, including Agronomic, Pedagogical, Medical and Law faculties, and an evening school. In 1924, after the death of Vladimir Lenin, the university was closed.
In accordance with the decree of the Council of People's Commissars of January 21, 1919, signed by Lenin, the Demidov Judicial Lyceum was transformed into Yaroslavl State University. In 1922 its organisation included the Yaroslavl Institute of Education which existed to train teachers, and the Yaroslavl branch of the Moscow Archaeological Institute, which prepared the critics, historians and archaeologists. The university then also had faculties for the social sciences, medicine, agronomy, teaching, and technical education. The university's rectors, during its existence, were Valerian Nikolaevich Shiryaev (1918–1922) and Vasily Potemkin (1922–1924).
In 1924, the State University of Yaroslavl was closed due to reorganisation of the new-born USSR's education system, all of which was caused by financial difficulties in the country. The institution's Faculty of Education once again became an independent institution, and for over ten years remained the only institute of higher education in the province – Yaroslavl State Pedagogical Institute. The main building of the Lyceum was set alight and burned on the night of 7 July 1918 (lasting until the next day) during the Yaroslavl Uprising and was finally demolished in 1929. In 1931, the Demidov pillar was also dismantled.
Re-establishment.
On September 1, 1970, the university was reopened and enrolled 300 students. Since then the university has gone from strength to strength and is now often considered to be one of Russia's premier universities. In the 1990s and 2000s, the university underwent an extensive program of development and has been constantly expanding the number of subject areas it operates in, thus allowing for overall expansion of its academic activities and student population. Every year a number of students from renowned Western universities including, amongst others, the University of Oxford and University College London, attend Russian language courses at the university. The university also takes place in a number of exchange programs with universities and other higher educational institutions from around the world.
Structure.
Faculties.
Yaroslavl Demidov State University has ten faculties.
Departments.
Yaroslavl Demidov State University has four departments.
 •" Hostel"

</doc>
<doc id="7024066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024066" title="Demidov Yaroslavl State University">
Demidov Yaroslavl State University



</doc>
<doc id="7024070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024070" title="Střešovice">
Střešovice

Střešovice is a cadastral area in the west of Prague, located in the Prague 6 district. Střešovice is often called the "local Beverly Hills" because it has been home to some famous residents, including Czech President Václav Havel. The neighborhood is made up of green, quiet, village-like streets and is a 10-minute walk from Prague Castle, and the Dejvice district. The major sights include Villa Müller by functionalist architect Adolf Loos (1930) and The Church of St Norbert in Romanesque Revival (1890-1891) style.
History.
Střešovice (also known as Třešovice) appeared between the 10th and 11th centuries, and belonged to the Czech royal family until 1143, when the village was given to the Strahov Monastery. It remained in possession of the monastery until the 20th century.
By 1900 Střešovice had 2,500 habitats. In 1922, the number of dwellers grew to 3,879, and 254 houses connected to Prague as a part of the Prague-8 district. In 1949, the united part of Střešovice was integrated with the Prague 5 district, (with Břevnov and parts of Liboc). Another part was integrated into Prague 6 (with Dejvice, Sedlec, Veleslavín, Vokovice and parts of Bubeneč, Holešovice, Hradčany and Liboc). In 1960, almost the whole of Střešovice became part of a new district, Prague 6. In 1990 the Střešovice became a part of the current Prague 6 administrative district.
Transportation.
The neighborhood served by tram routes 1 and 2 or bus routes 108, 216 and partially 180. The closest metro stations are Hradčanská and Dejvická. Ruzyně International Airport is located approximately 7 kilometers west of Střešovice.
The Prague Public Transport Museum permanent exhibition is located in tram depot Střešovice. It contains over 40 vehicles from the history of Prague public transport and many other exhibits.

</doc>
<doc id="7024074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024074" title="Love means never having to say you're sorry">
Love means never having to say you're sorry

"Love means never having to say you're sorry" is a catchphrase based on a line from the Erich Segal novel "Love Story" and was popularized by its 1970 film adaptation starring Ali MacGraw and Ryan O'Neal. The line is spoken twice in the film: once in the middle of the film, by Jennifer Cavalleri (MacGraw's character), when Oliver Barrett (O'Neal) apologizes to her for his anger; and as the last line of the film, by Oliver, when his father says "I'm sorry" after learning of Jennifer's death. In the script, the line is phrased slightly differently: "Love means not ever having to say you're sorry."
The line proved memorable, and has been repeated in various contexts since. In 2005, it was voted No. 13 in the American Film Institute's list AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes. The band Sounds of Sunshine had a Top 40 hit in the United States with a song titled "Love Means You Never Have to Say You're Sorry" in 1971. "Love means never having to say you're..." is the opening sentence in the popular song "Can't Help but Love You" by The Whispers, from their album named after the movie, issued in 1972.
The line has also been criticized and mocked for suggesting that apologies are unnecessary in a loving relationship. Another character played by O'Neal disparages it in the 1972 screwball comedy "What's Up, Doc?": in that film's final scene, Barbra Streisand's character says "Love means never having to say you're sorry," and bats her eyelashes, and O'Neal's character responds in a flat deadpan voice, "That's the dumbest thing I ever heard."
MacGraw disagrees with the line, calling it a "crock".
In popular culture.
The line has also been parodied countless times, usually substituting another word or phrase for "love" and/or "you're sorry", especially the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="7024075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024075" title="S.L. Benfica (roller hockey)">
S.L. Benfica (roller hockey)

Sport Lisboa e Benfica (), commonly known as Benfica, is a professional roller hockey team based in Lisbon, Portugal.
Founded in 1917, Benfica play in the Portuguese first division, having won 24 league titles. Moreover, they have won 15 Portuguese Cups, nine Portuguese Super Cups, one 1947 Cup and three Elite Cup.
Internationally, Benfica have won, among other trophies, two CERH European League, two CERS Cup, three CERH Continental Cup, two Intercontinental Cup and one Golden Cup.
History.
International success.
Benfica's only European trophy up to the season of 2009–10 had been a CERS Cup (excluding a Montreux Nations Cup and a CERH Ciudad de Vigo Tournament), but in 2010–11 the club's European fate began to change. They made their way up to the 2010–11 CERS Cup Final Four, eventually winning the trophy for the second time (defeating CP Vilanova in the final by 6–4, at their home ground). With this victory, Benfica had the chance to play the CERH Continental Cup against the CERH European League winner HC Liceo La Coruña. The opponent refused to play the cup's final and Benfica won it by 10–0 (disqualification), conquering their first Continental Cup.
On 2 June 2013, Benfica won their first CERH European League defeating FC Porto at Dragão Caixa by 6–5 , in an all Portuguese final. That made them the fourth Portuguese team to lift the most important clubs European trophy. On 2 November 2013, Benfica won their second Continental Cup defeating CE Vendrell of Spain (5–3, 5–0), thus becoming the only Portuguese club to win the trophy twice. On 16 November 2013, Benfica won the Intercontinental Cup, defeating Sport Recife by 10–3 and winning the only missing trophy for the club and the second one for Portuguese roller hockey, after the 1993 Óquei de Barcelos win.
On 15 March 2015, Benfica became the second European club, after CP Voltregà, to win CERH's most important club title in both men and women competitions, after defeating the French team Coutras in the final of the Women's European Cup. Domestically, earlier that season, the women's section had conquered the national Super Cup on 8 November 2014, and later also won their third consecutive national championship on 8 June 2015, and their second consecutive domestic cup on 14 June, accomplishing the treble, and winning all five competitions they played, including the Torneio de Abertura. Later, on 16 May, Benfica's men squad became Portuguese champions without defeat, totalling 25 wins and one draw.
On 15 May 2016, Benfica were crowned European champions for the second time, after beating Oliveirense in the final 5–3. Five months later, Benfica beat Óquei de Barcelos (9–2) in the second leg of the Continental Cup, and won the trophy for a third time.
On 16 December 2017, Benfica beat Reus Deportiu (3–5) and won their second Intercontinental Cup, thus becoming the second team with most trophies in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="7024077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024077" title="MeTV">
MeTV

MeTV, an acronym for Memorable Entertainment Television, is an American broadcast television network owned by Weigel Broadcasting. Marketed as "The Definitive Destination for Classic TV", the network airs a variety of classic television programs from the 1930s through the 1990s.
The concept began as a 1950s to 1980s programming block on Chicago's WFBT-CA in 2003, growing until becoming a national network in 2010. Since 2010, the network has spun off seven sister networks: MeTV+, the action/adventure-oriented Heroes &amp; Icons, the comedy-oriented Catchy Comedy, the film-centered Movies! (joint venture with Fox Television Stations), the drama-oriented Start TV (joint venture with CBS News and Stations), the history/documentary network Story Television, and the classic cartoon-centric MeTV Toons (in partnership with Warner Bros. Discovery).
MeTV is carried on digital subchannels of affiliated television stations in most markets; however, some MeTV-affiliated stations carry the network as a primary affiliation on their main channel, and a small number of stations air select programs from the network along with their regular general entertainment schedules, with a few carrying the network in high definition. The network is also available nationwide on DirecTV and DirecTV Stream, on the C band satellite via SES-1 in the DVB-S2 format where it was free-to-air until being encrypted in December 2024, and in some markets on AT&amp;T U-verse and Verizon FiOS and cable television through cable TV providers nationwide. MeTV is available on Frndly TV. MeTV is available on Philo. MeTV is available on FuboTV. MeTV's operations are located in Weigel Broadcasting's corporate headquarters on North Halsted Street in Chicago, Illinois.
History.
Chicago beginnings.
MeTV was originally developed as a programming block that launched on January 6, 2003, on Class A television station WFBT-CA (channel 23) in Chicago, Illinois, an independent station owned by Weigel that otherwise maintained a format featuring programming aimed at the market's ethnic demographics. The block – which initially aired for three hours daily from 12:00 to 3:00 p.m., before expanding to seven hours a day (from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.) by 2004 – featured a broad mix of series from the 1950s to the 1980s, which included among others "The Honeymooners", "I Love Lucy", "Perry Mason", "The Carol Burnett Show", "One Day at a Time", and "Hogan's Heroes"; although the programs that aired as part of the lineup changed occasionally.
On January 1, 2005, Weigel rechristened the Chicago low-power station as WWME-CA and removed the ethnic-oriented programming that filled its late afternoon and nighttime schedule, adopting the MeTV format and on-air branding full-time. Channel 23's former ethnic programming and WFBT-CA call letters were transferred to its sister station on UHF channel 48, which used the W48DD call letters prior to the format change.
On August 4, 2007, WWME launched a weekend morning block that primarily featured Spanish dubs of select classic series, "Sí! MeTV" (the first two parts of the moniker were based on the phrase "see me", although "Sí" is the Spanish word for "yes"). Most of the programs carried as part of the "Sí! MeTV" lineup – which ran on the station until its discontinuation on January 25, 2009 – were sourced from the Universal Television library (including ', ', "Miami Vice", "Quantum Leap", and "The Incredible Hulk"), with syndication restrictions imposed on the original English-language versions resulting in some of the programs being made available to the station only in Spanish.
Weigel expanded the format to its station on UHF channel 48 on March 1, 2008 – which adopted the WMEU-CA call letters at that time – under the "MeToo" extension brand, with the two low-power stations also being broadcast locally on separate digital subchannels of Weigel's flagship station WCIU-TV (channel 26). The two stations eventually carved out their own identities, culminating in a format shift on September 14, 2009, when WWME began to exclusively carry off-network sitcoms (such as "I Love Lucy", "Leave It to Beaver", "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Bernie Mac Show", "All in the Family", "The Honeymooners", and "Frasier"), while MeToo on WMEU began running only off-network drama series.
Milwaukee expansion.
On March 1, 2008, Weigel expanded the MeTV format to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where it began airing on the third digital subchannel of the group's CBS affiliate in that market, WDJT-TV (channel 58). The Milwaukee version of the service featured much of the same programming as that aired on the Chicago outlets (some of which aired in different timeslots than on WWME and WMEU), as well as certain programs that were exclusive to the Milwaukee service.
The following month on April 21, Weigel moved the MeTV programming to its dedicated full-powered channel – WJJA (channel 49) in Racine, a Jewelry Television-affiliated station that the group had recently purchased from Kinlow Broadcasting and had its call letters changed to WBME-TV on April 29. It later began transmitting the station's signal from a new digital transmitter on the Weigel tower in Milwaukee's Lincoln Park on October 20 of that year, after WBME officially transferred its operations into the West Allis studios of WDJT and sister stations WMLW-CA and WYTU-LP. MeTV continued to be carried on digital channel 58.3 until October 30, 2008, when it was replaced by newly launched sister network This TV on the same channel. The station also aired public affairs programming including "Racine &amp; Me", and because of its full-power status at the time of the move of MeTV programming to channel 49, programming compliant with FCC educational programming requirements such as "Green Screen Adventures" (a children's program produced for Weigel's Chicago flagship station WCIU-TV) and "Saved by the Bell".
National expansion.
On November 22, 2010, Weigel announced that it would take the MeTV concept national and turn it into a full-fledged network with a standardized schedule, available to any station that wished to affiliate. As a result, MeTV would compete fully with the Retro Television Network and the then yet-to-launch Antenna TV, while complementing successful then-sister network This TV, which carried library product from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (with a limited number of classic television series featured alongside its movie-dominated schedule) and – until Tribune Broadcasting took over Weigel's operational interest in This TV on November 1, 2013 – children's programming from the Canada-based Cookie Jar Entertainment (now WildBrain). The national MeTV network launched in December 2010. As with This TV, MGM handled distribution of the network to prospective affiliate stations.
As part of the standardization with the new network, Chicago's local version of MeTV was integrated with MeToo, combining a selection of comedy and drama programming that had respectively been featured on WWME and WMEU onto the latter station's schedule under the MeToo brand as a locally programmed service. In the Chicago market, the national MeTV is carried on WCIU subchannel 26.3 and WWME-CA (the latter of which serves as its flagship station, and through its ownership by Weigel, an owned-and-operated station of the network); the new MeToo moved to WCIU subchannel 26.4 and remained on WMEU-CA.
Low-powered WBME-CD in Milwaukee carries the national feed of MeTV in its entirety on digital channel 41.1; as a full-power station, prior to an August 2012 license swap that saw sister independent station WMLW move to full-power channel 49, while WBME moved to low-power channel 41 (the latter of which resulted in MeTV returning to its former secondary 58.2 slot to allow the latter to reach the entire market and to provide cable providers with a quality source of its signal), Weigel-owned ABC affiliate WBND-LD (channel 57) in South Bend began carrying MeTV on its 57.2 subchannel on December 15, 2010.
On April 1, 2013, Nielsen began to tabulate national viewership for MeTV, including the network in its prime time and total day ratings reports. In February 2016, the network began to transmit its master feed in widescreen standard definition (which is also the preferred aspect ratio for sister networks Heroes &amp; Icons and Decades), after conducting beta-testing in the format on WWME-CD months earlier. Although most affiliates continue to carry the MeTV feed in the format due to technical considerations regarding transmission of their primary channel in high-definition and/or carriage of other subchannels, the switch to a widescreen feed was done mainly to accommodate national and local advertisers that produce commercials exclusively in the 16:9 format and prefer not to have their advertising letterboxed into a 4:3 presentation, and stations which carry newscasts and other local programming on their MeTV subchannels that prefer to present them in widescreen. With the conversion, MeTV also began to carry remastered widescreen prints of some programs (such as "Leave It to Beaver," "I Love Lucy", "The Honeymooners", and "The Monkees") and present its program promotions in the 16:9 format; most other programming to which MeTV has only obtained 4:3 prints are presented in an anamorphic format. According to Nielsen, MeTV averaged 719,000 viewers in prime time for 2019, a 2% increase over 2018.
Programming.
MeTV's program schedule relies primarily on the extensive library of television programs that are currently owned by CBS Media Ventures, Warner Bros. Discovery, NBCUniversal and 20th Television (the latter now part of Disney–ABC Domestic Television), along with select programs from other distributors. The only original programs on MeTV are "Svengoolie", a hosted movie series that had been airing on WCIU since 1994, and cartoon-centered "Toon In with Me". Similar to the former local MeTV and MeToo formats, the network maintains a broad variety of classic television programs, carrying approximately 60 program titles on its weekly schedule; the network's slate of programming is regularly altered at the start of its fall, winter and summer programming seasons, which respectively begin on Labor Day, New Year's Day and Memorial Day. Since MeTV broadcasts programs that it acquired through the syndication market, episodes of these shows are usually edited to fit into the allotted running time with commercials factored in.
The network does not air a split-screen credit sequence or feature voice-overs promoting upcoming network programming during the closing credits (borrowing a format standard in local broadcast syndication). The network's continuity announcers are staff members Richard Malmos and Carol Gallagher, who both do equal share of announcing duties. Carol Gallagher is a Chicago-based voice-over artist, who has served as MeTV's staff announcer since its existence as a local programming format on WWME-CA and WMEU-CA, prior to its establishment as a national network; longtime voice-over artist Richard Malmos, who has been the continuity announcer for Weigel's flagship station WCIU since December 1994 (and is also known as the continuity announcer for many stations owned by, among other groups, the Sinclair Broadcast Group).
Unlike other digital multicast networks such as former sister network This TV and competitors Antenna TV and Rewind TV, MeTV does not usually run day-long marathons of its programs on major national holidays. Instead, the network airs holiday-themed episodes of its shows on occasional holidays (such as Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas) as part of its regular schedule, which air in the program's normal time slot but are shown out-of-order from their regular episode rotation. Since its inception as a national network, MeTV has also aired marathons of "The Doris Day Show" on Christmas Eve as well as Christmas-themed specials during the month of December. In December 2014, the network aired Christmas episodes of its programs each weeknight from 10:00 to 11:00 p.m. Eastern Time, as part of the "MeTV Christmas Conundrum" stunt block, along with airing Christmas episodes of its programs from late Christmas Eve through Christmas night (this was repeated in 2015, albeit in an earlier prime time slot, featuring Christmas-themed episodes of series feature on the network's schedule and other shows from its program distributors that were not part of the regular lineup).
The network occasionally pays tribute to a recently deceased actor or actress with a marathon showcasing episodes of their past television roles (either those that the performer had starred in as a regular or appeared as a guest star) to which MeTV has access to broadcast through its distributors, pre-empting episodes originally scheduled to air that day; however, these have aired in a significantly decreased usage since the discontinuance of the "MeTV Sunday Showcase" block in September 2012.
MeTV premiered its first original series since the introduction of "Svengoolie", a reality show called "Collector's Call", in 2019, later with more original series in 2021, "Toon In with Me" and in 2022, "Sventoonie."
Current lineup.
The network's schedule is a mix of programming ranging from the 1930s to the 1990s.
Weekdays feature "Toon In with Me" (mornings), crime/legal dramas (late mornings), westerns (afternoons), sitcoms (evenings through prime time), a black and white noir block late nights and detective fiction/police procedural series in the early mornings.
On Saturday, there are blocks of cartoons (mornings), westerns (afternoons), The Three Stooges (early evenings), "Svengoolie" (prime time), and sci-fi/superhero programs late evenings through the overnight hours.
Early Sunday mornings, MeTV airs a three-hour block of classic episodes of "Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom" to fulfill FCC mandated E/I obligations, with the rest of the day dedicated to sitcoms.
Movies.
Despite access to program content from the Universal Television, CBS Media Ventures and 20th Century Fox libraries, movies have a relatively limited presence on MeTV's weekly schedule. The network airs the Rich Koz-hosted horror and sci-fi film showcase "Svengoolie", which is syndicated by sister CW-affiliate station WCIU-TV, on Saturday evenings.
From September 2013 to January 2014, MeTV aired a prime-time film block on Friday evenings, "The MeTV Made for TV Movie", which showcased made-for-television films from the 1970s to the 1990s. Until September 2013, the network also aired "Laurel and Hardy" movies and shorts Sunday mornings.
MeTV's weekly showing of "Columbo" on Sunday nights had been the only program that appeared regularly in any feature length form. For a brief period in the 2010s, MeTV aired reruns of several "NBC Mystery Movie" series (including "Columbo") as part of a daily late night block called "The MeTV Mystery Movie". Columbo departed the network on November 21, 2021. From 2022 to 2023, MeTV aired "Perry Mason" TV movies from the 1980s/90s on Sunday nights until the program left the schedule in early February.
Morning programming blocks.
Former.
In order to comply with educational programming requirements mandated by the Federal Communications Commission's Children's Television Act on behalf of the network's affiliates, MeTV carried an hour-long block of "Green Screen Adventures" (Weigel's Chicago-based program originally meant for local viewing) on Saturday mornings and a two-hour block of the teen sitcom "Saved by the Bell" (which has long been used to meet E/I – or educational and informative – requirements, including by the original Chicago MeTV on WWME-CA prior to the national network's launch, and the TNBC block it formerly anchored) on Sunday mornings.
In September 2013, MeTV began customizing its weekend morning lineup in order to allow its affiliates to choose between running both Saturday and Sunday E/I blocks, or running the children's lineup on one weekend day and a three-hour block of classic series in place of the children's programs on the other, allowing stations to fulfill educational programming quotas by running the minimum three-hour requirement or an overall total of six hours of E/I content (this was reconfigured in January 2015 to allow stations the option of pre-empting the last two hours of the Saturday E/I block to carry only "Green Screen Adventures" and "Saved by the Bell" to reach their weekly E/I requirements). The network moved its children's programming to Sunday mornings in October 2016 for more classic television programming on Saturday morning including "The Little Rascals" and three additional hours of westerns. Starting on October 2, MeTV’s educational/informational block on Sunday mornings was overhauled with the addition of "Beakman’s World" and "Bill Nye the Science Guy", the latter acquired from Disney-ABC Home Entertainment and Television Distribution. "Saved by the Bell" also continued to air on the station on Sunday mornings up to June 29, 2025. 
MeTV also previously ran a children's program block on Saturday mornings called "AniMeTV" (which despite how the name – due to the network's use of the "Me" moniker as a branding avenue for its blocks – makes it appear, aired no Japanese-originated anime programming), that was handled by New York-based Classic Media (which, along with NBCUniversal, Nelvana and Scholastic Entertainment, previously co-owned the now-defunct digital multicast network Qubo in conjunction with Ion Media Networks, later acquired by The E. W. Scripps Company in 2021). The three-hour block premiered on April 7, 2012, to compete with The CW's Toonzai and This TV's Cookie Jar Toons/This Is for Kids. The block featured animated series such as "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe" and "", along with "Gumby" and "Mr. Magoo" animated shorts; the block officially ended on October 6, 2012, rendering Vortexx (which replaced Toonzai in 2012) and Cookie Jar Toons/This Is for Kids as the only children's blocks on a broadcast network without a strictly-E/I lineup. MeTV began airing the cult classic Sid &amp; Marty Krofft productions "H.R. Pufnstuf" and "Land of the Lost" during the 2013 Christmas season; the shows became part of the regular Saturday morning lineup on December 28, 2013, as part of an hour-long block called "Sid &amp; Marty Krofft and Me".
Current.
"Toon In With Me" – a block of classic cartoons and original skits, airing for one hour on weekday mornings – premiered on January 4, 2021, and a three-hour block of classic cartoons airs Saturday mornings under the branding of "Saturday Morning Cartoons". Its companion network, MeTV Plus, previously aired a three-hour block of classic cartoons Sunday nights under the branding of "Sunday Night Cartoons", as well as "Toon In With Me" weeknights, until MeTV Toons was launched.
Affiliates.
, MeTV has current or pending affiliation agreements with 203 television stations in over 185 television markets encompassing all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the border regions of Canada, covering approximately 92.54% of the United States; this makes MeTV the largest subchannel network by population reach percentage (a distinction once held by former sister network This TV), and the seventh largest commercial broadcast television network in the U.S.-based on total number of affiliates. Of these affiliates, 24 stations carry the network as a formal primary channel affiliation and two are general entertainment stations that air select MeTV programs on a tape-delayed basis. In almost all of its affiliation agreements, the network's channel slot is mandatorily required to be slotted on either a station's primary channel, or its secondary digital subchannel; in San Diego, this stipulation required the move of MeTV from CBS affiliate KFMB-TV's second subchannel, to ABC affiliate KGTV's second subchannel upon KFMB's launch of a subchannel for The CW to replace XETV-TDT's affiliation.
Like former sister network This TV, many of MeTV's affiliates (some of which replaced This TV with MeTV, after the former was partially acquired by Tribune Broadcasting) include regional descriptors reflecting the station's primary broadcast area underneath the logo bug displayed during the network's programming (these descriptors are also used in the customized station identifications shown at the top of each hour between programs or during commercial breaks, which differ from the silent lower third in-program IDs seen on This TV). Some stations either display customized logos using adapted versions of their current logo with the subchannel number below the main MeTV logo bug (such as WPXI in Pittsburgh) or in order to fit in with the network's "retro" format, a logo formerly used by the station (such as WHIO-TV in Dayton). Others display their callsign and city of license (and in some cases, the affiliate's virtual channel number) below the MeTV bug full-time in case the full-screen ID sequence malfunctions in some manner. From August 2014 to August 2015, station identifications for MeTV were based on the motif "Thank You for Making Us America's #1 All Classic TV Network", allowing local affiliates to customize their IDs to refer to their individual viewing area (for example, "Thank You, Chicago" on WWME-CD).
Although MeTV prefers that its local affiliates carry the entire schedule, some affiliates regularly pre-empt certain network programs in order to air morning and/or prime time newscasts produced by the station specifically for the subchannel or public affairs programs (such as with WLKY-TV in Louisville and WBAL-TV in Baltimore); this has become particularly more common since September 2015, when other Hearst Television-owned stations in markets where the group does not maintain a duopoly (as is the case with WBAL and WLKY, which launched theirs earlier) gradually began launching prime time newscasts on their MeTV-affiliated subchannels. Some of the major network affiliates that carry MeTV full-time (such as WBAL, WLKY and WCVB-TV in Boston) use the affiliated subchannel as a buffer during network sports coverage, breaking news or severe weather coverage situations to carry regularly scheduled network and/or syndicated programming seen on its main channel.
Some affiliates may also preempt select MeTV programs to air infomercials (such as with WZME in Bridgeport, Connecticut pre-2021, which pre-empted much of the network's morning and late night schedule with paid programming), locally acquired syndicated programming (such as with WJLA-TV in Washington, D.C., which aired events from the American Sports Network, a syndicated college sports distributor owned by WJLA parent Sinclair Broadcast Group, over its former MeTV subchannel on some weekends), local live sporting events (such as WTOV-TV in Wheeling, WV-Steubenville, OH which has pre-empted the schedule for Wheeling Nailers ECHL hockey game broadcasts and local high school sporting events), or in some cases, because the local syndication rights to a particular program are held by a station other than the MeTV affiliate (such as with "The Andy Griffith Show", which since the network began airing the program in September 2014, is substituted in many markets with an alternate feed of its spin-off "Mayberry R.F.D."). To address these variances, MeTV includes the fine print notation "On most MeTV stations" at the end of its program promotions regardless of whether a program or block is specifically promoted, typically during the timeslot card. Additionally, stations may also air select MeTV programs that are recorded in advance on their main channels in order to fill unprogrammed time slots or for use as a backup source of programming in the event that a network-televised sports event is delayed or postponed due to inclement weather as well as during the Christmas season to provide supplementary holiday-themed programming.
Two of MeTV's subchannel-only affiliates – WBBJ-TV in Jackson, Tennessee (which primarily affiliates its 7.3 subchannel with CBS) and WIBW-TV in Topeka, Kansas (which primarily affiliates its 13.2 subchannel with MyNetworkTV) – carry its programming on a secondary basis while nominally serving as an affiliate of a major broadcast network due to the lack of enough available stations in their markets for a standalone main channel affiliation (though despite the 'secondary' status, these stations still carry the majority of MeTV's broadcast schedule). One other affiliate, WBBZ-TV in Springville, New York (which serves the Buffalo market), operates as an independent station carrying the network's programming part-time within its main channel's regular schedule, while running the full MeTV network feed on a separate subchannel. Over time however, MeTV's ratings strength and popularity have actually caused some of these split situations to end, with MeTV going full-time on two affiliates, Charlottesville, Virginia's WAHU-CD2 and Paducah, Kentucky's WQWQ-LD at the start of 2019 and 2020, ending their runs as MeTV affiliates carrying MyNetworkTV and CW programming under secondary affiliation agreements. The MeTV channel in the Cleveland, Ohio market, WOIO-DT2, also carries MyNetworkTV, though as a non-prime contractual burn-off in the graveyard slot in lieu of sister station WUAB, which switched to The CW in 2018.
On January 7, 2011, KCTU-LD in Wichita, Kansas became the first television station not owned by Weigel to carry the MeTV network. However, KCTU's affiliation with the network lasted only about one week, as that station's owner, Great Plains Television Network LLC, and Weigel could not come to terms on a long-term affiliation contract. Afterwards, on September 7, 2012, another Wichita station (KAKE) became the Wichita MeTV affiliate, and is still around to this date. In early 2011, Bahakel Communications became the first non-Weigel station group to sign selected stations to carry MeTV on their digital subchannels, with its stations in Charlotte, North Carolina (WCCB) and Columbia, South Carolina (WOLO-TV) adding the network in early March of that year. On April 4, 2011, Weigel announced affiliation agreements for MeTV with 14 broadcasting companies, most notably Hearst Television, Hubbard Broadcasting, Graham Media Group, Nexstar Media Group, Gray Television, Cox Media Group, and Tegna Inc. Also of note, in December 2013, the network moved its Dallas-Fort Worth affiliation to a newly created subchannel of independent station KTXA (replacing Greenville-based KTXD-TV, which abruptly disaffiliated from MeTV three months earlier), marking CBS Television Stations' first affiliation deal involving a major subchannel network (Weigel and CBS would later partner to create Decades, a similar classic television-focused network that launched on May 25, 2015).
On August 31, 2022, 12 affiliates owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group and 4 affiliates owned by the E. W. Scripps Company dropped their affiliation with MeTV.
Related services.
MeToo (WMEU-CD/WCIU-DT2).
MeToo was a companion programming format, which launched on March 1, 2008, on WMEU-CA in Chicago as an extension of the local MeTV format on sister station WWME-CA. It initially maintained a wide selection of off-network sitcoms and drama series from a variety of distributors (similar to WWME's locally exclusive MeTV format, but differing from the limited distributor output of the present-day national MeTV network). Initially, WMEU maintained a similar programming schedule as WWME; however by the fall of 2008, their formats were modified to feature one station focusing mainly on sitcoms and the other largely focusing on dramas. When WWME adopted a sitcom-intensive format for its MeTV schedule on September 14, 2009, the MeToo schedule on WMEU-CA was similarly streamlined to feature only off-network dramatic programs (such as "Perry Mason", "," "," "The Rockford Files" and "The Twilight Zone") and films.
As WWME became a charter station of the national network on December 15, 2010, WMEU concurrently reverted to a general entertainment format – combining some of its existing inventory of drama programming with a selection of comedy programs aired by WWME prior to MeTV's format-to-network conversion; however it continued to carry a mix of both classic and recent programs, resulting in the local MeToo channel airing a broader variety of programming than that provided by the national version of MeTV, which largely restricts its acquired programming to series that debuted prior to 1985. The MeToo format was relegated to WWME's analog signal and WCIU digital subchannel 26.4 on November 1, 2013, when WMEU was converted into a standalone extension of WCIU's "The U Too" subchannel, itself an extension of the general entertainment independent station format carried by that station's primary channel, albeit with some classic series remaining on the schedule. The MeToo format was discontinued outright on December 29, 2014, when it was replaced on WCIU-DT4 by Weigel's new male-targeted classic television network Heroes &amp; Icons.
Weigel Broadcasting had planned to expand the MeToo format to Milwaukee, intending to launch a similar locally programmed subchannel on WBME-TV in early 2011. However, these plans were delayed and ultimately scuttled due to the launch of sister network Movies! on May 27, 2013, which took the 49.3 channel slot that had been proposed to carry the Milwaukee MeToo service. After Movies! moved to a newly created second digital subchannel of ABC affiliate WISN-TV (channel 12) in August 2014, WMLW-DT3 became a charter affiliate of Heroes &amp; Icons.
MeTV FM.
Through a local marketing agreement with owner Venture Technologies Group, Weigel operates WRME-LD (channel 6) in Chicago as a co-branded radio station, known as "MeTV FM", which maintains an oldies format focusing on classic music from the 1950s to the 1980s. The format change, announced on February 9, 2015, and formally commencing on February 23, coincided with Weigel's assumption of an LMA first formed in April 2012 between Venture Technologies and Merlin Media (the LMA was transferred from Cumulus Media to Tribune Broadcasting – which had operated it as a sports talk station – in February 2014, before switching to an FM simulcast of sister station 720 WGN in December of that year).
WRME-LD is licensed as a low-power television station, but operates as a radio station due to a technical anomaly with the analog VHF channel 6 frequency for television transmissions that allows the audio feed of such stations to be heard on 87.75 MHz on the FM band (with a visual station identification slide used on the station's television broadcasts to fulfill FCC licensing requirements).
In May 2017, it was announced that Weigel had partnered with Envision Networks, now Sun Broadcast Group, to syndicate the MeTV FM brand and format as a radio network, with Weigel handling programming and Envision handling distribution. The company cited the success of the original station (which, by then, was tied for audience share with its closest full-power competitors WJMK and WLS-FM, and by March 2018, was the 6th highest-rated station in the market), as well as the possibility of cross-promotional opportunities with MeTV television affiliates. In April 2018, Northern States Broadcasting, which just acquired purchased WHHQ AM in Bridgeport, Michigan (serving the Saginaw-Bay City-Midland radio market), affiliated with MeTV FM at its relaunch as WJMK, using the call sign vacated by one of MeTV FM's Chicago competitors, which had changed its call sign to WBMX.
MeTV+.
On May 3, 2021, it was announced that Weigel would launch MeTV Plus (MeTV+), a new 24/7 digital network that extends the brand and expands the audience of MeTV. The new channel launched on Saturday, May 15 on WCIU-TV 26.5 Chicago, Illinois and KMOH-TV 6.3 Kingman, Arizona, later spreading to other Weigel stations. In September 2021, MeTV Plus expanded their carriage beyond the two stations. Frndly TV and Philo TV added MeTV Plus to their lineups in October 2023. FuboTV added MeTV Plus to its lineup in June 2025.
Programming blocks.
MeTV+ arranges the bulk of its lineup in organized genre-based programming blocks, most of which use the "Me" moniker (in some cases, as an intentional pun) for brand unification purposes.
Affiliates.
Partial list of MeTV Plus affiliates.
MeTV Toons.
On May 2, 2024, Weigel announced that it would be partnering with Warner Bros. Discovery to launch MeTV Toons, a 24/7 free-to-air television network dedicated to broadcasting classic animation programming, on June 25, 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7024081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024081" title="Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita">
Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita

Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita (CMTC) is a rare congenital vascular disorder that usually manifests in affecting the blood vessels of the skin. The condition was first recognized and described in 1922 by Cato van Lohuizen, a Dutch pediatrician whose name was later adopted in the other common name used to describe the condition – Van Lohuizen syndrome. CMTC is also used synonymously with congenital generalized phlebectasia, nevus vascularis reticularis, congenital phlebectasia, livedo telangiectatica, congenital livedo reticularis and Van Lohuizen syndrome.
It should not be confused with the more general term "cutis marmorata", which refers to livedo reticularis caused by cold.
For a full and up-to-date description visit the CMTC webpages of the global non-profit patient organisation for people with CMTC and other vascular malformation CMTC-OVM: www.cmtc.nl/en
Signs and symptoms.
People with visible marks generally feel fine (physically) and can act normally, but when it is mentioned, they may become withdrawn and self-conscious. Some children may have low self-esteem due to the condition. CMTC is an uncommon, sporadic congenital vascular malformation characterized by a generalized or localized reticulated cutaneous vascular network.
Cutaneous lesions described in patients with CMTC include nevus flammeus, hemangioma, nevus anemicus, café-au-lait spots, melanocytic nevus, aplasia cutis and acral cyanosis. 
It has a marbled bluish to deep-purple appearance. The dark skin lesions often show a palpable loss of dermal substance. The reticulated mottling frequently appears more prominent in a cold environment (physiologic cutis marmorata), but tends not to disappear with warming. Hence, the erythema may be worsened by cooling, physical activity, or crying. CMTC frequently involves the extremities, with the lower extremities involved most commonly, followed by the upper extremities, and then the trunk and face. The lower extremities often show atrophy and seldom show hypertrophy resulting in limb circumference discrepancy.
When located on the trunk, the lesions of CMTC tend to show mosaic distribution in streaks with a sharp midline demarcation seen across the abdomen. The lesions are primarily localized, but can be segmental or generalized, often unilateral in appearance. Diffuse involvement of the skin is usually not observed.
Although its course is variable, the majority of lesions in mild cases fade by adolescence. Ulceration and secondary infection are complications in severe cases and can be fatal if present in the neonatal period.
Causes.
Fewer than 100 cases of CMTC have been published worldwide. Petrozzi reported the first case of CMTC in the United States in 1970. CMTC is believed to be more common than suspected, as studies have shown that milder forms of the disease are not being recognized as CMTC.
The pathophysiology is still unclear, with most cases occurring sporadically, although rare cases were reported in families. Studies indicated the primary involvement of capillaries, venules and veins, and possibly also that of arterioles and lymphatics.
Hypotheses that have been proposed include: environmental/external factors; peripheral neural dysfunction; failure of the development of mesodermic vessels in an early embryonic stage; autosomal dominant inheritance with incomplete penetrance and, finally, the theory of Happle.
Diagnosis.
Differential diagnosis.
During the first few weeks after birth, when the lesions are not very reticulated, CMTC may look very similar to vascular lesions such as port-wine stains. However, during follow-up, CMTC lesions become characteristic in their appearance. They must be differentiated from other causes of persistent reticulated vascular lesions, such as those in the following table:
Histology.
Some patients have a few or no histopathologic abnormalities. Histological examination of a biopsy may show an increase in the number and size of capillaries and veins (rarely lymphatics), dilated capillaries located in the deeper dermis, and hyperplasia and swollen endothelial cells with occasional dilated veins and venous lakes.
Associated abnormalities.
Associated abnormalities include the following:
Treatment.
In general, there is no treatment available for CMTC, although associated abnormalities can be treated. In the case of limb asymmetry, when no functional problems are noted, treatment is not warranted, except for an elevation device for the shorter leg.
Laser therapy has not been successful in the treatment of CMTC, possibly due to the presence of many large and deep capillaries and dilated veins. Pulsed-dye laser and long-pulsed-dye laser have not yet been evaluated in CMTC, but neither argon laser therapy nor YAG laser therapy has been helpful.
When ulcers develop secondary to the congenital disease, antibiotic treatment such as oxacillin and gentamicin administered for 10 days has been prescribed. In one study, the wound grew "Escherichia coli" while blood cultures were negative.
Prognosis.
The prognosis is favorable in most patients with an isolated cutaneous abnormality. In the majority of cases, both the vivid red marking and the difference in circumference of the extremities regress spontaneously during the first year of life. It is theorized that this may be due to the normal maturation process, with thickening of the epidermis and dermis. Improvements for some patients can continue for up to 10 years, while in other cases, the marbled skin may persist for the patient's lifetime.
One study reported an improvement in lesions in 46% of patients within three years. If CMTC persists into adulthood, it can result in complaints due to paresthesia, increased sensitivity to cold and pain, and the formation of ulcers.
Few reports included long-term follow up of CMTC into adolescence and adulthood. While about 50% of patients seem to show definite improvement in the reticular vascular pattern, the exact incidence and cause of persistent cases are unknown.
Epidemiology.
CMTC is observed at birth or shortly thereafter in 94% of patients. In other reports, however, patients did not develop skin lesions until three months or even two years after birth. Females are typically affected more often than males (64%).
Eponym.
It is named for Dr. Cato van Lohuizen.

</doc>
<doc id="7024082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024082" title="Pollopel Island">
Pollopel Island



</doc>
<doc id="7024085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024085" title="Kenny Campbell">
Kenny Campbell

Kenneth Campbell (6 September 1892 – 28 April 1971) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool, Partick Thistle, New Brighton, Stoke City and Leicester City. Campbell also played in eight full international matches for Scotland between 1920 and 1922.
Club career.
Liverpool.
Born in Cambuslang, Lanarkshire, Scotland, Campbell played for local Junior-grade teams Rutherglen Glencairn and Cambuslang Rangers in his early years; he won the Glasgow Junior League with the latter and twice represented Scotland at that level.
Liverpool manager Tom Watson brought him to Anfield in May 1911. In a contemporary interview he credited Donald McKinlay (a childhood acquaintance from his hometown) in assisting him during his early days at the club.
Campbell did not make his debut until 10 February 1912 in a Division One match at Ewood Park, a game that saw the Reds lose to Blackburn Rovers 1–0. Known for having safe hands, the goalkeeper took over from Sam Hardy after Hardy moved to Aston Villa, and proved to be just as secure as Liverpool's last line of defence. He only missed one game during the 1912–13 season, before he was replaced by his young understudy, Elisha Scott.
Campbell did put up a decent fight for the number 1 jersey, playing in all but four games of the 1913–14 campaign, and he was between the sticks for the 1914 FA Cup Final at the Crystal Palace ground on 25 April. The game finished disappointingly for Liverpool, in a 1–0 defeat to Burnley. The match was to be the last to be played at this venue and it was played in front of a reigning monarch for the very first time, George V. Like many footballers of his era, Campbell's career was interrupted for four years due to the First World War. However, upon returning to the game in 1919, he regained his position as Liverpool's number one. He stayed there until April 1920, when he played what turned out to be his last game for the club.
Later career.
Campbell left Liverpool in April 1920, returning to Scotland to play for Partick Thistle for a fee of £1750 where he played in the club's underdog victory in the 1921 Scottish Cup – still the only occasion they have won the trophy.
He returned south of the border to New Brighton (primarily for family reasons, as they had remained on Merseyside when he went to Partick) before joining Stoke City in 1923. Campbell was used as second choice 'keeper to Bob Dixon and in his four seasons spent at the Victoria Ground he made 35 appearances. He then spent another four seasons at Leicester City before ending his career with a two-year spell with old club New Brighton.
International career.
Campbell was capped eight times by Scotland (four times while at Liverpool and four while at Partick), his debut coming in a British Home Championship match at Ninian Park, Cardiff against Wales in 1920; the game finished in a 1–1 draw.
He had also been selected in an unofficial wartime international in May 1916 (the only game of this nature during the course of the war itself).
Career statistics.
Club.
Source:
International.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="7024088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024088" title="Play it Sam">
Play it Sam



</doc>
<doc id="7024091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024091" title="Berlin SV">
Berlin SV



</doc>
<doc id="7024099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024099" title="Misery (Green Day song)">
Misery (Green Day song)



</doc>
<doc id="7024101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024101" title="Marysville Pilchuck High School">
Marysville Pilchuck High School

Marysville Pilchuck High School, located in Marysville, Washington, is a public secondary school serving grades 9–12. It is part of the Marysville School District.
History.
MPHS is a combination of two local schools. The first high school in Marysville was called Marysville High School. To relieve overcrowding there, Pilchuck High School opened on September 8, 1970, although it was still under construction when it opened. Later the two student populations were combined and additions made to create one large high school called Marysville-Pilchuck High School. In 2007 the student population peaked at over 2,500. The original high school building was adapted for use as the city's junior high school and now operates as Totem Middle School.
As of 2018, the school served 1,274 students in grades 9-12.
Four academies previously at the high school: Academy of Construction and Engineering, Bio-Med Academy, International School of Communications, and School for the Entrepreneur, were relocated to the newly constructed Marysville Getchell High School, which opened in 2010.
School days are organized into six periods.
2014 school shooting.
On October 24, 2014, the high school was the location of a school shooting. Four students were killed and a fifth was seriously injured. The gunman, a student at the school, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Programs.
Since September 2010, the school has a central program called Pathways of Choice. MPHS still offers specialized classes, some of which have been cancelled at other schools, such as auto shop. MPHS also offers:
The school offers "College in the High School" programs, which enable students to earn college credits by completing college-level classes taken at the high school. Such classes include Pre-Calculus, College Algebra, Chemistry, Physics, Japanese III, Child Development, Advanced Child Development, MOS I,II; Horticulture II, Advanced Marketing, and almost every AP class. NJROTC, Culinary Arts, Running Start, and Sno-Isle Skill Center are also offered.
Arts programs.
The drama club won an award for "Outstanding Orchestra" by Seattle's Fifth Avenue Theatre for its production of Stephen Sondheim's "Into The Woods" as the 2008 spring musical, conducted by Brian Kesler. The actors playing The Princes were also nominated for "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble Group" for the same production. The drama club was also nominated for "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble Group" by Seattle's Fifth Avenue Theatre for the urchins in their production of "Little Shop of Horrors" in 2014 and received an Honorable Mention for "Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Featured Ensemble Role" in 2015 for an actress in their production of Disney's "Mary Poppins."
In the 2012 Jazz Unlimited festival at Columbia Basin College, MP won 1st in its division and a gold medal for Wind Ensemble out of 33 bands, 2nd for its Jazz I, the Don Paul "Excellence" award for best overall band in its division, best trombone section, best tuba section, outstanding soloist awards for Calvin White on alto sax and Brandon Pangalinan on tenor sax, and a bronze medal for its Symphonic band. During 2012 MPMEA Solo and Ensemble seven students received superior ratings. The Sax Quartet was declared 1st runner up for state and the Flute Trio received 2nd runner up for state.
Art students at MP entered 30 pieces of work into the Scholastic Art and Writing Awards contest. They received 28 prizes.
Athletics.
The high school's main stadium hosted exhibition matches for the Seattle Sounders of the second-division A-League in 1998 and 1998. They lost 4–1 to the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer in the second 1998 match, which was relocated to Marysville due to its grass surface.

</doc>
<doc id="7024110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024110" title="Holy Family Catholic Schools">
Holy Family Catholic Schools

Holy Family Catholic Schools (HFCS) is a Roman Catholic school system based in Dubuque, Iowa (USA). Holy Family, which operates schools in eastern Dubuque County, is a part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque. As of the 2011–2012 school year, HFCS has 1,837 students enrolled in its schools (excluding preschools).
General information.
HFCS currently operates:
Schools.
Former schools.
In 2019 the school system considered whether to close Holy Ghost School, which had 75 students, and/or St. Anthony School, which had 79 students. The decision was to close both effective 2020.
Downtown Catholic School (St. Mary-St. Patrick Consolidation) and Sacred Heart – Holy Trinity School became St. Francis School in 2002, and St. Francis closed in 2004. Four Oaks Family and Children Services bought the school building in 2006.
Enrollment.
In the 2009-2010 school year, there were 2,113 students attending Holy Family Catholic Schools (including pre-K). Of those, 1,945 (92%) were white, 21 (1%) were black, 26 (1.2%) were Asian, 57 (2.7%) students were Hispanic, and 1 was American Indian. Additionally, 1,058 (50%) were male, and 1,055 (50%) were female.
History.
In July 2001, Wahlert High School and all Dubuque Catholic elementary schools and Catholic early childhood centers joined to become one system under the name Holy Family Catholic Schools. This step was taken in an effort to continue making Catholic elementary and secondary schools in Dubuque available and accessible to all those who choose Catholic education.

</doc>
<doc id="7024113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024113" title="Verdalsøra, Norway">
Verdalsøra, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7024115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024115" title="Prize fund">
Prize fund



</doc>
<doc id="7024118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024118" title="Abunã">
Abunã

Abunã is district in Porto Velho, the capital of Rondônia, Brazil. It is situated in the Amazon Basin on the right bank of the Madeira River upstream from its confluence with the Abuna River. The Abuna River and the Madeira River upstream from their confluence mark the boundary between Brazil and Bolivia, and so Abunã is across the river from the Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="7024132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024132" title="Åkrehamn, Norway">
Åkrehamn, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7024133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024133" title="Tigress (Artemis Crock)">
Tigress (Artemis Crock)



</doc>
<doc id="7024135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024135" title="Do the right thing">
Do the right thing



</doc>
<doc id="7024140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024140" title="Bicton Woodland Railway">
Bicton Woodland Railway

The Bicton Woodland Railway is a narrow-gauge railway running in Bicton Park Botanical Gardens in the grounds of Bicton House near Budleigh Salterton in Devon.
The line was built in 1962 as a tourist attraction for visitors to the house. Most of the rolling stock was acquired from the Royal Arsenal Railway, Woolwich, with two locomotives, "Woolwich" and "Carnegie" coming from that source, as well as seven goods wagons which were reduced to their frames and converted to passenger carriages. It opened to passengers in 1963. Originally locomotives and carriages had royal blue livery.
Additional rolling stock was acquired from the RAF Fauld railway and the internal railway of the LNWR Wolverton works.
In 1998, the Bicton Gardens were put up for sale and the railway put into hiatus. The new owners sold the line's existing stock, and in 2000 took delivery of a diesel-powered replica tank engine. The line's original equipment was purchased by the Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills museum at Waltham Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="7024144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024144" title="Åndalsnes, Norway">
Åndalsnes, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7024145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024145" title="Castle Greg">
Castle Greg

Castle Greg is the archaeological remains of a Roman fortlet in Harburn on the Camilty Plantation, approximately three miles south-east of West Calder, West Lothian, in Scotland.
The site is less than an acre in size, and lies just off the B7008. It is one of the best preserved Roman earthworks in the country and was first excavated in the 19th century by Sir Daniel Wilson, the interior excavation having taken place in 1852.
The remains take the form of two defensive ditches protecting a clearly visible rectangular rampart. Originally, these ditches would have been at least fifteen feet in depth. The rampart behind the ditches still stands up to five feet high in places, though obviously, this would have been far higher when the fortlet was in use. On the rampart stood a wooden palisade, at least ten feet high, with a walkway running the length of the fortlet. 
There is an entrance through the rampart at the eastern end, over which would have stood a wooden tower attached to the walkway.
Very little remains of the flat interior of the fortlet, although it is known that within there would have been two rows of barracks, between which there was a well. There would also have been a stable block.
During the 1852 excavation of the interior, pottery was discovered from the well between the two barracks.
Castle Greg was a most likely used as a monitoring base for an east–west road running along the foot of the nearby Pentlands, from the Forth to the Clyde Valley.
Although the fortlet currently commands no long-distance views, during the 1st century AD, when the fort was in use, the surrounding countryside was not forested, and Castle Greg would have been able to view clearly up to the Fife coastline and the mountains beyond.
The name Castle Greg is possibly derived from the Roman name "Camulosessa Præsidium", from nearby Camilty, itself derived from "Camulos Tref" – literally, village of Camulos.

</doc>
<doc id="7024146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024146" title="California State Polytechnic University, Pomona College of Agriculture">
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona College of Agriculture



</doc>
<doc id="7024148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024148" title="Flash eliminator">
Flash eliminator



</doc>
<doc id="7024150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024150" title="Maple Leaf (shipwreck)">
Maple Leaf (shipwreck)

Maple Leaf is a United States National Historic Landmark in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. "Maple Leaf", a side paddlewheel steamship, was first launched as a freight and passenger vessel from the Marine Railway Yard in Kingston, Upper Canada in 1851. The sidewheel paddle steamer measured at the beam.
Sinking.
"Maple Leaf" was a civilian merchant steamship, chartered as a transport by the Union Army during American Civil War, that struck a Confederate torpedo - what we would now call a mine - as she was crossing the St. Johns River near Jacksonville on April 1, 1864. Four crew members lost their lives in the sinking. This was the first mine casualty of the war. The screw steamer was dispatched to assess the condition of the wreck on April 2, and Captain Henry W. Dale concluded his ship and cargo as a total loss.
Wreck.
"Maple Leaf"′s wreck site is located in the St. Johns River, to the west of the adjacent Mandarin neighborhood, in southeastern Duval County. The wreck was deemed a threat to river navigation so the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had all structural components above the ship's main deck removed to clear the channel in the 1880s. The shipwreck was rediscovered by the St. Johns Archaeological Expeditions, Inc. in 1984. Volunteers identified the wreck in 1984. The shipwreck site has been given the Smithsonian trinomial 8DU8032.
Because of the wreck's remarkable state of preservation (down to the line cleared in the 1880s), it is the most significant Civil War-era shipwreck yet discovered, and a good example of a mid-19th century Great Lakes steamer. On October 12, 1994, it was designated a National Historic Landmark. National Historic Landmark plaque located at 30° 19.461′ N, 81° 39.683′ W.

</doc>
<doc id="7024153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024153" title="State Route 160 (Virginia)">
State Route 160 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7024159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024159" title="WEJL">
WEJL

WEJL (630 AM) is a radio station broadcasting in Scranton, Pennsylvania. The station, known on-air as "Sports Radio WEJL", carries sports radio programming from Fox Sports Radio. WEJL is owned by Times-Shamrock Communications, former publishers of Scranton's daily newspaper, "The Times-Tribune".
The station serves as the Northeastern Pennsylvania outlet for Philadelphia Phillies baseball, Philadelphia Eagles football, Notre Dame football and Villanova Wildcats basketball.
History.
Early years.
Effective December 1, 1921, the U.S. Department of Commerce, which regulated radio communication at this time, adopted regulations to formally establish a broadcast service category. It set aside the wavelength of 360 meters (833 kHz) for "entertainment" broadcasting, and 485 meters (619 kHz) for "market and weather reports". By mid-1922 hundreds of radio stations had been established, many of which were owned by, or had close affiliations, with newspapers.
In November 1922, the Radio Sales Corporation in Scranton, headed by J. H. "Casey" Jones, received a broadcasting station license with the call sign WRAY. E. J. Lynett, publisher of "The Scranton Times" (now "The Times-Tribune"), believed radio was a natural business for a newspaper, and decided to get involved in the new medium as well. He contracted with Radio Sales to also construct a station for the "Times", and in the meantime made arrangements to provide programming for WRAY, beginning on November 29, 1922.
The "Times" was issued its first broadcasting station license, with the sequentially assigned call letters of WQAN, on January 4, 1923. (WRAY remained licensed to the Radio Sales Corporation until it was deleted in mid-1924.) WQAN made its debut broadcast on January 8, 1923, under the slogan "The Voice of the Anthracite". (Anthracite coal was mined nearby.)
WQAN's initial grant authorized broadcasting on the 360 meter "entertainment" wavelength. In early 1923 the station was further authorized for the 485 meter "market and weather report" wavelength. Later that year it was reassigned to 1070 kHz. In late 1924 WQAN changed frequency to 1200 kHz, which was followed in 1927 by a move to 1300 kHz, now sharing the frequency with Scranton's other station, WGBI (now WAAF). WQAN and WGBI were moved to 880 kHz on November 11, 1928 as part of a major reallocation made under the provisions of the Federal Radio Commission's General Order 40. In 1941, implementation of the North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement (NARBA) resulted in the two stations changing their shared frequency to 910 kHz.
Move to AM 630.
The frequency sharing agreement between WQAN and WGBI lasted for 21 years, ending in 1948 when the Lynett family built a tower atop the Times Building in downtown Scranton for WQAN-FM at 92.3 MHz, and at the same time WQAN moved to 630 AM, transmitting from the same tower, which remains in use today.
WQAN-FM's call sign was changed in the early 1950s to WEJL-FM. The FM station was shut down in July 1955, and WQAN was renamed WEJL. The new call letters were chosen in honor of longtime publisher E. J. Lynett, who had died in 1943.
For decades, WEJL transmitted with 500 watts as a daytimer, required to go off the air at night to avoid interfering with other stations on AM 630. WEJL has since boosted its daytime power to 2,000 watts and received a low-power nighttime authorization of 32 watts.
Sports radio.
Through the 1960s, 70s and 80s, WEJL was a full service radio station, playing middle of the road music with news, sports and talk. Its news updates at 12:30 pm and 4:30 pm, along with mine working schedules, were an institution in Scranton. Its news updates came from the staff of the co-owned "Scranton Times" and the ABC Information Network. It adopted its current sports radio format in the 1990s, with a mix of local sports shows and national sports programming from ESPN Radio. Gradually, most locally-produced programming was phased out, with national ESPN shows taking up nearly all of the schedule. One of the few local programs on the station is "The Beer Breakfast" featuring host Neil Trama's interviews with brewers, local hospitality industry personalities, and various celebrities airing Saturday mornings at 9:00 AM.
In 1994, the Lynetts bought 1240 WBAX in Wilkes-Barre (now WFUZ) to fill in the gaps in WEJL's coverage. Although WEJL's daytime signal decently covers Wilkes-Barre, much of the southern part of the market (for instance, Hazleton) gets only a grade B signal due to the area's rugged terrain. At night, it must power down to 32 watts, limiting its nighttime coverage to Lackawanna County.
In 2008, the stations applied for permission to rebroadcast on FM translators W241AZ (96.1 Dunmore) and W241BB (96.1 Wilkes-Barre). In 2010, Times-Shamrock bought WQFN in Forest City, changed its call letters to WQFM and turned it into a full-power simulcast of WEJL. In April 2012 W263AL in Avoca at 100.5 began rebroadcasting WEJL and at the same time W241AZ in Dunmore switched to Clarks Summit and began rebroadcasting WFUZ through WEZX-HD2. In July 2013 WQFM changed its call sign to WEJL-FM. On November 15, 2021 WEJL-FM changed their call letters to WQFN and switched to a simulcast of hot adult contemporary-formatted WQFM 92.1 FM Nanticoke. In December 2021, WFUZ split from simulcasting with WEJL.
On July 1, 2024, WEJL switched its affiliation from ESPN Radio to Fox Sports Radio, while also rebranding as "Sports Radio WEJL" and switching from the 96.1 W241BB Wilkes-Barre translator to the 102.7 W274AO Scranton translator.

</doc>
<doc id="7024162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024162" title="FC Porto (roller hockey)">
FC Porto (roller hockey)

Futebol Clube do Porto (), commonly referred to as FC Porto (or FC Porto Fidelidade, for sponsorship purposes), or simply Porto, is a professional roller hockey team based in Porto, Portugal. They compete in the Portuguese First Division, the top-tier league in the country, and dispute their home matches at the Dragão Arena.
In domestic competitions, they won 26 league titles (ten of which, conquered consecutively between the 2001–02 and 2010–11 seasons, a Portuguese roller hockey record), 19 Portuguese Cups, 23 Portuguese Super Cups and two Portuguese Elite Cups.
At international level, the team won three WSE Champions League titles, two WSE Cups, two CERH Cup Winners' Cups, two WSE Continental Cups and one Intercontinental Cup.
Current squad.
Squad for the 2024–25 season:
Technical staff.
Technical staff for the 2024–25 season:

</doc>
<doc id="7024164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024164" title="HMCS Suderoy">
HMCS Suderoy

After the fall of Norway to Nazi Germany on 10 June 1940, the Norwegian whale factory ship "Suderøy" and her whale catchers, Suderøy IV" (J03), Suderøy V" (J04), "Suderøy VI" (J05) and "Star XVI" were ordered to sail to Halifax from Hampton Roads, where they had taken refuge. In June 1940, at Halifax, "Suderøy IV", "V" and "VI" were chartered from the Norwegian government in exile by the Royal Canadian Navy, converted and commissioned as minesweepers.

</doc>
<doc id="7024166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024166" title="Ahtaj, Afghanistan">
Ahtaj, Afghanistan



</doc>
<doc id="7024176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024176" title="Casson handle">
Casson handle

In 4-dimensional topology, a branch of mathematics, a Casson handle is a 4-dimensional topological 2-handle constructed by an infinite procedure. They are named for Andrew Casson, who introduced them in about 1973. They were originally called "flexible handles" by Casson himself, and introduced the name "Casson handle" by which they are known today. In that work he showed that Casson handles are topological 2-handles, and used this to classify simply connected compact topological 4-manifolds.
Motivation.
In the proof of the h-cobordism theorem, the following construction is used.
Given a circle in the boundary of a manifold, we would often like to find a disk embedded in the manifold whose boundary is the given circle. If the manifold is simply connected then we can find a map from a disc to the manifold with boundary the given circle, and if the manifold is of dimension at least 5 then by putting this disc in "general position" it becomes an embedding. The number 5 appears for the following reason: submanifolds of dimension "m" and "n" in general position do not intersect provided the dimension of the manifold containing them has dimension greater than formula_1. In particular, a disc (of dimension 2) in general position will have no self intersections inside a manifold of dimension greater than 2+2. 
If the manifold is 4 dimensional, this does not work: the problem is that a disc in general position may have double points where two points of the disc have the same image. This is the main reason why the usual proof of the h-cobordism theorem only works for cobordisms whose boundary has dimension at least 5. We can try to get rid of these double points as follows. Draw a line on the disc joining two points with the same image. If the image of this line is the boundary of an embedded disc (called a Whitney disc), then it is easy to remove the double point. However this argument seems to be going round in circles: in order to eliminate a double point of the first disc, we need to construct a second embedded disc, whose construction involves exactly the same problem of eliminating double points. 
Casson's idea was to iterate this construction an infinite number of times, in the hope that the problems about double points will somehow disappear in the infinite limit.
Construction.
A Casson handle has a 2-dimensional skeleton, which can be constructed as follows. 
We can represent these skeletons by rooted trees such that each point is joined to only a finite number of other points: the tree has a point for each disc, and a line joining points if the corresponding discs intersect in the skeleton. 
A Casson handle is constructed by "thickening" the 2-dimensional construction above to give a 4-dimensional object: we replace each disc formula_2 by a copy of formula_4. Informally we can think of this as taking a small neighborhood of the skeleton (thought of as embedded in some 4-manifold). There are some minor extra subtleties in doing this: we need to keep track of some framings, and intersection points now have an orientation. 
Casson handles correspond to rooted trees as above, except that now each vertex has a sign attached to it to indicate the orientation of the double point.
We may as well assume that the tree has no finite branches, as finite branches can be "unravelled" so make no difference. 
The simplest exotic Casson handle corresponds to the tree which is just a half infinite line of points (with all signs the same). It is diffeomorphic to formula_5 with a cone over the Whitehead continuum removed.
There is a similar description of more complicated Casson handles, with the Whitehead continuum replaced by a similar but more complicated set.
Structure.
Freedman's main theorem about Casson handles states that they are all homeomorphic to formula_4; or in other words they are topological 2-handles. In general they are not diffeomorphic to formula_4 as follows from Donaldson's theorem, and there are an uncountable infinite number of different diffeomorphism types of Casson handles. However the interior of a Casson handle is diffeomorphic to formula_8; Casson handles differ from standard 2 handles only in the way the boundary is attached to the interior.
Freedman's structure theorem can be used to prove the h-cobordism theorem for 5-dimensional topological cobordisms, which in turn implies the 4-dimensional topological Poincaré conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="7024178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024178" title="Walled Obelisk">
Walled Obelisk

The Walled Obelisk or Masonry Obelisk () is a Roman monument in the form of an obelisk in the former Hippodrome of Constantinople, now Sultanahmet Square in Istanbul, Turkey. It is situated west of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque, at the southern end of the ancient chariot-racing track of Constantinople's central barrier, beside the Obelisk of Theodosius and the Serpentine Column. Its original construction date in late antiquity is unknown, but it is sometimes named Constantine's Obelisk () after the inscription added by the Roman emperor Constantine VII "Porphyrogenitus", who repaired it in the 10th century.
History.
The -high obelisk was most likely a Theodosian construction, built to mirror the Obelisk of Theodosius on the "spina" of the Roman circus of Constantinople; the Circus Maximus in Rome also had two obelisks on its "spina". 
The 10th-century emperor Constantine VII had the monument restored and coated with plates of gilt bronze; a Greek inscription in iambic trimeter was added at this time. The inscription mentions the repair works carried out by Constantine VII and compares it to the colossus in Rhodes. In addition to this the inscription also mentions the name of his son and successor, Romanos II.
By the 10th and 11th centuries, the obelisk was referred to as the 'tower of brass' in the medieval Arab world, although accounts sometimes confused it with the Obelisk of Theodosius. The late 12th-early 13th-century writer al-Harawi was the source for several Arabic geographers' inclusion of a detail about the monument: the Byzantines put potsherds and nuts amongst the masonry in order to see them crack when strong winds would cause the stones to shift.
At that time, it was decorated with gilded bronze plaques that portrayed the victories of Basil I, the grandfather of Constantine VII.
The obelisk's gilded bronze plaques were removed and melted down by the Fourth Crusaders in 1204.
Since young Janissaries liked to show their prowess by climbing the obelisk, the masonry suffered further damage to its surface.
The Walled Obelisk was depicted on the reverse of the Turkish 500 lira banknotes of 1953–1976.
Inscription.
The inscription in iambic trimeters commemorating the Obelisk's restoration by Constantine VII is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="7024180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024180" title="WFUZ (AM)">
WFUZ (AM)

WFUZ (1240 kHz) is an AM radio station in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. It simulcasts the classic rock radio format of WEZX in Scranton, filling in the gaps in WEZX's signal outside Lackawanna County. It is owned by Times-Shamrock Communications of Scranton.
History.
WFUZ is the oldest radio station in northeast Pennsylvania, founded as WBAX on April 29, 1922 by John H. Stenger Jr. WFUZ is also the fifth-oldest station in Pennsylvania. WBAX originally broadcast on a frequency of 833 kHz, the common local broadcast frequency used in 1922. The call letters were randomly assigned from a sequential roster of available call signs. By 1925, the station changed frequency to 1170 kHz. In 1928, WBAX changed frequencies to 1200 kHz, which it shared with Wilkes-Barre's other station, WBRE. The time-sharing arrangement between WBAX and WBRE ceased by 1930 when WBAX moved to 1210 kHz and WBRE moved to 1310 kHz. WBAX stayed at 1210 kHz until the great nationwide frequency reassignment mandated by the Federal government took place in 1941 moving the station to its current dial position of 1240 kHz. WBAX was an affiliate of the Mutual radio network during its early history and for a period of time in the 1970s and 1980s was owned by Merv Griffin Group Radio.
In 1994, the Lynett family of Scranton, publishers of "The Scranton Times" (now "The Times-Tribune"), bought WBAX and turned it into a full simulcast of WEJL (630 AM). Although WEJL's daytime signal decently covers Wilkes-Barre, much of the southern part of the market (for instance, Hazleton) gets only a grade B signal due to the area's rugged terrain. At night, WEJL must power down to 32 watts, effectively limiting its nighttime coverage to Lackawanna County.
The station changed its call sign to WQFM on October 1, 2018, then to WFUZ on December 28, 2020.
As of December 2021, WFUZ switched to a simulcast of classic rock-formatted WEZX (106.9 FM).

</doc>
<doc id="7024183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024183" title="Ceará FC">
Ceará FC



</doc>
<doc id="7024188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024188" title="Lori Ann Piestewa">
Lori Ann Piestewa



</doc>
<doc id="7024190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024190" title="Chakansur, Afghanistan">
Chakansur, Afghanistan



</doc>
<doc id="7024192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024192" title="The Walled Obelisk">
The Walled Obelisk



</doc>
<doc id="7024198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024198" title="Billy Bremner (musician)">
Billy Bremner (musician)

William Murray Bremner (born 4 August 1946, in Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, Scotland) is a Scottish guitarist, best known for his work in the band Rockpile and on many of Nick Lowe and Dave Edmunds' albums. He has also played with The Pretenders, Shakin' Stevens, Carlene Carter and The Coal Porters, as well as issuing four solo albums.
Career overview.
Bremner first became known playing with The Luvvers, who served as Lulu's backing band. However, by the time Bremner joined the group in 1966, they were on the wane; Bremner did not play on any of Lulu's recorded material, and joined just after the group recorded their only single without Lulu ("The House on the Hill"/"Most Unlovely") for Parlophone in 1966. The Luvvers disbanded in 1967.
In 1971, Bremner added some guitar work to "March Hare", the first solo album from ex-Honeybus member Colin Hare. He then became a member of the Neil Innes band Fatso, which went on to record the soundtrack for the original "Rutland Weekend Television" series.
As "Bill Murray" he released two singles produced by Kris Ife: "Downtown Hoedown" / "Rhyme And Reason" (Polydor 2058 881, 1977) and "Heart and the Stone" / "I Don't Wanna Be No Hero" (State Records STAT 72, 1978).
Next, he joined Rockpile, who only released one album under their own name, but also served as the band for most of Nick Lowe's and Dave Edmunds' albums in the 1970s. In addition to his guitar playing, Bremner occasionally sang lead, as he did on "Heart" and "You Ain't Nothing But Fine" on the 1980 Rockpile album "Seconds of Pleasure". He also wrote Edmunds' hit "Trouble Boys" (which Edmunds would let him sing live), but used an alias, Billy Murray, on the writing credits, so as not to be confused with the more famous Scottish footballer, of the same name. "Trouble Boys" was covered by Thin Lizzy on a single in 1981. Another song by him, "The Creature from the Black Lagoon", appeared on Edmunds' third solo album, "Repeat When Necessary".
After Rockpile split in 1981, Bremner released two solo singles on Stiff Records "Loud Music In Cars" / "The Price is Right" (BUY 125) and "Laughter Turns to Tears" / "Tired and Emotional" (BUY 143). Bremner then played lead guitar on The Pretenders' 1982 hit single "Back On The Chain Gang" / "My City Was Gone" and later provided lead guitar for their 1990 album "Packed!".
Bremner released his first solo album, "Bash!", in 1984, containing songs co-written with The Records' Will Birch, and covers of songs by Elvis Costello, and Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook of Squeeze. "Bash!" featured a rhythm section of Dave Kerr-Clemenson from Fast Buck on bass and Terry Williams from Rockpile on drums. Bremner played all the guitar parts and sang the harmonies with Kerr-Clemenson.
After stints in Los Angeles, California, (where he played in the bands of Pat McLaughlin and Rosie Flores) and Nashville, Tennessee Bremner moved to Sweden in the 1990s where he met The Refreshments, producing and playing on their album "It's Gotta Be Both Rock 'n' Roll". A second solo album, "A Good Week's Work", followed in 1999 and a third "No Ifs, Buts, Maybes" in 2006, both recorded in Sweden. His most recent solo album, "Rock Files", was issued in 2012.
Bremner was also a member of Stockholm-based band Trouble Boys with Sean Tyla and two Swedish musicians, who released an album called "Bad Trouble" in September 2012

</doc>
<doc id="7024208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024208" title="The Constantine Obelisk">
The Constantine Obelisk



</doc>
<doc id="7024209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024209" title="Constantine Obelisk">
Constantine Obelisk



</doc>
<doc id="7024210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024210" title="Gereshk, Afghanistan">
Gereshk, Afghanistan



</doc>
<doc id="7024216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024216" title="Landay, Afghanistan">
Landay, Afghanistan



</doc>
<doc id="7024223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024223" title="Porcuna, Jaén">
Porcuna, Jaén



</doc>
<doc id="7024228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024228" title="Emanuel Point Shipwreck Site">
Emanuel Point Shipwreck Site

The Emanuel Point Shipwreck Site is a historic site near Pensacola, Florida, United States. It is located off Emanuel Point. It has been identified as the galleon San Juan, of the fleet that carried conquistador Tristan de Luna and his army to La Florida in 1559. It sank along with most of the fleet during a hurricane that struck the coast shortly after Luna's arrival. On March 4, 1996, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7024230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024230" title="Algebraic Geometric Codes">
Algebraic Geometric Codes



</doc>
<doc id="7024232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024232" title="Lea Line">
Lea Line



</doc>
<doc id="7024235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024235" title="C.D. Paço d'Arcos">
C.D. Paço d'Arcos

Clube Desportivo Paço d'Arcos is a rink hockey club from Paço de Arcos, Portugal. Its senior team participates in the Portuguese Roller Hockey First Division.
Honours.
National.
1942–43, 1944–45, 1945–46, 1946–47, 1947–48, 1948–49, 1953–54, 1955–55
International.
1999–00

</doc>
<doc id="7024237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024237" title="Dick Burns">
Dick Burns

Richard Simon Burns (December 26, 1863 – November 16, 1937) was an American professional baseball player from 1883 to 1890. He played three seasons in Major League Baseball, principally as a pitcher and outfielder, for the Detroit Wolverines (37 games, 1883), Cincinnati Outlaw Reds (79 games, 1884) and St. Louis Maroons (14 games, 1885).
During his major league career, Burns appeared in 82 games as an outfielder, 58 as a pitcher and two as a shortstop. He compiled a .267 batting average and scored 97 runs in 544 at bats. As a pitcher, he compiled a 25–27 (.481) win–loss record with a 3.07 earned run average (ERA).
During the 1884 season, he led the Union Association (UA) with 12 triples, ranked third in the league with a .457 slugging percentage, and compiled a 23–15 record and 2.46 ERA as pitcher, and threw a no-hitter. Baseball historian Bill James in "The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract" has cited Burns's dramatically improved performance in 1884 in support of his view that the UA was not a true major league. Although his major league career ended in July 1885, Burns continued to play minor league baseball through the 1890 season and later became a cigar and tobacco seller in his hometown of Holyoke, Massachusetts.
Early years.
Burns was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts, in 1863. His parents, Thomas and Bridget (Hoy) Burns, were both immigrants from Ireland. At the time of the 1880 U.S. Census, Burns's father was employed as a carpenter. At age 16, Burns worked in a cotton mill, as did his older siblings, Margaret, James and Mary. In 1882, at age 18, Burns began his baseball career playing for the Holyoke club in his hometown.
Professional baseball.
Detroit.
Burns began his major league career at age 19 with the 1883 Detroit Wolverines of the National League. He appeared in 37 games for the Wolverines, 24 as an outfielder and 17 as a pitcher. In early April 1883, the "Detroit Free Press" reported on the Wolverines' pre-season pitching practice—conducted in the main hall of Detroit's Music Hall. The newspaper reported that the team's new pitcher, Burns, was 5 feet, 7 inches tall, weighed only 140 pounds (a weight that, "with proper training, will doubtless increase"), showed good command of the ball and was developing an "up-shoot" pitch that was "a beauty." A veteran player who observed Burns in spring practice praised his "clever change of pace" and shared the "Free Press"'s view that "his up-shoots will be hard to hit." According to "The Dickson Baseball Dictionary", the uses of the term "up-shoot" in April 1883, in reference to Burns's pitches, are the first known uses of the term. An "upshoot" in baseball is a curve ball that appears to rise as it approaches the plate.
Despite the beauty of his "up-shoot" pitch, Burns played for a seventh place team that compiled a 40–58 record. In his first major league game, on May 3, 1883, Burns was the losing pitcher in a 10-1 defeat against the Chicago White Stockings. Burns gave up 12 hits and three bases on balls in nine innings, but his team also committed 10 errors (including three by shortstop Sadie Houck), and the "Detroit Free Press" was upbeat about Burns's debut performance:"Burns, the new pitcher, made his first appearance in the box as a league twirler, and was, naturally enough, nervous, especially as he was facing the sluggers of the champion team. It was hoped that he would be well supported, but he was not. The only wonder is that he 'stood up' as well as he did. Many an old pitcher would have weakened under such circumstances. He made a good impression, however, the nearly universal expression of the spectators being that he came out of the game with credit. He made errors himself, muffing a fly, and giving three men bases on called balls, but these were to be expected under the circumstances, and he has no cause to be disheartened; quite the contrary."
For the season as a whole, Burns compiled a 2–12 (.143) win–loss record and a 4.51 earned run average (ERA). As a batter, Burns compiled a .186 batting average. His Wins Above Replacement (WAR) for the 1883 season was -1.8.
Cincinnati.
In 1884, Burns joined the Cincinnati Outlaw Reds of the newly-formed and short-lived Union Association (UA). Competing against the lower talent level in the UA, Burns had the best year of his career. As a pitcher, he started 40 games (34 of them complete games) and compiled a 23–15 win–loss record and a 2.46 ERA in innings. He also pitched a no-hitter on August 26, 1884, against the Kansas City Cowboys, the first of only two no-hitters pitched in the UA. His no-hitter was also the first ever hurled by a major league ballplayer of a Cincinnati club.
Burns improved dramatically as a batter against UA pitching. His batting average jumped by 120 points over the prior season to .306. He led the UA with 12 triples and ranked among the league leaders with a .457 slugging percentage (3rd), a .306 batting average (7th), 84 runs scored (7th), and 33 extra base hits (8th). His WAR rating of 4.0 (an increase of 5.8 over his 1883 rating) was the ninth highest in the UA. Burns also appeared in six games for the Newark Domestics of the Eastern League during the 1884 season.
Baseball historian Bill James in "The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract" has cited Burns as one of the players supporting his view that the UA was not a true major league. James noted that Burns did not make the grade with Detroit in 1883, became "one of the best players" in the UA, earning him "another look" in the National League, lasting only 14 games. In support of his contention that Burns was not able to compete at a major league level, James asserts that Burns was "released by Detroit in mid-summer, 1883." The latter statement by James is erroneous. An account published in the "Detroit Free Press" on October 1, 1883, reports that Burns was Detroit's right fielder in the final game of the season. Other game accounts show him playing in games for Detroit in August 1883 (right field on August 7 and 8, 1883; right and center field on August 9, 1883) and September 1883 (right field on September 5, 1883).
1885 season.
The Union Association merged with the National League after the 1884 season, and Burns began the 1885 season with the Milwaukee Brewers of the newly-formed Western League. He appeared in 31 games for the Brewers and was the team's center fielder. He was also the Brewers' highest paid player. with one newspaper reporting he was paid a salary of $1,700, and another source stating that he was signed for $2,500 and $200 in advance money. However, the Western League folded in mid-June 1885.
On June 24, 1885, "The Sporting Life" reported that the Cincinnati Reds had made an offer to Burns. Burns opted instead to sign with the St. Louis Maroons of the National League. Burns appeared in 14 games for the Maroons, 14 games in the outfield (principally center field) and three innings as a relief pitcher in one game. A newspaper account of his first game for St. Louis, on July 6, 1885, noted: "Dick Burns made his inaugural appearance as a member of the St. Louis Club, and distinguished himself in the sixth inning by making a remarkable running backward catch of a line hit from Gilligan's bat, which really saved the game." Again facing tougher competition in the National League, Burns's batting average dropped 84 points from the prior season to .222. He appeared in his final major league game on July 23, 1885, a 15–3 loss to the New York Giants in which Burns played center field, had no hits in four at bats, and committed two errors in three chances for the Maroons. 
In early July 1885, "The Sporting Life" reported that Burns was signed to play for the minor league baseball club in Waterbury, Connecticut, at a salary of $200 a month. He appeared in 26 games for Waterbury during the 1885 season as the team shifted from the Eastern League to the Connecticut State League and finally to the Southern New England League.
Minor leagues.
Although his major league career ended in July 1885, Burns continued to play minor league baseball through the 1890 season. He began the 1886 season playing for Tim Murnane's Boston Blues in the New England League. In early June 1886, Burns, at age 22, was also given managerial responsibility for the club in Murnane's absence, becoming a player-manager. Burns concluded the 1886 season playing in the outfield, principally right field, for the Brockton, Massachusetts club in the New England League.
In April 1887, Burns signed with the New Haven Blues of the Eastern League. He appeared in 56 games for New Haven. In late July 1887, the Lowell Magicians of the New England League purchased Burns's release from the New Haven club. Burns appeared in 39 games for Lowell during the latter half of the 1887 season.
Burns played the 1888 season with the Scranton Miners of the Central League. "The Sporting Life" reported that, while playing for Scranton in 1888, Burns had been "certainly one of the finest fielders, batters and base-runners of the Central League."
In late April 1889, "The Sporting Life" reported that Burns had not been signed for the 1889 season and was at his home in Holyoke, Massachusetts. He was ultimately signed by, and played for, the Auburn Yankees of the New York State League, but he was released by Auburn in June 1889. He was then picked up by the Lowell, Massachusetts club in the Atlantic Association where he played during the last half of the 1889 season. On July 26, 1889, Burns pitched a two-hitter against Worcester. "The Sporting Life" reported that he pitched "a magnificent game."
Burns's professional baseball career concluded in 1890 with the Hartford, Connecticut club in the Atlantic Association. He was released in May 1890, at age 26, after playing in only one game.
Although information is not available as to the year, Burns is reported to have played one or two games for the Brattleboros of Brattleboro, Vermont, and to have thereafter served as an umpire there.
Later years.
After retiring from baseball, Burns continued living in his hometown of Holyoke, Massachusetts. In 1894, he was an alderman in that city. In 1900, he remained in Holyoke, residing with his mother (Bridget Burns) and sister (Margaret Parker); he was employed at that time as a cigar dealer. In 1910 and 1920, Burns was still living in Holyoke with his sister, Margaret Parker. He was employed in 1910 as a bookkeeper at a cigar store and in 1920 as the proprietor of a cigar and tobacco retail store. In 1930, Burns was an "inmate" at the Holyoke City Home on Upper Springfield Road.
Burns died in Holyoke in 1937 at age 73. He was interred at the Calvary Cemetery in that city.

</doc>
<doc id="7024241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024241" title="Nok Kundi, Afghanistan">
Nok Kundi, Afghanistan



</doc>
<doc id="7024246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024246" title="Barry Douglas (pianist)">
Barry Douglas (pianist)

William Barry Douglas (born 23 April 1960) in Belfast, Northern Ireland, is a classical pianist and conductor.
Early life and education.
He studied piano, cello, clarinet and organ while growing up in Belfast. He first studied in Belfast while attending Methodist College Belfast and, at 16, had lessons with Felicitas LeWinter, a pupil of Emil von Sauer and grand-pupil of Franz Liszt. In London he studied with John Barstow for four years and then studied privately with Maria Curcio, the last and favourite pupil of Artur Schnabel, going on to study with the Russian pianist Yevgeny Malinin in Paris. He won the Bronze Medal at the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in Texas in 1985 and second prize in the 1980 Paloma O'Shea Santander International Piano Competition in Spain. He won the gold medal outright in the International Tchaikovsky Competition in 1986.
Career.
His debut album was a recording of Modest Mussorgsky's "Pictures at an Exhibition". He has made many recordings since then and in 2007 he completed (with Camerata Ireland) recording the five Beethoven piano concertos and the Triple Concerto (with Kim Chee-yun and Andrés Díaz). He is Artistic Director of the International Piano Festival in Manchester, England and the Clandeboye Festival in Clandeboye, Bangor, County Down. He founded Camerata Ireland in 1998 which had Elizabeth II and Mary McAleese (the then President of Ireland) as Joint Patrons.
Douglas increasingly devotes part of his time to conducting the Camerata Ireland orchestra. He has directed cycles of the complete Beethoven symphonies (in November 2002) and Mozart and Schubert symphonies and Mozart concertos in 2000 and 2001. He has made recordings for the RCA Victor Red Seal and Satirino France labels.
Later awards.
Douglas was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2002 New Year Honours List for services to music. He also received a Fellowship of the Royal College of Music where he is Visiting Prince Consort Professor of Piano, and an Hon. Doctorate of Music from Queen's University Belfast. He received an honorary Doctorate of Music from the National University of Ireland in September 2007. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2021 New Year Honours for services to music and to community relations in Northern Ireland.
He is married and has three children. He shares his time between Paris and Lurgan.

</doc>
<doc id="7024258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024258" title="Abadla, Algeria">
Abadla, Algeria



</doc>
<doc id="7024260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024260" title="Torreperogil, Jaén">
Torreperogil, Jaén



</doc>
<doc id="7024265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024265" title="Abelessa, Algeria">
Abelessa, Algeria



</doc>
<doc id="7024266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024266" title="Dobbie Brothers">
Dobbie Brothers



</doc>
<doc id="7024267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024267" title="Central Plains Athletic Conference">
Central Plains Athletic Conference



</doc>
<doc id="7024269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024269" title="Nasmyth telescope">
Nasmyth telescope

The Nasmyth telescope, also called Nasmyth–Cassegrain or Cassegrain–Nasmyth, is a reflecting telescope developed by the Scottish inventor James Nasmyth in 1845. It is a modified form of a Cassegrain telescope, with light reflected sideways to an eyepiece.
Scheme.
As in the Cassegrain telescope, the light falls on a concave primary mirror, then is reflected towards a convex secondary mirror. A comparatively small tertiary flat mirror reflects the light to one of the sides of the telescope. (The central hole in the primary mirror may still host a Cassegrain focus if the tertiary can be moved out of the way.) This flat mirror is placed on the altitude axis, so that the beam exits through a hole in the middle of the altitude bearing. This means the eyepiece or instrument does not need to move up and down with the telescope as the tertiary mirror's angle with the main telescope axis is adjustable as a function of the telescope's pointing and the star's elevation above the horizon;
therefore a heavy instrument can be used without upsetting the balance of the telescope or increasing the load on the altitude bearings. This has significant advantages for spectrographs and other heavy instruments typically used at research observatories. Most modern research telescopes can be configured into a Nasmyth telescope (i.e. to use the "Nasmyth Focus").
Observatories.
The twin 10-meter telescopes at W. M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii, the 8.2-meter Subaru Telescope sited next to them, the four 8.2-meter Unit Telescopes of ESO's Very Large Telescope and their predecessor the 3.6-meter New Technology Telescope are notable examples that support an array of specialized instruments on their Nasmyth platforms, with a similar design being used for the future Thirty Meter Telescope and Extremely Large Telescope. The 2.4-meter Automated Planet Finder telescope at Lick Observatory in California supports the use of two Nasmyth foci. The Sierra Nevada Observatory (OSN) in Spain has two Nasmyth telescopes, including a 1.5-meter diameter aperture one. The SOFIA airborne telescope also uses this design.

</doc>
<doc id="7024270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024270" title="1981 Little League World Series">
1981 Little League World Series

The 1981 Little League World Series took place between August 25 and August 29 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Taiping Little League of Taichung, Taiwan, defeated the Belmont Heights Little League of Tampa, Florida, in the championship game of the 35th Little League World Series (LLWS).
This was the fifth consecutive title for Taiwan, which remains the longest LLWS winning streak by any single country or U.S. state.

</doc>
<doc id="7024273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024273" title="Aet Legra, Algeria">
Aet Legra, Algeria



</doc>
<doc id="7024274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024274" title="Civil unions in Jan Mayen">
Civil unions in Jan Mayen



</doc>
<doc id="7024275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024275" title="Eagley Brook">
Eagley Brook

Eagley Brook (also known during the formative part of its course as Belmont Brook) is a small river of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in England.
Rising at the confluence of several smaller streams at Old Man's Hill in the West Pennine Moors, the brook almost immediately feeds Belmont Reservoir, after which it moves south and south east, passing the village of Belmont and collecting several tributaries and traversing the Longworth Clough, emerging close to Egerton.
From there, the river goes south, through Eagley near Bromley Cross, towards Astley Bridge, after which it joins Astley Brook at Meeting of the Waters to form the River Tonge.
Eagley Brook was historically important to the industrial and economic life of the north Bolton area. Its fast-flowing streams provided power to the water-wheels of the early industrial period, steam power at a later date, and soft water for bleaching and paper making.

</doc>
<doc id="7024276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024276" title="Western Union (schooner)">
Western Union (schooner)

Western Union is a historic schooner located in Key West, Florida, United States. She is berthed at the Key West Bight at 202 William Street. "Western Union" is the last surviving authentic working tall ship built in Florida. On May 16, 1984, "Western Union" was added to the US National Register of Historic Places. She is also the official flagship of the State of Florida and the flagship of the city of Key West.
History.
Launched in 1939 by Herbert Elroy Arch, Thompson Enterprises, "Western Union" was built to function as a cable tender in order to maintain the communication link between Florida cities, Caribbean islands and South America. The ship's frame was constructed of Cayman mahogany while all of her planking was Longleaf yellow pine from Florida. Two engines were also installed to maintain her steadiness at sea and to facilitate the cable laying process. "Western Union" was built to replace another schooner, "John W. Atkins", in the servicing of undersea telegraph cables. While she was owned by the Western Union Thompson Fish Company, "Western Union" was almost immediately leased to the Western Union Telegraph Co. From 1939 to 1974, the schooner was used to check and repair the signal cable from Key West to Cuba, as well as to lay undersea telegraph cable throughout the Caribbean. In all, "Western Union" laid more than of undersea telegraph cable. In 1974 she was converted into a passenger vessel. For the next decade, "Western Union" carried a large number of passengers, most notably musician Jimmy Buffett.
"Western Union" was sent to New York City in 1976 to participate in Operation Sail as part of the United States Bicentennial. In honor of the event, "Western Union" was temporarily renamed "La Amistad" as a representation of the historical cargo ship La Amistad.
In 1984 "Western Union" was sold to the Philadelphia-based non-profit, Vision Quest National, Ltd. and renamed "New Way". The vessel was utilized for a program to redirect troubled youth. On May 16, 1984, the ship was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 1997, she played the role of "La Amistad" in the 1997 Steven Spielberg film "Amistad". The opportunity for the ship to return to Key West came about in 1997 and she was subsequently purchased by Historic Tours of America, Key West. HTA restored her original name, "Western Union" and ran sunset and day sails as well as charter trips. But in early 2007, HTA announced it had been losing $100,000/year on the charters and put the boat up for sale for $600,000.
Theo Glorie, a local visionary and co-owner of The Coffee Plantation with his wife Diane, decided to try to try to save the ship and keep it in Key West. He founded the Schooner Western Union Preservation Society &amp; Maritime Museum (SWUPS), a non-profit organization dedicated to restoring and preserving the historic schooner for the public as a sailing experience aboard a working, sailing museum to commemorate Florida's seafaring heritage. A group of local community leaders, including Captain Frank Holden, attorney Michael Browning, HTA CEO Chris Belland, Monroe County Commissioner Heather Carruthers, realtor Guy DeBoer (currently editor of the weekly newspaper "Konk Life"), realtor Ed Anderson, developer Roger Bernstein, Schooner Wharf Bar co-owner Paul Whortington and Bill Semich, President and Editor of "Key West Magazine", stepped up and agreed to join the Society's initial board of directors, along with Glorie. Months later in October 2007, HTA donated the historic schooner to SWUPS. The first order of business was to restore the seventy-year-old schooner so she could continue to be certified by the United States Coast Guard to sail with passengers as a sailing, working museum.
Restoration.
In 2008 a marine surveyor and the United States Coast Guard found that "Western Union" required a massive restoration in order to continue to sail with passengers. The ship, for her 70 years of age, had never been fully restored.
Because "Western Union" is on the National Register of Historic Places, the restoration work was accomplished in accordance with the Secretary of the Interior's Standard for Historic Vessel Preservation Projects. Restoration funds were raised by private citizen contributions, the Monroe County Tourist Development Council, and local Key West businesses. The restoration project was overseen by Master Shipwright, Leon Poindexter, owner of Seaport Vessels, LLC. Poindexter and his crew had previous experience by the rebuilding of HMS "Surprise" used in the movie, .
Following an extensive restoration project, "Western Union", the United States Coast Guard approved the final inspection of the ship in 2011, allowing her to resume passenger sailings.
After a failed Coast Guard inspection in 2014, repairs began again on the "Western Union".
Current operations.
The "Western Union" was for a time, undergoing repairs in Tarpon Springs, Florida at Marpro Marine Services, LLC. For many years, the ship was docked off of William Street in the Key West Bight (Historic Seaport). In 2019 after the death of chief restorers Bill Barry, Capt. Frank Holden and Richard Manley of Manley deBoer, the vessel was towed back to Key West without her masts, spars, and railings to be stored on the hard at Robbie’s Marina on Stock Island, where she still sits today. In addition, the captain who was hired to oversee the restoration in Tarpon Springs was entirely unfamiliar with wooden boats and was ill-equipped for the responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="7024278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024278" title="Listen!!!">
Listen!!!



</doc>
<doc id="7024285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024285" title="Pneumonolysis">
Pneumonolysis

Pneumonolysis, sometimes referred to as plombage, is the separation of an adherent lung from the pleura, to permit collapse of the lung. It was formerly used to treat tuberculosis before effective medications were developed.
The underlying theory of the treatment was the belief that if the diseased lobe of the lung was physically forced to collapse, it would heal quickly. There were positive results in tuberculosis therapy following plombage in the decades of the 1930s, 1940s and early-1950s. However, with the introduction of drugs which were effective in destroying the tuberculosis bacterium ("Mycobacterium tuberculosis"), plombage treatment fell into disfavor. In addition, complications of plombage began to appear in patients who had been so treated. These complications included hemorrhage, infection and fistulization (abnormal opening between two hollow organs) of the bronchus, aorta, esophagus and skin.
The technique involved surgically creating a cavity underneath the ribs in the upper part of the chest wall and filling this space with some inert material. A variety of substances were typically used and included air, olive or mineral oil, gauze, paraffin wax, rubber sheeting or bags and Lucite balls. The inserted material would force the upper lobe of the lung to collapse.

</doc>
<doc id="7024295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024295" title="Lynyrd Skynard">
Lynyrd Skynard



</doc>
<doc id="7024298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024298" title="Interchannel">
Interchannel

 was a Japanese video game developer and publisher.
History.
Interchannel was founded on October 2, 1995 as an NEC subsidiary named . Its founding was a result of divisions within NEC being spun off. NEC Interchannel took over NEC Avenue's music and game operations in October 1997, then acquired its music subsidiary, NEC Avenue Music Publishing, in March 1998. 70 percent of the company was sold to Index Corporation for approximately 3 billion yen ($28 million) in 2004. Around this time, NEC Avenue Music Publishing became . Interchannel's games tended to be Japanese only, however the company established Gamebridge Ltd., a UK-based joint venture with Bergsala, that published its games in Europe. Only ten games were ever published.
In 2006, Index Corporation opened their own music label, Index Music, from assets acquired from IC Avenue, where they specialize in publishing music from kids' anime series. In 2008, T.Y. Limited took over their music label, and in 2013, the music label was transferred over to Dreamusic under a new label, Feel Mee.
In November 2007, GungHo Online Entertainment acquired the video game assets of Interchannel from Index Corporation, however, the Interchannel logo and copyright was maintained by Index Corporation. On March 1, 2010, Lightweight acquired Interchannel. On July 21, 2023, video game developer M2 purchased the rights of NEC Interchannel games published for the Super CD-ROM² systems from Lightweight. Despite this, NEC Interchannel only published two titles in the system: "Puyo Puyo CD Tsuu" and "De-Ja".

</doc>
<doc id="7024301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024301" title="Fugazi Live Series">
Fugazi Live Series

The Fugazi Live Series is a series of live recordings by American post-hardcore band Fugazi, released on CD in 2004 and 2005 and also on the official Dischord Records Fugazi Live Series website for download beginning on December 1, 2011. As of May 2025, 898 concert recordings have been released for download.
Background.
Between 1987 and 2003, Fugazi played about 1,048 concerts in all 50 US states and all over the world. Approximately 952 of these shows were recorded by the band's sound engineers. Beginning in 2004 and continuing into 2005, Fugazi launched a 30 CD Live Series that featured concerts from various points in their career, which were made available for sale via Dischord Records. Continuing with the live series concept and after several years of development on December 1, 2011, Fugazi launched a comprehensive Live Series website through Dischord Records that features 130 of the band's concerts available for download at the suggested price of $5 each or a "pay what you want" sliding scale option for each download between $1 – $100 with the goal of eventually making all recorded shows available for purchase. As of May 2025, all but 54 of the recorded shows are available. For $500 fans can also purchase an "All Access" privilege which will include access to any future concerts and downloads added to the site.
While each concert was professionally mastered, the recordings capture everything that happened onstage and for preservation's sake the band chose not to edit anything out, singer/guitarist Guy Picciotto explained to the "New York Times" "“We liked this idea of, ‘Let’s just let it be everything,’ “ Mr. Picciotto said. “There doesn’t have to be the idea that this is the great, golden document. It’s all there, and it’s not cleaned up. You get what you get.” The sound quality also varies as the earliest recordings were made to cassettes, then eventually digital formats such as DAT, CD-R and ultimately hard-drives were used. Each concert page also includes fliers, photographs and ticket stubs. As a career-spanning archival project, the Fugazi Live Series has few equals, putting the band in the company of acts like the Grateful Dead, Phish, and Pearl Jam, some of the only other artists with such a large volume of concerts available for purchase.
CD release: Set One.
The first set of twenty live recordings was released in April 2004.
CD release: Set Two.
The second set of ten live recordings was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7024306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024306" title="Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (disambiguation)">
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (disambiguation)

Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is a 1967 album by the Beatles.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7024309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024309" title="Prison strike">
Prison strike

A prison strike is an inmate strike or work stoppage that occurs inside a prison, generally to protest poor conditions or low wages for penal labor. Prison strikes may also include hunger strikes.
United States.
In September 2016, large, coordinated prison strikes took place in 11 states, with inmates claiming they are subjected to poor sanitary conditions and jobs that amount to forced labor and modern day slavery. Organizers, which include the Industrial Workers of the World labor union, asserted that it was the largest prison strike in U.S. history.
On August 21, 2018, another prison strike, sponsored by Jailhouse Lawyers Speak and the Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee, took place in 17 states from coast to coast to protest what inmates regard as unfair treatment by the criminal justice system. In particular, inmates objected to being excluded from the 13th amendment which forces them to work for pennies a day, a condition they assert is tantamount to "modern-day slavery". The strike was the result of a call to action after a deadly riot occurred at Lee Correctional Institution in April of that year, which was sparked by neglect and inhumane living conditions.
Legalities.
At the national level, declares "encouraging others to refuse to work, or to participate in a work stoppage" to be a "High Severity Level Prohibited Act" and authorizes solitary confinement for periods of up to a year for each violation.
The California Code of Regulations (CCR) states that "[p]articipation in a strike or work stoppage", "[r]efusal to perform work or participate in a program as ordered or assigned", and "[r]ecurring failure to meet work or program expectations within the inmate's abilities when lesser disciplinary methods failed to correct the misconduct" is "serious misconduct" under §3315(a)(3)(L), leading to gang affiliation under CCR §3000.

</doc>
<doc id="7024310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024310" title="Monstrous Like Muir">
Monstrous Like Muir



</doc>
<doc id="7024311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024311" title="The Three Daughters of King O'Hara">
The Three Daughters of King O'Hara

The Three Daughters of King O'Hara is an Irish fairy tale collected by Jeremiah Curtin in "Myths and Folk-lore of Ireland". Reidar Th. Christiansen identified its origin as County Kerry.
The tale is related to the international cycle of the "Animal as Bridegroom" or "The Search of the Lost Husband".
Synopsis.
A king had three daughters. One day, when he was away, his oldest daughter wished to marry. She got his cloak of darkness, and wished for the handsomest man in the world. He arrived in a golden coach with four horses to take her away. Her second sister wished for the next best man, and he arrived in a golden coach with four horses to take her away. Then the youngest wished for the best white dog, and it arrived in a golden coach with four horses to take her away. The king returned and was enraged when his servants told him of the dog.
The oldest two were asked by their husbands how they wanted them during the day: as they are during the day, or as they are at night. Both want them as they are during the day. Their husbands both are men during the day but seals at night. The youngest was also asked and answered the same, so her husband was a dog by day and a handsome man by night.
She gave birth to a son. Her husband went hunting and warned her not to weep if anything happened to the child. A gray crow took the baby when he was a week old, and she did not weep. It happened again, with a second son, but with their third child, a daughter, she dropped one tear, which she caught in a handkerchief. Her husband was very angry.
Soon after, the king invited his three daughters and their husbands to his home. Late at night, the queen went to look in their bedrooms, and saw that her two oldest had seals in their beds, but her youngest had a man. She found and burned the dog's skin. The husband jumped up, angry, and said that if he had been able to stay three nights under her father's roof he could have been a man both day and night, but now he had to leave her.
He set out, but she chased after him, never letting him out of sight. They came to a house, and he sent her to spend the night inside. A little boy there called her mother, and a woman there gave her scissors that would turn rags into cloth of gold. The next day, she chased after her husband again, and they came to another house, where another little boy called her mother, and a woman gave her a comb that would turn a diseased head healthy, and give it gold hair. The third day, she still chased after her husband, and the third house held a one-eyed little girl. The woman realized what weeping had done. She took her handkerchief where she had caught her tear, and put the eye back. The woman gave her a whistle that would summon all the birds of the world.
They went on, but he explained that the Queen of Tír na nÓg had cursed him, and now he must go and marry her. She followed him into the lower kingdom and stayed with a washerwoman, helping her. She saw a henwife's daughter, all in rags, and snipped her rags with the scissors, so she wore cloth of gold. Her mother told the queen, who demanded them. The princess asked for a night with her husband in return, and the queen agreed but drugged her husband. The next day, the princess cured another daughter of the henwife with the comb, and the same exchange was made for it.
The princess blew the whistle and consulted the birds. They told her that only her husband could kill the queen, because a holly-tree, before the castle, held a wether, the wether held a duck, the duck held an egg, and the egg held her heart and life, and only her husband could cut the holly tree. Then she blew the whistle again, attracting a hawk and a fox and caught them. She traded the whistle for a third night, but left a letter with his servants, telling him all.
Her husband read the letter and met her by the tree. He cut it down. The wether escaped, but the fox caught it; the duck escaped, but the falcon caught it, and the egg was crushed, killing the queen.
The princess and her husband live happily in Tír na nÓg.
Analysis.
Tale type.
In the late 19th century, Alfred Nutt described the story as a "Beauty and the Beast tale", another type of the ATU index related to the animal bridegroom tales. Similarly, in the early 20th century, Norwegian folklorist Reidar Thoralf Christiansen classified the tale as belonging to type 425, "The Search for the Lost Husband", of the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index.
More specifically, the tale is classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as type ATU 425A, "The Animal as Bridegroom". in this tale type, the heroine is a human maiden who marries a prince that is cursed to become an animal of some sort. She betrays his trust and he disappears, prompting a quest for him. For example, the hero of the tale was said to be transformed into a white dog by the "druidecht" of the Queen of Tir-na-Nog.
The tale also contains type ATU 302, "The Ogre's (Devil's) Heart in the Egg", a set of stories where the villain hides its heart or soul in an external place and can only be defeated if the heroes destroy its external location.
Motifs.
According to Hans-Jörg Uther, the main feature of tale type ATU 425A is "bribing the false bride for three nights with the husband". In fact, when he developed his revision of Aarne-Thompson's system, Uther remarked that an "essential" trait of the tale type ATU 425A was the "wife's quest and gifts" and "nights bought".
According to 's study on some 1,100 variants of Cupid and Psyche and related types, the motif of the "wishing chair" appears in Celtic, Irish and British variants. In the same study, he concluded that the dog as the animal husband appears "confined to the Germanic and Celtic areas".
The motif of the separation of the heroine from her children is located by scholarship across Celtic and Germanic speaking areas.
Variants.
Europe.
Ireland.
In a variant from County Mayo, collected from a sixty-year-old woman named Una Canavan with the title "The Hill of Needles", a widowed nobleman has three daughters. One day, he forgets to lock up a certain door of his house, and his eldest daughter enters it. She talks to the chair that she wants to marry an officer. She tells her middle sister, who wishes to the chair for a husband. The third also wishes to the chair, which says a white fawn shall marry her. The promised husbands appear to the ladies, including the white fawn. The lady learns the fawn is a man, who asks her which form she prefers; she answers that he should be a man at night and a fawn by day. She wants to visit her family, but her husband warns her that if she sheds a tear, a coach will not return for her to bring her home to the fawn husband. She goes to her father's house and gives birth to a son, who is taken from her. The next year, she gives birth to a daughter, who is also taken from her. She sheds a tear and the coach does not come. The lady returns to the husband's home on foot and finds only a field of nettles. She sees another coach with her husband inside and follows it; along the road, three houses that she visits, each housing one of her husband's sisters and one of her children. Her sisters-in-law give her scissors, a tablecloth and a comb. Her husband bids her goodbye, since his coach will traverse the Hill of Big Needles and the Hill of Little Needles, reachable only by iron shoes. She throws some blood on her husband's shirt as he departs, and looks for a blacksmith to create on the iron shoes. She reaches the other side, finds a woman crying about the man's shirt with blood and washes it. The lady buys three nights with her husband from the new wife and learns from him that his new wife can inly be killed by finding an egg inside a duck, inside a ram, inside a well, and throw it at her mole.
Author Éilís Ní Dhuibhne used an Irish variant, archived as a manuscript in the Department of Irish Folklore, as a framing device of her book "The Inland Ice". In this tale, a farmer's daughter is friends with a white goat, and she eventually falls in love with him. One day, the goat vanishes, and the girl goes after him, guided by an old woman. She finds the goat, who asks her if she prefers him as a goat or human during the day. He becomes a man at night, and the set a up a house to live together, with her bearing three sons in the following years. However, after each baby is born, the white goat warns her not to shed a tear over anything that happens to their children, otherwise she will lose him forever. As the white goat predicted, the babies disappear from her bed, and she sheds no tears the first two times. However, the third time, she sheds a tear for the loss of her child, and the white goat leaves her. The girl chooses to follow after him. After a long journey, the goat finds a dockleaf to rest under and sees that his wife is following him. Despite his words of disencouragement, the girl chooses to keep following him. Thus, everytime the white goat stops to rest, he bids his wife finds shelter in a nearby house, by saying she is friends with the white goat. In each house, a woman gives her shelter for the night, food and drink, and a gift: a comb that gilds her hair in the first house, a pair of magical scissors in the second, and a magical tablecloth in the third one. In the third house she also finds her three sons under the care of the third woman. After passing by the three houses, she continues on her trail behind the white goat, who reaches the top of a cliff and the ground swallows him. The girl despairs at losing him, but an old man appears and gives her a spade to dig up a hole in the ground: she finds a slab of stone and a set of stairs leading further underground. The girl climbs down the stairs and reaches another land, where she takes shelter with an old couple who listens to her story. The couple then reveals a woman names Scabby Crow lives in a castle beyond, she has three daughters (the women who gifted her the comb, scissors and tablecloth) and a son (the white goat). Some time later, the girl meets the Scabby Crow, who says a witch cursed her, and shows some interest in the fine items the girl has. The white goat's wife then makes a barter with Scabby Crow: first the scissors, then the comb for one night with her son, the human white goat. Scabby Cow talks with the witch to allow for a night visit, and she takes each item with her. The girl goes to visit her husband in human form, but as soon as he sits on the bed he falls as asleep - a trick of the witch. The girl manages to talk to her husband on the second night, who asks her to find a way to convince the witch to lift her spell. Lastly, the girl trades the tablecloth with the witch, with agrees to lift the curse over the white goat and the Scabby Crow, and brings the girl's three children to her presence. After the curse is lifted, the former white goat wishes to live with his wife, but the girl declines and wishes to have a simple life with her parents, and takes her children with her to their house.
Wales.
Scottish folklorist John Francis Campbell claimed that an oral version told in 1812 to a man named John Dewar by a servant woman, was a version of a "popular tale" written in Wales "about 400 years ago". In this tale, titled "an t urisgeal aig na righre Righ na thuirabhinn agus righ nan Ailp", the King of Ailp and his kingdom were killed by the druids, leaving only a son and a daughter. His daughter was trained by the druids and gained skin green as moss. The son climbs a mountain name Bean ghloine with his father's sword and scepter. Another druid curses him into animal form (a greyhound). He abandons the items on the mountain and flees to his sister. The prince, then, must remain as a greyhound until a maiden agrees to marry him, and his sister nurses three children and receives a kiss from a king's son. Some time later, the King of the Urbhin, while at war with another king, loses his way into a thick mist and ends up at the greyhound's castle. He kicks up the former king's bones and the greyhound, for this affront, demands the king of Urbhin surrenders one of his daughters as ransom. The king surrenders his daughter and she marries the greyhound. The princess lives with the greyhound and discovers he is a human prince. They marry, and her sisters become jealous. The princess's brother also falls in love with the greyhound's sister, the green girl, after drinking a potion of "mheadair Bhuidh" (yellow mead) from her hand. The princess's sisters conspire with a druid to dethrone her sister and become the greyhound's queen: when the time comes to give birth, for three times the princess's child is taken from her by a green hand in a window, but each child cries and the mother takes the teardrops. The greyhound, now a human prince, announces he will marry the one who can retrieve his father's sword and scepter from the glass mountain. The princess accomplishes it, but her sisters take the credit. Next, they must wash the bloodstained shirts that belonged to those slain by the druids. The princess also washes all but one, and stays three nights on the (now human) greyhound's bed. On the first two nights, he is asleep, but acknowledges his wife on the third night, and they return to the former kingdom of Ailp with the green girl (his sister). The tale continues as the "wicked druid" Dubhmalurraidh changes one of the princess's sisters into her shape, to cast the king into confusion. However, the green sister produces her father's sword and scepter (retrieved by her sister-in-law) and her three nephews.
Iceland.
Adeline Ritterhaus summarized another Icelandic variant she named "Der zum Riesen verzauberte Königssohn" ("The King's Son changed into a Giant"). In this tale, a royal couple has three daughters. One day, the king gets lost in a thick mist, until a giant appears with a proposition: he will save the king's life, in exchange for the king's third daughter. After three times, the king concedes and agrees. He returns home and explains the story to his daughters. The youngest daughter marries the giant. The princess gives birth to three children, two boys and a girl, which are taken from her by a giantess and a red-brown she-dog. At the end of the tale, the giant is disenchanted into his true form, Prince Sigurdur, who reveals that the giantess was his mother and the she-dog his sister, now both restored to their original forms.
Americas.
United States.
In a variant from Letcher County, Kentucky collected by Marie Campbell with the title "The Girl That Married a Flop-Eared Hound", a widowed king walks in the wood and sees a "fine hound-dog with long flop-ears". He asks the dog what it is doing there and the dog, to the king's surprise, answers that it wants to marry one of the king's daughters. Only the youngest daughter accepts the proposal, with the condition that she can visit her famlily whenever she wants. On their wedding day, the sisters use blindfolds to bear the humiliation of having a dog as brother-in-law, but instead a fine young man appears to marry their sister. One day, the princess is pregnant and wishes to give birth under her father's roof. The dog husband agrees, as long as she never reveals her husband's name. On two occasions, she gives birth to her child (the first a boy, the second a girl), who disappears two days after their birth when "fairy music" plays, leaving only wine and cookies on the cradle. The princess's sisters accuse the dog husband, and insist she reveals his name, but she remains steadfast. On the third visit, however, the princess gives birth to her third child and reveals her husband's name, "Sunshine on the Dew". This time, the child disappears, and so does her husband. She then goes on a quest for him, meeting three old women on the journey who give her a pair of scissors, a thimble and a needle. The princess uses the magical objects as bargaining chips to be able to spend a night with her husband, who is to be married to another woman. The tale was also classified as ATU 425A, "The Animal as Bridegroom".

</doc>
<doc id="7024314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024314" title="Astley Brook">
Astley Brook

Astley Brook is a river in Greater Manchester, England.
Rising at the confluence of Dean Brook and Raveden Brook near Halliwell in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, it travels eastward to "Meeting of the Waters", where it meets Eagley Brook to form the River Tonge.

</doc>
<doc id="7024315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024315" title="Pommerac">
Pommerac



</doc>
<doc id="7024317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024317" title="William Fellowes Morgan Sr.">
William Fellowes Morgan Sr.

William Fellowes Morgan Sr. (September 24, 1860 – May 2, 1943) was an American banker, businessman and politician. He served as president of the Brooklyn Bridge Freezing and Cold Storage Company, which he founded, and as secretary and treasurer of the United States Golf Association and president of the National Society for the Prevention of Blindness.
Early life.
Morgan was born in Clifton, Staten Island on September 24, 1860, and was named after his maternal grandfather. He was a son of "eminent banker" David Pierce Morgan (1831–1886) and Caroline (née Fellowes) Morgan (1832–1914). Among his siblings was Clara Hewitt Morgan, David Percy Morgan (treasurer of American Sugar Refining Company, brother-in-law of Herbert Parsons and son-in-law of John Edward Parsons), Alice Morgan (wife of diplomat John Ridgeley Carter and mother of Mildred, Countess of Gosford and Bernard Carter), and Lewis Henry Morgan. His parents moved to Paris in 1879 and lived there until 1883 before returning to the United States and living in Washington, D.C., until his death in 1886.
His paternal grandparents were Amos Morgan and Betsy (née Jennings) Morgan. Through his sister Alice, he was uncle to Mildred, Countess of Gosford, the wife of Archibald Acheson, 5th Earl of Gosford. His maternal grandparents were William Fellowes and Caroline (née Davis) Fellowes, who lived in Louisville, Kentucky, but moved north to Staten Island. His maternal uncle, Cornelius Fellowes, was the second husband of Caroline Suydam Whitney.
After completing preparatory studies at St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, he spent some time in England playing rugby. When he returned to the U.S., he attended Columbia University, where he graduated in 1880, followed four years later from the Columbia School of Mines. While at Columbia, he became friends with future governor of New York and President of the United States Theodore Roosevelt. In the election of 1883, when 24 year old Roosevelt was running for reelection to the New York Assembly, Roosevelt asked Morgan to supervise a polling place at 733 7th Avenue to prevent voter fraud. He called a "doubtful district."
Career.
After graduating from Columbia, he began working for the brokerage firm of Leavitt &amp; Davis, where he remained until 1886 when he formed William Fellowes Morgan &amp; Co., which dissolved two years later.
After leaving the brokerage business, Morgan became a pioneer in the use of refrigeration in warehouses which made him wealthy. In 1887, he founded the Brooklyn Bridge Freezing and Cold Storage Company, located at Arch No. 11 of the Brooklyn Bridge, and served as its president. He was a director of the Merchants Refrigeration Company, the Tri-State Land Company, the Chemical Bank and Trust Company, and the Citizens' Central National Bank of New York. He also served as president of the New York Merchants Association from 1915 to 1922.
For many years, he lived in Short Hills, New Jersey, where he was involved in civic affairs and served as chairman of the Township Committee and as president of the Board of Education. From 1906 to 1908, he served in the lower house of the New Jersey Assembly. In politics, Morgan was a Progressive, which was popularly nicknamed the "Bull Moose Party" per its leader Theodore Roosevelt.
Other work.
From 1905 to 1919, he served as president of the Young Men's Christian Association of New York. He was also a veteran of the Seventh Regiment, N.Y.N.G. He was commissioned a major on the staff of General Ward of the First Brigade in 1884 and, thirteen years later, was with the brigade when it escorted the body of President Ulysses S. Grant to his tomb on Riverside Drive.
Morgan was a trustee of his alma mater, Columbia University, from 1910 to 1916, and a trustee of the American University of Beirut in Beirut, Lebanon, founded in 1866. From 1927 to 1939, he was chairman of the board of trustees of Wells College in Aurora, New York.
Personal life.
On January 22, 1885, he was married to the tennis and golf player Emma Leavitt (1865–1956) at St. Thomas Church in New York. Emma was a daughter of Henry Sheldon Leavitt and Martha Ann (née Young) Leavitt. Together, they were the parents of three children:
Morgan died on May 2, 1943, at 510 Park Avenue, his residence in Manhattan. After a funeral at St. George's Church in Stuyvesant Square, he was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn. His widow died in December 1956.
Affiliations and interests.
An avid golfer and tennis player, Morgan was secretary and treasurer of the United States Golf Association. He was also a president of the Senior United States Golf Association, Father and Son Golf Association and of the Garden City Golf Club. He was also a member of the Baltusrol Golf Club in New Jersey.
He was a member of the Union Club (where he served as governor), the Knickerbocker Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, St. Anthony, City Club, the Jekyll Island Club, the Merchants Club as well as the Society of Colonial Wars and other social organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="7024321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024321" title="The Origin of the World (Ōban Star-Racers episode)">
The Origin of the World (Ōban Star-Racers episode)



</doc>
<doc id="7024323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024323" title="Levithian">
Levithian



</doc>
<doc id="7024324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024324" title="Albion Smith">
Albion Smith

Albion Smith is a California jeweller and silversmith known for ornate functional items, including a piece in the Smithsonian Institution.
Biography.
Smith's work includes a combination of jewelry (rings, bracelets, pendants) and functional objects such as teapots, goblets, flasks, urns and keepsake boxes. He designs, forms and fabricates each of his works by hand. The patterns of ornamentation in his works are frequently cut from silver sheet and soldered to the base plate. The surfaces of his works often feature applied patinas or hammered textures. Many of his works are adorned with semi-precious or precious stones, bone, horn, and even ancient mastodon tusk from glacier-finds in Alaska and Siberia.
In 1995, one of his teapots was purchased by the Oakland Museum Of California, https://museumca.org, (object A95.15) for its permanent collection.
In 1996, another of his teapots was made part of the permanent collection at the Smithsonian Museum of American Art in Washington, DC.
In 2008 Smith began a project to print his Haiku poetry. He designed a type face, cut the 1217 required letters out of sheet copper, mounted them to an aluminum plate and then printed the book using a hand press he designed and built. Renowned book artists, Peter and Donna Thomas later selected Albion's book of Haiku, Only Love, for their exquisite process. They used his original font blocks, made the paper, and hand bound the book. You can find the process here: http://www.baymoon.com/~peteranddonna/2-only.htm
The letters were subsequently digitized and are available as a digital font named AS_Coppercut.
He is married to Elissa Forsyth and lives in Northern California near Santa Cruz. He is now teaching his techniques at Cabrillo College.

</doc>
<doc id="7024341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024341" title="Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill">
Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill

 
The Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill were founded by Sister Aloysia Lowe. In 1870, she and sisters Blanche O'Keefe, Maria Theresa O'Donnell, Maria Kavanaugh and two novices were sent to western Pennsylvania from the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati and began their work, founding and staffing schools. The sisters later expanded their work to include healthcare.
History.
In 1809, Elizabeth Ann Seton established a religious order of women in Emmitsburg, Maryland, based on the rule drawn up by Vincent de Paul for Louise de Marillac's Daughters of Charity. The community expanded as it received requests from bishops in New York, St. Louis, Missouri; Cincinnati, Ohio and elsewhere to send sisters to staff schools, orphanages, and hospitals. When the Emmitsburg community decided to affiliate with the French Daughters of Charity, the Cincinnati sisters decided in 1852 to become an independent congregation. 
In 1869, Bishop Michael Domenec of Pittsburgh appealed to the Cincinnati community of Sisters of Charity for sisters to serve the needs of the growing Catholic population in his diocese. Although the Cincinnati Sisters were unable to take on a new mission, they did agree to prepare novices to then return to Pittsburgh with experienced sisters of the Cincinnati congregation who would stay to establish the new community. Sister Aloysia Lowe, three other Sisters of Charity, and two novices, left Cincinnati and arrived in Altoona, Pennsylvania, on August 20, 1870.
Education.
Under the direction of Mother Aloysia Lowe and her assistant, Sister Anne Regina Ennis, the Altoona convent became an independent foundation of the Sisters of Charity. In quick succession, schools were opened in Blairsville, Johnstown, and the Pittsburgh neighborhoods of East Liberty, Sharpsburg, Lawrenceville, and South Side.
In the summer of 1882, recognizing the need for a larger motherhouse, Mother Aloysia for her growing Congregation and purchased the Jennings Farm in Greensburg where Seton Hill University's main hilltop campus now stands. She named the site, which consisted primarily of farmland, Seton Hill, in honor of Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton, the founder of the Sisters of Charity and the first American-born saint. The property had fallen into neglect over the years but a few usable buildings remained, including the Stokes mansion. Named for previous owner William Axton Stokes, a wealthy lawyer and a major in the Civil War, this grand home had once contained the first private library Andrew Carnegie had ever seen, inspiring the public libraries he established in later years. The mansion still stands on Seton Hill University's campus and was renamed St. Mary Hall.
There, they also established a school for boys and in 1883, St. Joseph's Academy for Girls. Within the next year, Saint Joseph Academy was opened. After creating the Saint Joseph Academy for Girls (which operated until 1947), the Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill founded what came to be known as the Seton Hill Schools (which included the Seton Hill Conservatory of Music and Seton Hill Conservatory of Art) in 1885. In 1914, the Sisters opened the doors to Seton Hill Junior College. Four years later, in 1918, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania approved Seton Hill's charter for a four-year institution of higher learning and Seton Hill College was born. A charter of incorporation was granted to the Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill in 1885, and the sisters broke ground for a motherhouse the following year. It was completed in 1889. Seton Hill's physical campus includes the original 200 hilltop acres in addition to a downtown cultural district campus and a nearby Center for Orthodontics.
Healthcare.
In 1889, the Sisters at Saint John's Convent in Johnstown, who lost their own home in the Johnstown Flood, stayed in the stricken city to provide healthcare to other flood victims. This was the first recorded instance of healthcare ministry by the Sisters in hospitals, as eleven of their number served at the Prospect Hospital, and in the temporary hospital established by the Pennsylvania Railroad.
Charity Hospital (later Pittsburgh Hospital) opened in 1897. In 1905 the Sisters established the Pittsburgh Hospital School of Nursing.
Twenty years after their foundation in the Diocese of Pittsburgh, the Seton Hill Sisters of Charity, with diocesan approval, partnered with Mrs. Charles Donnelly, wife of a prominent businessman, to initiate a foundling home. On July 16, 1891, the Sisters of Charity took possession of a small house at 3935 Forbes Street. Within a month, eighteen infants arrived and the sisters realized more space was required. They procured, with the assistance of Mr. Donnelly, the old Ursuline Academy building at the corner of Cliff and Manilla Streets in the Hill District. Named Roselia in memory of Mrs. (Roselia Rafferty) Donnelly, the institution soon opened a maternity ward for shelter and prenatal care. A fully accredited school of practical nursing opened at Roselia in 1910 to educate women in maternal and child care until its closure in 1953. A new four-story Roselia building, located at 1635 Bedford Avenue, was dedicated on September 9, 1956. From 1891 to 1971 the Sisters of Charity and their partners at Roselia Foundling welcomed women in need.
Ministry.
From Seton Hill, Sisters moved out into the region, then into Arizona, California, Maryland, Louisiana, Ohio, and West Virginia. They established The Roselia Foundling Asylum and Maternity Hospital and Pittsburgh Hospital, and staffed Jeannette District Memorial Hospital and Providence Hospital of Beaver Falls.
Founded in 1908 by the Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh and the Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill, DePaul School for Hearing and Speech has been providing auditory/oral education for children with hearing loss for nearly 100 years. The school was originally known as the Pittsburgh School for the Deaf (and then as DePaul Institute) and was located in the Lappe Mansion on the North Side of Pittsburgh. Because of the school's growing population, the Pittsburgh Diocese purchased property in Mt. Lebanon and built a new facility for educational and residential programs in 1911. The DePaul School for Hearing and Speech programs grew and prospered on that site until the summer of 2002, when DePaul moved to its new location in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh.
In 1941, the Sisters purchased the former West Liberty Public School property in the Brookline section of Pittsburgh and opened the Elizabeth Seton High School to offer education to young women in Allegheny County. When the high school merged with South Hills Catholic High School to form Seton-LaSalle, the sisters established the Seton Center. Seton Center hosts a Senior Center and Adult Day Services facility, a School of Arts, and an after-school program for children from kindergarten to age 12.
The Sisters of Charity became a Pontifical Congregation in 1948 and made perpetual vows for the first time the following year.
In 1960, the Congregation sent Sisters to Mokpo, Korea, to establish the community's first foreign mission. As of 2019, there were 346 sisters serving in schools, hospitals, parishes, social service agencies, and other apostolates in the United States, South Korea, and Ecuador.
The administrative offices and motherhouse of the Congregation moved from the original campus to facilities one mile away, on land adjacent to that of Seton Hill University.

</doc>
<doc id="7024350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024350" title="Cardiomyoplasty">
Cardiomyoplasty

Cardiomyoplasty is a surgical procedure in which healthy muscle from another part of the body is wrapped around the heart to provide support for the failing heart. Most often the latissimus dorsi muscle is used for this purpose. A special pacemaker is implanted to make the skeletal muscle contract. If cardiomyoplasty is successful and increased cardiac output is achieved, it usually acts as a bridging therapy, giving time for damaged myocardium to be treated in other ways, such as remodeling by cellular therapies.
Cellular cardiomyoplasty.
Cellular cardiomyoplasty is a method which augments myocardial function and cardiac output by directly growing new muscle cells in the damaged myocardium (heart muscle). Tissue engineering, which is now being categorized as a form of regenerative medicine, can be defined as biomedical engineering to reconstruct, repair, and improve biological tissues. Research efforts in tissue engineering have been ongoing and it is emerging as one of the key areas of medical research. Furthermore, there are vast developments in tissue engineering, which involve leveraging of technologies from biomaterials, molecular medicine, biochemistry, nanotechnology, genetic and biomedical engineering for regeneration and cell expansion targets to restructure and/or repair human organs. Injection of cardiomyogenic and/or angiogenic stem cells have been proposed as alternatives to existing treatments. For cardiovascular application, skeletal myoblasts are of great interest as they can be easily isolated and are associated with high proliferation rate. These cells have also been demonstrated to be hypoxia-resistant.
Bone marrow contains different cell populations, which exhibit excellent plasticity toward cardiogenic and endothelial cells. These cell populations are endothelial progenitor cells, hematopoietic stem cells and mesenchymal stem cells. Adipose tissue host progenitor cells with reported interesting cardiomyogenic and vasculogenic potential in the sense that they improve heart functions and reduce infarction size in rodent animal models. Subcutaneous adipose tissue is also a source of mesenchymal stem cells and have demonstrated positive outcomes in terms of cardiovascular tissue remodeling. Mammal hearts also host naturally occurring cardiac stem cells which may be capable of differentiating themselves into cardiomyocytes, endothelial cells and cardiac fibroblasts. This self-regeneration capacity gives rise to alternatives to classical cellular therapies whereby administration of growth factors such as Thymosin β4 for cell activation and migration are solely necessary. Largely democratized in terms of population information, embryonic stem cells are known for their strong capacity for expansion and differentiation into cardiomyocytes, endothelial cells and cardiac fibroblasts.
However, if non autologous, immunosuppression therapy is associated with such treatment. Hence, research has been focused on induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from somatic human tissue. Further to cell and necessary relevant growth factor selection, cell delivery is an important issue. Indeed, the intracoronary route is the most straightforward cell delivery route as associated with intramyocardial cellular retention; retention rates are however low, i.e. exceed 10%. Washed off cells reach other organs or die, which can be an issue at the time of prepare ICH module 8. Other alternative injection routes have been studied, namely injection via sternotomy, endomyocardial and intracoronary routes. Nevertheless, all methods aforementioned have been associated with limited cardiac function improvements and limited cell survival once implanted in the fibrous myocardium.
To resume, stem cells and delivery routes aforementioned are suitable for cardiomyoplasty as demonstrated safe with some degree of benefit for the patient. However, cardiac remodelling remains limited due to limited cell residency, impact of mechanical forces onto cell survival and tissue hypoxia. Furthermore, lack of cellular electrochemical coupling can lead to arrhythmias. Another point of consideration concerns the use of embryonic stem cells, whereby indifferentiation yields uncontrolled proliferation and possible consequent formation of teratomas. Also iPSCs have been associated with viral infection and eventual oncogenicity. Cardiac tissue engineering is a new technology based on the use of combinations of cells with regenerative capacity, biological and/or synthetic materials, cell signaling agents to induce the regeneration of an organ or damaged tissue. In an ideal scenario, regenerated tissue would reproduce sophisticated asymmetric helicodoidal architecture of the myocardium with the production of specialized extracellular matrix to stimulate vascularization in the implanted tissue. From a cellular perspective, available techniques are monolayer cell construct onto temperature-sensitive polymer, where their detachment is driven by behavior of the mechanical properties of the synthetic support without the need of any enzymatic digestion such as trypsin. Cardiomyocites sheets have also been successfully implanted with an observed contractile function as a result of inter-cellular communication between the host and graft. However, from a practical point of view, such approach lacks of translational character as all studies share the lack of reproducibility, i.e. a construct of similar characteristics of the native tissue does not guarantee the same results. Another approach resides in the use of hydrogels. Natural hydrogels such as Matrigel, collagen and fibrin have been used as entrapment matrices, wherein the cells to be injected are embedded. However the associated high pressure of injection is associated with a high mortality rate for the cells thereby negatively impacting the benefit ratio of this approach. Furthermore, from a technical point of view, due to the polydispersity of these natural hydrogels, purification is a requisite but very difficult step. Synthetic hydrogels, such as polyethylene glycol, polylactic acid, polylactic acid-co-glycolic acid, polycaprolactone, polyacrylamide and polyurethane have been proposed. Metalloproteinase-sensitive polyethylene is of particular interest. Indeed, this polymer modulates its mechanical and biophysical properties accordingly to enzymatic activities associated with cardiomyogenic differentiation of implanted cells. To date, no hydrogel matrix is FDA-approved for stem cell therapy use despite a large number of biomaterials currently commercially available.
A general comment on hydrogel based technologies:
Natural hydrogel are well tolerated by the host and cells due to their mimicking the natural ECM in terms of backbone and microstructure. However they suffer from batch to batch variation (a drawback for current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs) required for clinical application), high degradation rates, and poor tenability. Synthetic hydrogels are reproducible, tunable and amenable regulatory and manufacturing protocols. Their chemical modification permits the integration of cellular attachment sites and a certain control over degradation rates. Semi-synthetic hydrogels share characteristics of both classes. Indeed, they permit either the modification of the purified natural biopolymers or by coupling the synthetic component with integrin and/or growth factor binding sites.

</doc>
<doc id="7024353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024353" title="LMJ">
LMJ



</doc>
<doc id="7024357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024357" title="Work strike">
Work strike



</doc>
<doc id="7024363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024363" title="Carranque">
Carranque

Carranque is a town in the Toledo province, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It is located in the area of the province bordering the province of Madrid called the "Alta Sagra".
Archeological park.
Carranque contains the site of a Roman villa that is protected as an archeological park by the Castile-La Mancha government. There are three main buildings visible by above-ground remains, the ruins of a Roman mill and a modern interpretation building.
It is located by the River Guadarrama, near a Roman road.
It seems to be near the lost city of Titultiam.
In 1983 a local peasant, Samuel López Iglesias, found a series of mosaic floors while plowing in the fields known as "las Suertes de Abajo".
The buildings date from the late fourth century and are thought to belong to a "Villa of Maternus Cinigius", the uncle of Theodosius I, Roman emperor, born in Hispania, but presently the owner is still unknown. 
The interpretation facility exhibits objects found during the excavations.
Buildings.
Building A: Basilica.
A Theodosian-era building that takes as models the governors' palaces.
The hall was surrounded with 32 monolithic marble columns from the emperor's private quarries in Chios in Greece (known as or chium) and Iscehisar and Afyon in Anatolia (phygium or pavonazzeto marble).
Soon it was converted for use in Christian cult and burials. The Visigothic arrival brought some changes.
It was also used during the Islamic age. The Knights Templar used it as an abbey or monastery.
It appears as the hermitage of "Santa María de Batres" in the "Relaciones de Felipe II" (1576), with most of the area used as a cemetery. It was used as such until the 17th century.
The head of the Roman building, as the hermitage of "Santa María de Abajo" ("Saint Mary of the lower side"), lasted until around 1920 when it was dynamited to serve as construction material for the modern town.
Its decoration shows the power of the patron. There were plates of marble, red porphyry, and green serpentinite, wall painting, "opus sectile" and mosaics with glass and golden-leaf tiles.
Anecdotally, the footprints of a caliga and a dog paw are visible on the mortar.
The floorplan, part of the head (the chapel) and some columns are now visible.
Building B: nympheum.
Only remains of the floorplan were found.
Its location (a little knoll over the river) offers an interpretation as a monumental cistern with a fountain. Its shape reminds of a nymphaeum.
It was built with opus caementicium (stone and mortar) and opus testaceum (brick). Mosaics covered the floor.
Building C: Villa of Maternus.
Remains of the Roman villa were the first found. The villa was built in the Theodosian era over earlier production facilities of an agricultural villa.
The slope was compensated with a terraced construction over around 1,200 m2
It is shaped around a peristylum patio.
The hypocaust under-floor heating and running water hint of the richness of the owner that becomes luxury when admiring the mosaics, assembled by at least three workshops, two of which took the unusual pride of signing their work.
Other rooms are covered with opus signinum (chalk and crushed bricks).
Mosaics.
Sleeping room of Maternus.
The "cubiculum" has a mosaic text in which the worker wishes Maternus prosperity. This Maternus is thought to be Maternus Cinigius, uncle of the emperor Theodosius.
The mosaics depict:
Meeting room.
The oecus, where the owner held meetings and banquets showing off his social status, was ended by a raised exedra. The mosaic depicts the death of Adonis. Two dogs named Leander and Titurus are also represented.
Dining hall.
The hypocaust of the triclinium was complemented by ceramic tubes in the walls that pulled the hot air upwards. The mosaic depicts the gift of the slave Briseis to Achilles as narrated in the "Iliad".
A sloped floor formed a semicircular wall fountain with a mosaic of the god Oceanus, featuring crab antennas and claws and a wavy beard. The water effect was completed by blue-glass windows.

</doc>
<doc id="7024369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024369" title="Sainte Anne Marine National Park">
Sainte Anne Marine National Park

Sainte Anne Marine National Park lies about 5 km from Victoria, the capital city of the Seychelles, and encompasses eight small islands.
History.
The Marine Park was created in 1973 for the preservation of wildlife, the first of its kind in the Indian Ocean. Fishing and water-skiing are forbidden within the Marine Park area. 
in 2005 used as picnic islands for the local population is too expensive and approved opening them to hotels and resorts.
Tourism.
Today the islands are known as one of the prime tourist locations in the Indian Ocean for scuba-diving, glass-bottom boat excursions and snorkeling among the coral reefs. The colorful underwater world attracts tourists from around the world who are watching here the magnificent coral gardens, reef sharks and colorful tropical fish. The main island of Ste Anne is an 87-villa resort while Cerf Island and Round Island have Creole-style restaurants.
It also has one of the largest areas of "seagrass meadows" in the Seychelles. It is very beautiful.
Local tour operators offer day trips to the Marine Park.
Geography.
The national park is made up of the following islands, with areas in km²:
The aggregate land area of the islands of the marine national park is 3.887 km². The total marine national park area is 14.43 km².
Administration.
All islands belong to Mont Fleuri District. 
Because of the small population, there are not any government buildings or services, so people who live on the islands have to go to Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="7024370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024370" title="Timing closure">
Timing closure

Timing closure in VLSI design and electronics engineering is the iterative design process of assuring all electromagnetic signals satisfy the timing requirements of logic gates in a clocked synchronous circuit, such as timing constraints, clock period, relative to the system clock. The goal is to guarantee correct data transfer and reliable operation at the target clock frequency. 
A synchronous circuit is composed of two types of primitive elements: combinatorial logic gates (codice_1, codice_2, codice_3, codice_4, codice_5, codice_6 etc.), which process logic functions without memory, and sequential elements (flip-flops, latches, registers), which can store data and are triggered by clock signals. Through timing closure, the circuit can be adjusted through layout improvement and netlist restructuring to reduce path delays and make sure the signals of logic gates function before the required timing of clock signal. 
As integrated circuit (IC) designs become increasingly complicated, with billions of transistors and highly interconnected logic. The mission of ensuring all critical timing paths satisfy their constraints has become more difficult. Failed to meet these timing requirements can cause functional faults, unpredictable consequence, or system-level failures. 
For this reason, timing closure is not a simple final validation step, but rather an iterative and comprehensive optimization process. It involves continuous improvement of both the logical structure of the design and its physical implementation, such as adjusting gate's logical structure and refining placement and routing, in order to reliably meet all timing constraints across the entire chip.
Overview.
In simple cases, the user can compute the path delay between elements manually. If the design is more than a dozen or so elements this is impractical. For example, the time delay along a path from the output of a D flip-flop, through combinatorial logic gates, then into the next D flip-flop input must satisfy (be less than) the time period between synchronizing clock pulses to the two flip flops. When the delay through the elements is greater than the clock period, the circuit will not function. Therefore, modifying the circuit to remove the timing failure (and eliminate the critical path) is an important part of the logic design engineer's task. Critical path refers to the longest path (in terms of delay) between two sequential elements in a design. It also defines the maximum delay in all the multiple register-to-register paths, and it must not be greater than the clock cycle time.
Timing constraints.
In the process of IC design, the IC layout should satisfy geometric constraints and timing constraints. Geometric constraints refer to physical design regulations and rules imposed by the assembly process, such as correct cell alignment and minimum wire spacing. Timing constraints refer to the timing requirements that all signal paths should satisfy. Usually, before the output of the signal from flip-flop at the clock edge, the signal should also remain stable in the element for a period, which is called setup time. After the electromagnetic signal reaches the next flip-flop at the clock edge, the signal should remain stable in the storage element for some time, which is called hold time. The timing constraints have two types:
Setup constraints (long-path constraints):
These constraints specify the time length before the clock edge of flip-flop where the data input signal should stay steady, so that the data has enough time to propagate through a logic path and reach the next flip-flop before the next clock edge. If the path delay is too long, it may violate setup time constraints and cause problematic data to be latched.
Hold constraints (short-path constraints):
These constraints specify the time length after the clock edge of flip-flop where the data input signal should stay stable. Violating a hold constraint can result in metastability or unwanted behaviors.
Hold time constraint: formula_1
Setup time constraint: formula_2
Where:
Timing closure iterative process.
Timing closure is a vital step that ensures that all signals achieve their destinations in the required time, and then the circuit works reliably. Designers start with the register-transfer level (RTL) abstraction and Verilog or VHDL code that describes the circuit. This is turned into a netlist, which is a collection of logic gates and connections, and used to configure the FPGA hardware.
Because FPGAs have flexible logic and wiring, signal delays can vary. If signals arrive too late, the design may fail timing. The timing constraints designers begin to define accurate and realistic timing constraints that reflect the system's performance goals in the SDC (synopsys design constraint) format. These constraints may include clock period, input/output delays, multi-cycle paths, and setup/hold requirements. It's critical to analyze whether they are achievable, based on the logic architecture and path delays within the design. These constraints guide all downstream timing analysis and optimization processes.
Problems in timing closure and static timing analysis.
There are three main delays in the clocked synchronous circuit that are primarily considered: 
Gate delays is the length of time it takes for a change in a gate's input to propagate to the output. It's often calculated as the time between a change at the input and the resulting change at the output.
Wire delays is also known as interconnect delay, meaning the time that takes for a data signal to propagate through metal wires (interconnect) between circuit element in a synchronous circuit. The delay is mostly caused by the resistance and capacitance of the wire.
Clock skew is the difference in arrival time of the same sourced clock signal at different parts of a synchronous circuit. When the clock signal propagates from its source, such as oscillator or clock generator, through many different paths in the circuit, the signal experience propagation delay, which caused the clock skew. In the graph below, the clock skew between points i and j is on a chip: formula_8 While position i and j can vary. The diagram illustrates the concept of clock skew, which refers to the difference in clock arrival times at different flip-flops on a chip. Ideally, all clock signals should reach their destinations simultaneously; however, due to variations in routing, load, and physical placement, this is rarely achieved.
After logic synthesis and constraints analysis, the design undergoes static timing analysis (STA), which is a fundamental, iterative process in validating whether the circuit meets its defined timing constraints in FGPA. (In STA, assume the clock skew is negligible, and postpone it to clock tree synthesis) STA tools(such as Cadence Tempus, Synopsys, PrimeTime, and Intel Timing Analyzer) can evaluate all timing paths in the design without requiring simulation, making them ideal for scalable and exhaustive analysis. In STA, the combinational circuit can represent as directed acyclic graph (DAG) which emphasizes that every node has weight is the same as the wire (gate) delay. 
During this process, the STA engine computes: 
Especially for slack, STA supposes the worst-case scenario where every gate transitions, we can compute the slack for each node. 
formula_9
Where:
RAT is the required arrival time, meaning the latest time can transit in the required timing. While AAT is the actual arrival time, meaning the latest actual transition time. (AAT is defined at the output of every node) The negative slack at any output means the circuit doesn't meet timing, while the positive slack at all output means the circuit meets timing.
Physical design.
Once the STA reports are generated, engineers can utilize timing optimization techniques, or design automation tools, to examine them to identify the critical or failing paths that need attention. They also optimize the physical layout by adjusting placement and routing. This loop repeats until all timing constraints are met.
Through logic synthesis and initial timing optimization, the physical layout of the chip should be mapped. Through placement, clock tree synthesis, and routing of these key steps, the physical designs are altered so that the timing behaviors can change significantly, and therefore reduce the path delays and enhance the timing in circuit.
1. Placement.
The EDA tool assigns physical locations to each standard cell (logic gates, flip-flops, etc.) and wire on the silicon circuit board. It can reduce path delays by placing interconnected cells close to each other.
2. Clock tree synthesis (CTS).
A balanced clock distribution network is built to deliver the clock signal to all sequential elements (flip-flops) evenly and synchronously. The CTS can minimize clock skew (difference in arrival time of the clock signal at different points) and can precisely control the clock latency (enhance the delivery time of clock signal to all sequential elements), while satisfying the maximum transition and maximum capacitance to ensure the clock network meet design constraints. The clock skew usually affects hold time and setup time, and the clock skew is usually composed of local clock skew and global clock skew. 
Commonly there are three types of CTS:
2.1.Single point CTS
A single point clock tree starts off from a single clock source and delivers the clock signal to all sequential elements in a tree structure. This method is easy to implement and is appropriate for low-frequency or multi-clock designs. Nevertheless, it will be unsuitable for high-frequency or large-scale designs because path asymmetry can lead to larger clock skew.
2.2.Clock mesh
A clock mesh dispatches the clock signal through a grid-like structure, providing enhanced clock balance and lesser skew, which is good for high-frequency designs. However, constructing a clock mesh means higher power and area overhead, and the design complexity will be increased.
2.3.Multi-source CTS
A Multi-source clock tree integrates the advantages of single-point trees and clock meshes. The design is partitioned into multiple components, each with its own local clock source. This clock tree achieves low skew while reducing power and area consumption, making it well-suited for large-scale designs.
3. Routing.
After placement, the design automation tool creates wires to physically connect cells. The real routing introduces actual parasitic Resistance-Capacitance effects, which can reduce signal delay. Besides, final routing enables more precise timing analysis because the wire lengths and congestion are given.
Timing optimization techniques.
One common way to improve the circuit performance is to use timing optimization techniques, such as inserting a register in between the combinational path of the critical path. This might improve the performance but increases the total latency (maximum number of registers from input to output path) of the circuit.
The actual timing optimization techniques usually include physical synthesis, which can eliminate negative slack by using a set of timing optimizations. The physical synthesis includes creating timing budgets and implementing timing corrections. Usually, the timing budgets contain allocating target delays along paths or nets during placement, routing stages, and timing correction operations. The timing corrections include:
Gate sizing:
Gate sizing involves replacing logic gates with equivalent versions of different drive strengths. Larger gates can drive larger loads faster, reducing delays in critical paths. This technique balances speed against area and power.
There are 3 logic gates that have 3 sizes where formula_10. The gates with larger sizes have smaller output resistance. Then formula_11. According to the RC delay formula, formula_12. 
t represents propagation delay, formula_13 represents output resistance, and formula_14 represents load capacitances
Therefore when load capacitances are large, larger logic gates can easily drive larger load capacitances: formula_15.
When load capacitances are small, smaller logic gates can easily drive smaller load capacitances: formula_16.
Buffer insertion:
Used to break long wires and reduce RC (resistance-capacitance) delays, especially in high fan-out or physically distant connections. Buffers can also help in adjusting path timing to fix hold violations. The buffer is a series of two serially connected inverters, where each inverter is composed of a triangle and a circle in a graph. The triangle in the graph means a logic gate, and the circle behind means logic inversion. 
Improvements:
1: Speeding up the circuit or serving as delay elements
Buffers can reduce path delay by easily driving signals through long wires and on large load capacitances. In critical paths, inserting a buffer helps reduce resistance and improve signal propagation. Alternatively, buffers can also be intentionally placed to introduce a fixed delay for timing alignment.
2. Changing transition times.
A signal with a slow rise/fall time can cause unreliable switching and timing violations. Buffers sharpen the signal edges, improving the slope of the transitions and resulting in more stable digital behavior. This helps prevent glitches, short-circuit current, and false logic triggering.
3. Shielding capacitive load.
If a logic gate drives many other gates or long wires, the total load capacitances become large. This large load slows down the gate’s output response. Inserting a buffer between the gate and its heavy load offloads the burden, allowing the original gate to drive only the buffer and not the full load directly.
However, the drawbacks may include increased area usage and increased power consumption.
Netlist restructuring:
Netlist restructuring refers to the process of modifying the structure of an existing gate-level circuit without changing its logical functionality. It focuses on optimizing timing, area, or power by reorganizing or transforming how existing gates are connected or represented. The transformations include:
Cloning: Duplicating gates to reduce load capacitances or balance load across multiple paths.
Redesigning the input/output tree: Changing how signals are distributed or received to improve timing or reduce congestion.
Swapping commutative pins: Reordering inputs of commutative gates (like AND, OR) to optimize critical paths and change connections.
Gate decomposition: Breaking complex gates into simpler forms, such as converting AND-OR logic into NAND-NAND logic by using CMOS inverters to simplify the logic gates and reduce path delay.
Boolean restructuring: Applying Boolean algebra rules to simplify or re-express logic equations, often minimizes path delay or leads to smaller implementations.
Reverse transformations are also possible.
Operations such as gate downsizing, merging, or simplifying previously expanded logic structures can also be performed if it benefits overall design metrics (e.g., area or power).
These techniques are often applied automatically by physical synthesis and place-and-route tools (such as Synopsys IC compiler, Cadence Innovus, or Intel Quartus), but can also be manually guided by designers through constraints and optimization directives.
Design flow.
Utilize STA in iterative verification and validation:
After the routing steps are completed, the physical details of the design including wire lengths, capacitances, and resistance will be examined and determined. Conduct thorough functional verification and validation of the design such as STA to guarantee the integrity of function of timing optimizations, help to identify the timing violations and delay, and verify the effectiveness of the recent timing closure and optimization. Also, the designers can use simulation, verification, and hardware testing to validate the design's functionality and performance. If the circuit fails to meet the timing then the whole circuit will be placed at the STA process from the start iteratively.
Post-implementation timing analysis: 
When the design is completed on the FPGA, post-implementation timing analysis validates that all timing goals are met. This analysis acts as a final examination of timing closure confirms the successful timing closure process and accounts for any implementation-specific factors.
Tools and techniques recommended in timing closure.
Many times logic circuit changes, such as timing optimization techniques, are automatically handled by the user's EDA tools guided by timing constraint directives prepared by a designer. The term timing closure is also used for the goal that is achieved: when such a design has reached the end of the flow and its timing requirements are satisfied.
With present technologies all of them need to be timing-aware for a design to meet its timing requirements properly, but with technologies in the range of the micrometer only logic synthesis EDA tools had such a prerequisite.
Even though timing awareness was extended to all these steps starting from well-established principles used for logic synthesis, the logic phase and the physical phase of the timing closure process are still handled by different design teams and different EDA tools. Design Compiler by Synopsys, Encounter RTL Compiler by Cadence Design Systems, and BlastCreate by Magma Design Automation are examples of logic synthesis tools. IC Compiler by Synopsys, SoC Encounter by Cadence Design Systems, and Blast Fusion by Magma Design Automation are examples of tools capable of timing-aware placement, clock tree synthesis, and routing and therefore used for physical timing closure.
When the user requires the circuit to meet exceptionally difficult timing constraints, it may be necessary to utilize machine learning programs, such as InTime by Plunify, to find an optimum set of FPGA synthesis, map, place and route tool configuration parameters that ensures the circuit will close timing. A timing requirement needs to be translated into a static timing constraint for an EDA tool to be able to handle it.
Recently, the timing closure process has gradually integrated logic synthesis and physical implementation under unified platforms to process optimization. Tools such as Fusion Compiler by Synopsys and the Genus-Innovus flow by Cadence offer end-to-end solutions combining logic synthesis, placement, clock tree synthesis, and routing within a single environment. Additionally, open-source toolchains like OpenROAD and OpenSTA have gained traction in academia and startup prototyping for their ability to support timing-aware design closure workflows. These modern tools are designed to encounter the growing complexity of nanometer-scale circuits by automating trade-offs between performance, area, and power (PPA), and enabling earlier detection and resolution of timing violations in the RTL-to-GDSII design flow.

</doc>
<doc id="7024375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024375" title="List of Tillinghast Courses">
List of Tillinghast Courses



</doc>
<doc id="7024378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024378" title="Dean Brook">
Dean Brook

Dean Brook is a river in Smithills, Bolton, Greater Manchester, historically within Lancashire.
Dean Brook rises on Smithills Moor and flows in a south-easterly direction, through a deep valley called High Shores Clough. It collects Dakin's Brook at Barrow Bridge and then runs through Smithills before meeting Raveden Brook to form Astley Brook, which subsequently joins Eagley Brook and forms the River Tonge.
The Dean Brook in Smithills, Bolton, should not be confused with a different Dean Brook, which rises on the north-facing slopes of Rivington Moor, flows in a westerly direction just north of Rivington, Lancashire, and empties into Upper Rivington Reservoir. It should also not be confused with Deane Church Brook, also known as the Kirk Brook, which flows through Deane Church Clough in the west of Bolton.

</doc>
<doc id="7024380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024380" title="Glu3d">
Glu3d

Glu3D is a plugin that simulates fluid effects inside the 3dsmax and Maya3D modelling programs.
Simulation.
Glu3d uses SPH, or Smoothed particle hydrodynamics to solve fluid simulations. 
Adjustments can be made to the collision geometry by modifying the Friction, Adherence, Bounce and Collision GAP values to each object.
PWrapper.
PWrapper is a polygonal mesh surface generator that works in conjunction with glu3D particles to generate a mesh surrounding the particles in realtime. This helps to give a liquid behavior to any particle set with no need to wait for inter-particle interaction calculation times.
Wetmaps.
Glu3d is also able to generate image sequences called Wetmaps that simulate the wet surface of an object.
Wetmaps, if enabled, are generated in a per-object basis, which means that every object has its own wetmap sequence, that is created based on the objects UV Mapping

</doc>
<doc id="7024382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024382" title="Toledo province">
Toledo province



</doc>
<doc id="7024385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024385" title="Megajoule laser">
Megajoule laser



</doc>
<doc id="7024393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024393" title="2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup (Caribbean Qualification)">
2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup (Caribbean Qualification)



</doc>
<doc id="7024394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024394" title="Pterocarpus angolensis">
Pterocarpus angolensis

Pterocarpus angolensis (African teak, wild teak, , , , , , , , Ndebele: Umvangazi, , ) is a species of "Pterocarpus" native to southern Africa, in Angola, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, Tanzania, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zimbabwe, and Zambia. It is a protected tree in South Africa. The name Kiaat, although Afrikaans, is sometimes used outside South Africa as well. In Zimbabwe, depending on what region you are in, it is known as Mukwa( which it is also called in Zambia) or Mubvamaropa.
Description.
It is a deciduous tree usually growing to 16 m tall, with dark brown bark and a high, wide-crowned canopy of shiny compound leaves. In favoured wetter locations the trees are typically about 18–19 m tall. The leaves appear at the time of the flowers or shortly afterwards. They are alternate, deep green, imparipinnate, with 11-19 subopposite to alternate leaflets, the leaflets 2.5–7 cm long and 2–4.5 cm broad. It produces an abundance of scented, orange-yellow flowers in panicles 10–20 cm long; flowering is in the spring. In southern Africa, this is usually just at the end of the dry season, often about mid-October. The pod is 2–3 cm diameter, surrounded by a circular wing 8–12 cm diameter, reminiscent of a brown fried egg, and containing a single seed. This brown papery and spiky seed pod stays on long after the leaves have fallen. In poorly drained locations, the tree can still grow but it becomes more open in shape with leaves on the end of long branches - a 'stag-headed' appearance. It is referred to as a blood wood tree: when it is cut, it appears to bleed because of dark red sap.
Ecology.
"Pterocarpus angolensis" grows in southern and eastern Africa over a wide range of localities where there is a dry season contrasting with a wet season. It grows best where it is warm and free of frost. The soil type must be deep sandy soil or well drained rocky slopes where the rainfall is above 500 mm per year. It grows well in areas of open woodland such as the Mashonaland plateau in Zimbabwe and northern Kwazulu-Natal region of South Africa, where it assumes a broad crown with heavy branches, and is a pioneer species on woodland and forest margins. The best specimens grow in the seasonal closed woodland of central Mozambique and parts of Malawi, where they sometimes form pure stands.
"Pterocarpus angolensis" is fed upon by many animals that include the charaxes butterfly in larval state, squirrels, baboons and monkeys that feed on the seed pods, which have a diameter of about 12 cm. The elephant has been known to destroy "P. angolensis" by pushing it over.
Uses.
There are several uses for the wood of "P. angolensis". The brown heartwood is resistant to borer and termite, is durable and has a pleasing spicy fragrance. The wood polishes well and is well known in tropical Africa as Mukwa when used to make good quality furniture that has an attractive light brownish-yellow colour. It can also be used for curios, and implements. Since the wood does not swell or shrink much it is great for canoe building. Furniture and curios are often made from the reddish sapwood. The colour of the sapwood is a result of the remarkable, dark red sap of the plant; an alternative name of Bloodwood rises from this. This wood also produces a rich, resonant sound and can be made into many different musical instruments. In Zimbabwe, the mbira is traditionally made from mukwa.
Methanolic extracts of the bark have been reported to have molluscicidal activity against some freshwater snails. The resemblance of the sap to blood has led to the belief in supposed magical healing powers concerning the blood. Because of all these reasons and that it is also fire resistant, "P. angolensis" is sometimes planted around the chief's enclosure to make a living fence.
Cultural Importance.
In places like Ota in Ogun State and Okrika in Rivers State in Nigeria, these trees are considered sacred and are believed to have spiritual or supernatural powers.

</doc>
<doc id="7024399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024399" title="Brunoniaceae">
Brunoniaceae



</doc>
<doc id="7024404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024404" title="Frequency conversion">
Frequency conversion

Frequency conversion may refer to different processes affecting frequency of physical phenomena:

</doc>
<doc id="7024409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024409" title="South African 2nd Division">
South African 2nd Division



</doc>
<doc id="7024411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024411" title="Bad sector">
Bad sector

A bad sector in computing is a disk sector on a disk storage unit that is unreadable. Upon taking damage, all information stored on that sector is lost. When a bad sector is found and marked, the operating system like Windows or Linux will skip it in the future. Bad sectors are a threat to information security in the sense of data remanence.
Details.
Bad sectors can be "soft" (logical) or "hard" (hardware, physical), depending on what is making the sector inaccessible. In case of power loss, bit rot (more likely on floppy disks), or firmware issues, the on-disk format can be corrupt beyond what the error correcting code can fix. This is a "soft" bad sector: writing over the corruption would succeed.
On the other hand, sectors broken physically cannot be restored: writing would fail, forcing a remap. A new drive may start with some innocuous bad sectors due to manufacturing flaws. Larger patches occur throughout use, due to head crash, wear-and-tear, physical shock, or dust intrusion.
On solid-state drives, flash wear or flash controller error may also cause bad sectors.
Handling.
Operating system.
Bad sectors may be detected by the operating system or the disk controller. Most file systems contain provisions for sectors to be marked as bad, so that the operating system avoids them in the future. Disk diagnostic utilities, such as CHKDSK (Microsoft Windows), Disk Utility (on macOS), or badblocks (on Linux) can actively look for bad sectors upon user request.
With the advent of SMART-enabled disk controllers (see below), the burden of avoiding bad sectors more commonly falls to the disk. Some newer file systems such as Btrfs and ZFS do not have a bad-block avoidance feature at all. Software tools that look for bad blocks still have a use case: by issuing writes at detected bad sectors, one can expedite the remapping process, avoiding further attempts at reading the bad sector.
Disk controller.
When a sector is found to be bad or unstable by the firmware of a disk controller, a modern (post-1990) disk controller remaps the logical sector to a different physical sector. Typically, automatic remapping of sectors only happens when a sector is written to – failed reads remain marked "pending". In the normal operation of a hard drive, the detection and remapping of bad sectors should take place in a manner transparent to the rest of the system and in advance before data is lost. There are two types of remapping by disk hardware: P-LIST (mapping during factory production tests) and G-LIST (mapping during consumer usage by disk microcode).
Utilities can read the Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology (SMART) information to tell how many sectors have been reallocated, and how many spare sectors the drive may still have. Because reads and writes from G-list sectors are automatically redirected (remapped) to spare sectors, it slows down drive access even if data in drive is defragmented. Once the G-list is filled up, the storage unit must be replaced.
Compared to ATA, the SCSI command set allows finer-grained management of bad sectors. Users can read the G-LIST, control whether automatic remap is performed, and use a dedicated command to manually remap if needed. The command set also provides a way to perform low-level format with .
Manipulation methods.
The Windows program ATATool can be used to create deliberate "soft" bad sectors by manipulating the sector Error correction code (ECC) data. This can be used to verify bad sector support in disk utilities and forensic tools. For instance, to make sector 10 bad:
 ATATOOL /BADECC:10 \\.\PhysicalDrive1
hdparm has a command that works similarly. For newer drives, it can alternatively use to "flag" a sector as bad: the drive controller would not attempt to read, but fail immediately.
Frequency.
In a 2007 study, CERN observed 1.53 million hard drives from 30 models over 32 months and analyzed the drive read errors returned. They noted that 3.5% of drives developed "latent read error" (i.e. unreadable bad sector), and that a disk with a bad sector is more likely to develop more. Bad sectors cluster spatially (in a 10–MB neighborhood) and temporally. Errors recovered by ECC, which are reported by enterprise drives (using the SCSI command set), also suggest a higher chance of a bad sector in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="7024413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024413" title="Ice seal">
Ice seal

Ice seal, or (in the Southern Hemisphere) pack-ice seal is a general term applied to any one of a number of pinniped species of the family Phocidae whose life cycle is completed largely on or about the sea ice of the Earth's polar regions.
The following are widely considered pagophilic or "ice-loving" species: 

</doc>
<doc id="7024415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024415" title="Russian history, 1892-1920">
Russian history, 1892-1920



</doc>
<doc id="7024420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024420" title="Branch (banking)">
Branch (banking)

A branch, banking center or financial center is a retail location where a bank, credit union, or other financial institution (including a brokerage firm) offers a wide array of face-to-face and automated services to its customers.
History and description.
During the 3rd century banks in Persia (now Iran) and in other territories started to issue letters of credit known as Sakks, basically checks in today’s language, that could be traded in cooperative houses or offices throughout the Persian territories. In the period from 1100-1300 banking started to expand across Europe and banks began opening ‘branches’ in remote, foreign locations to support international trade. In 1327, Avignon which is located in France had 43 branches of Italian banking houses alone.
In the USA, the practice of opening satellite branches was popularized in the early 20th century by Amadeo Giannini, then head of the Bank of America. Historically, branches were housed in imposing buildings, often in a neoclassical style of architecture. Today, branches may also take the form of smaller offices within a larger complex, such as a shopping mall.
Traditionally, the branch was the only place to access a financial institution's services. Services provided by a branch include cash withdrawals and deposits from a demand account with a bank teller, financial advice through a specialist, safe deposit box rentals, bureau de change, insurance sales (where it is allowed by law), etc. In the early 21st century, features such as automated teller machines (ATM), telephone and online banking, allowed customers to bank from remote locations and after business hours. This has caused financial institutions to reduce their branch business hours and merge smaller branches into larger ones. Conversely, they converted some into "mini-branches" with only ATMs for cash withdrawal and depositing; computer terminals for online banking and cheque depositing machines. Some mini-branches may have one or no human staff with only telephone support.
Some financial institutions, in an attempt to show a friendlier image, offer a boutique or coffeehouse-like environment in their branches, with sit-down counters, refreshments, interactive displays, music and play areas for children. Some branches also have drive-through teller windows or ATMs. Other financial institutions reduce their costs and position their offerings by having no branches and are sometimes known as virtuals or direct banks.
Legal restrictions in the United States.
Historically, branch banking in the United States—especially interstate branch banking—was viewed unfavorably by regulatory authorities. This regulatory hostility was codified with the enactment of the McFadden Act of 1927, which specifically prohibited interstate banking. Over the next few decades, some banks attempted to circumvent McFadden's provisions by establishing bank holding companies that operated so-called independent banks in multiple states. To address this, The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 prohibited bank holding companies headquartered in one state from having branches in any other state.
Most interstate banking prohibitions were repealed by the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994. Research has also found that anticompetitive state provisions restricted out-of-state growth when those provisions were more restrictive than the provisions set by the Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act or by neighboring states. Some states have also had restrictive bank branch laws; for example, Illinois outlawed branches (other than the main office) until 1967, and did not allow an unlimited number until 1993. Texas has historically heavily restricted the operations of banks. Although Dallas-area Docutel was an early ATM manufacturer, the state's banks did not purchase them until Texas Attorney General Crawford Martin ruled in August 1971 that ATMs did not violate the Texas Constitution's prohibition on bank branches. In 1980 Article XVI, Section 16, of the constitution was amended to permit banks to have unmanned ATMs in the county of their domicile. The prohibition on bank branches existed until 1986.
Types of branches.
Instore.
These are typically branches located in a retail space such as a grocery, shopping malls or discount store. They may be full-service branches or limited service branches. They generally do not include drive-through teller windows or safe deposit boxes. These branches may have limited staff and typically include technology as a means to deliver banking services such as automated teller machines, videoconferencing, and video banking systems.
Foreign bank branch.
A type of foreign bank that is obligated to follow the regulations of both the home and host countries, operating in the country. regulated by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="7024423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024423" title="South African 3rd Division">
South African 3rd Division



</doc>
<doc id="7024425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024425" title="Unlockable game">
Unlockable game



</doc>
<doc id="7024430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024430" title="Laser types">
Laser types



</doc>
<doc id="7024431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024431" title="South African 1st Division">
South African 1st Division



</doc>
<doc id="7024438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024438" title="San José y Las Animas (shipwreck)">
San José y Las Animas (shipwreck)

The San Jose Y Las Animas is a shipwreck with historical significance near Plantation Key, Florida, United States. It sank in a hurricane in 1733 and is located approximately 4 miles southeast of Plantation Key. On March 18, 1975, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The San Jose y Las Animas was a merchant ship built in England in 1728 for Spain. Being part of the 1733 fleet that consisted of four warships, and eighteen merchant ships. San Jose y Las Animas was a 327-ton merchant ship carrying twenty-six guns and captained by Cristobal Fernando Franco. Leaving the port of Cuba and heading back to Spain, the ship was hit by a hurricane On July 15, 1733, and sinking off the coast of Florida. All crew were accounted for.
Location of the wreck.
San Jose y Las Animas ran aground off Tavenier Key. The San Jose quickly filled with water as the crew was under the haul of the ship seeking shelter from the storm. The crew had abandoned the ship and made their way to shore on rafts. The San Jose sank in twenty-eight-foot waters making it hard for the crew to recover the items on the ship.
The San Jose was detected by treasure hunters in 1968, buried in the sand. The exact location was 24 degrees North 80 degrees 29.334 W. The treasure hunters used a magnetometer to find the 135' long ballast and roughly 40' wide. They Also found twenty-three cannons and two anchors that were scattered around 200' from the site.
Recovery of items.
The registered cargo of San Jose carried 30,435 pesos in silver and bullion, porcelain from China, brazilwood, cocoa, and vanilla. The wreck was found by treasure hunter Tom Gurr and backed by the Smithsonian under Mendel Peterson. They used 8-inch airlifts to bring the wreckage up from the sea. Because San Jose y Las Animas was within three miles of the coast, Florida wanted to enforce a 25 percent finder's fee on the treasure that Tom Gurr and his crew had found. Florida stated that the wreck was a historic site state in the Florida Constitution of 1865. The case went on for years until the court sided with the state. Gurr was ordered to return what he had recovered from the wreck. Tom Gurr stated that he threw back 50,000 to 100,000 dollars' worth of bullion back at the site of the wreck making the state of Florida press charges of grand larceny on Gurr since a percentage of the wreck was theirs. The state eventually found the coins that were still marked as registered by the state and the overseers of the project.
Further resource.
This is a link to a video of a news broadcast showing Gurr throwing the artifacts back into the ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="7024439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024439" title="Military mark time">
Military mark time

Marking time is a military step in which soldiers march in place, moving their legs as in marching, but without stepping forward.
The military drill command is "Mark Time!” to change from standing at attention to 'Marking Time' or to change from marching at 'Quick Time' to 'Marking Time'. The resulting action is to march in the same place, not to move in any direction. Also used during Color Guard maneuvers to make minor adjustments in a single file presentation of the colors. 
The term can also be used to refer to doing a minor job or task while waiting for an opportunity to arise, thus the casual usage in slang as describing motion without progress – not getting anywhere. As with other military jargon it entered civilian use when a large portion of the population had military experience and understood the context.

</doc>
<doc id="7024442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024442" title="Banking centre">
Banking centre



</doc>
<doc id="7024444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024444" title="Banking center">
Banking center



</doc>
<doc id="7024445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024445" title="2006 Hat Yai bombings">
2006 Hat Yai bombings

The 2006 Hat Yai bombings took place in Hat Yai, Songkhla Province, Thailand on 16 September 2006 and are believed to be part of the ongoing South Thailand insurgency. At least five people were killed and 82 were injured. The attacks were similar to the 2005 Songkhla bombings.
Attack.
At around 9:30 p.m., six bombs were detonated in the Ocean Department Store, in front of the Brown Sugar Pub, a car parking building, a Big C shopping mall, the Lee Gardens Hotel and the Diana Department Store. The bombs were planted on motorcycles and were triggered by mobile phone. This later caused Thai authorities to turn off the mobile phone network to prevent any more explosions.
The attacks had marred a day which was supposed to have been dominated by a military peace rally held in the south.
Casualties.
Among those killed were a Malaysian, a Canadian and three Thais. A number of other civilians were injured and taken to the hospital where some officials complained that there was not enough blood for them, as the Xinhua news agency reported. Injured civilians totalled up to 82, including 14 foreigners. Those injured foreigners included six Malaysians, three Singaporeans and Britons, an Indian, and an American.
Suspects.
It is assumed that the South Thailand insurgency carried out the attacks. While no terrorist organisation took responsibility for the bombings, General Thammarak Isarangkura na Ayudhaya indicated that Thai authorities had expected bomb attacks in Hat Yai sometime between 16 and 20 September to mark the first anniversary of the Gerakan Mujahidin Islam Patani (GMIP) separatist movement, which is a splinter group of the Gerakan Mujahidin Patani (GMP).

</doc>
<doc id="7024452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024452" title="Roman sites in Spain">
Roman sites in Spain



</doc>
<doc id="7024462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024462" title="Nasmyth-Telescope">
Nasmyth-Telescope



</doc>
<doc id="7024463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024463" title="Bradshaw Brook">
Bradshaw Brook

Bradshaw Brook is a river draining parts of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in Northern England.
Starting life as Cadshaw Brook draining a valley named Green Lowe Clough on Turton Moor, the brook feeds the Turton and Entwistle Reservoir and Wayoh Reservoir (the latter also fed by Blackstone Brook and Whittlestone Head Brook). From there, the river traverses Turton Bottoms and passes Chapeltown before feeding Jumbles Reservoir (along with Hazelhurst Brook).
Bradshaw Brook then passes Bromley Cross and Bradshaw on its way to meet the River Tonge at Leverhulme Park east of Bolton.
Local nature reserve.
Upper Bradshaw Valley local nature reserve is in the wooded valley of Bradshaw Brook. The woodlands are native broadleaf trees and are separated by meadow areas. At the northern end is a disused quarry ⁬with pond areas. Bolton's arboretum is located at the southern end. The brook, a tributary of the River Croal, flows through the reserve from Jumbles Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="7024465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024465" title="Operation Treadstone">
Operation Treadstone



</doc>
<doc id="7024472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024472" title="1980 Little League World Series">
1980 Little League World Series

The 1980 Little League World Series took place between August 26 and August 30 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Longkuang Little League of Hualien, Taiwan, defeated the Belmont Heights Little League of Tampa, Florida, in the championship game of the 34th Little League World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="7024474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024474" title="Theodosius I, Roman emperor">
Theodosius I, Roman emperor



</doc>
<doc id="7024478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024478" title="Albion smith">
Albion smith



</doc>
<doc id="7024481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024481" title="Long-legged thicketbird">
Long-legged thicketbird

The long-legged thicketbird (Cincloramphus rufus) is a small bird endemic to Fiji. The species is sometimes known as the long-legged warbler. It was formerly classified as the sole representative of the genus "Trichocichla".
The long-legged thicketbird is a large thin warbler (19 cm) with a long tail and long legs. The species' plumage is reddish brown, the throat, breast and belly being white and the face being marked with a distinctive eye-stripe. The long-legged thicketbird is a shy bird and easily overlooked as it forages on the ground in pairs or small family groups. It has a distinctive alarm call, and a variable and loud song somewhat similar to that of the Fiji bush warbler. The species inhabits old-growth forest in mountainous areas on Viti Levu, usually in habitat adjacent to streams.
The long-legged thicketbird was first collected in 1890 and four specimens were collected between then and 1894, after which the species was not seen again until 1974 (though there were a few unconfirmed sightings). In 1974 the Vanua Levu subspecies "Megalurulus rufus cluniei" was discovered (although it has not been seen since). In 2003 scientists from BirdLife International working in Wabu Forest Reserve in Viti Levu discovered a small population of "M. rufus". Twelve pairs, along with two recently fledged chicks, were observed by the team.
Other populations were subsequently found to occur in various locations in old-growth montane forest between 300 and 800 meters AMSL. The population is assessed to be stable or at least not declining rapidly, if very small (between 50 and 249 mature birds) but protection of sufficient habitat is necessary to keep it that way. Threats include some logging and the impact of introduced predators (the small Asian mongoose and the black rat). Neither has been quantified, but they appear not to be very serious at present.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7024488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024488" title="Agustín Tosco">
Agustín Tosco

Agustín "Gringo" Tosco (May 22, 1930 – November 5, 1975) was an Argentine union leader, member of the CGT de los Argentinos and an important participant in the historic local uprising known as the "Cordobazo".
Thought and maturity.
Tosco was born in Coronel Moldes, Córdoba province, Argentina. At 27 years old, he was the general secretary for "Luz y Fuerza" (Light and Power utilities workers) in the province of Córdoba. Tosco felt that nothing could substitute for general assemblies, which he considered superior to representative committees, and that labor struggles should not simply focus on salary demands. His ideology can be described as anti-imperialist, anti-capitalist, and anti-bureaucratic.
He constantly fought against bureaucracy in the union. One of his most famous enemies in this regard was José Ignacio Rucci, another prominent leader in the CGT. About this, Tosco said the following, "Rucci and his disciples are prisoners of their commitment to the powerful, prisoners of the guardians who lend them the political apparatus, prisoners of a jail from which they can never escape: that of submission and indignity." Tosco and Rucci had many public confrontations.
In addition to the struggles particular to his own union, he participated in the fight against the dictatorship of Juan Carlos Onganía.
His role in the "Cordobazo".
On May 29, 1969, in the city of Córdoba, there was a popular uprising against the dictatorship of Onganía. Many workers and students confronted the military. After the Cordobazo, Tosco was condemned to eight years in prison by a military tribunal, but was free after 16 months. The Cordobazo was a milestone because is represented a loss of legitimacy for the Onganía government, and hastened its end. About the Cordobazo, Tosco said, "it was a rebellion for the workers and the people(...) it came out of the working class and the masses. The importance of the Cordobazo is that it came from the workers and the students and that for their convictions they came out into the streets to fight."
After the Cordobazo.
When he got out of prison, Tosco returned to Córdoba. With the victory of Peronism in 1973, Tosco began to be persecuted. In 1974, after the police coup against the governor Ricardo Obregón Cano, the Luz y Fuerza labor union was abolished, and Tosco was forced to go into hiding. A while later he fell ill, but could not go to the hospital for fear of execution.
Agustín Tosco died at 45 years of age, on November 5, 1975, and thousands of people attended his funeral, despite threats from the government of Isabel Perón and the "Alianza Anticomunista Argentina" (Argentine Anticomunist Alliance, a far right death squad). Participation in Tosco's funeral was violently suppressed by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="7024493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024493" title="Person-rem/year">
Person-rem/year



</doc>
<doc id="7024496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024496" title="Number disc telephone">
Number disc telephone



</doc>
<doc id="7024511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024511" title="Route 207 (Virginia)">
Route 207 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7024514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024514" title="North Florida Christian School">
North Florida Christian School

North Florida Christian School (NFCS) is a private Christian school in Tallahassee, Florida, originally founded as a segregation academy. The school is administered by North Florida Baptist Church, formerly known as Temple Baptist Church.
History.
Originally known as "Tallahassee Christian School", it was founded in 1966 by Temple Baptist Church pastor Rayburn L. Blair and headmaster James Pound. Pound served as principal and school superintendent until his retirement in 1988.
Although the school is open today to students of all races, it was founded by white parents, one of several segregation academies started in response to the federally mandated racial integration of Leon County Schools.
Among the parents who withdrew their children from public schools and enrolled them at NFCS were Board of Regents member Fred Parker and state senator Miley Miers. Parker told the AP that he enrolled his four children in NFCS because he didn't want them to be subject to desegregation busing. Parker added that an advantage of NFCS was that the private school's bus service had a stop near his home. Miers said he moved her three children to NFCS since so they would not "suffer" from the end of the separate-but-equal doctrine.
In 1970, NFCS signed an agreement to lease the "Old Sealey School" campus from the Leon County school board for $5.00 per day. In response to the lease, the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare blocked the public school system from receiving a $200,000 federal grant since the school board was aiding a racially segregated private school.
NFCS hosted a campaign rally for George Wallace's 1972 presidential campaign. Wallace later claimed he had no prior knowledge of flyers distributed at the rally promoting school segregation.
In 1975, school head James Pound told the "Tallahassee Democrat" that the school had turned down all black applicants to avoid racial conflict at the school.
In 1978, NFCS expelled three students because their parents tried to start a parent teacher organization independent of the school. About 100 parents attempted to form the PTA to improve academic standards at the NFCS. The school, which at the time had over 1700 students, sent a letter to all parents explaining that if they disagreed with the church's administration of the school, they should withdraw their children.
School faculty of Tallahassee Christian helped establish another segregation academy, Gadsden Christian Academy (now known as the Tallavanna Christian School) in Gadsden County in 1971.
Demographics.
In 2018 the school reported to the NCES the following: 506 total students, of whom 261 were White, 147 Black, 23 Hispanic, 7 Asian and 12 of two or more races.
Accreditation.
NFCS is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, the Florida Association of Christian Colleges and Schools, and the Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation.
Athletics.
1986 FHSAA player eligibility controversy.
In 1986, the football team included a student who transferred in violation of FHSAA regulations. The FHSAA declared each game in which the student participated be forfeited, making the school ineligible for the playoffs. NFCS sued in state court and was granted an injunction allowing it to participate in the playoffs. The court later upheld the ruling allowing the student's participation.

</doc>
<doc id="7024525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024525" title="Pandinus imperator">
Pandinus imperator



</doc>
<doc id="7024532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024532" title="Queensland Blossom-bat">
Queensland Blossom-bat



</doc>
<doc id="7024535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024535" title="Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway">
Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway

The Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway is a narrow gauge heritage railway in Skegness. The railway was originally located at Humberston, near Cleethorpes, and opened there in 1960 using equipment from the Nocton Potato Estate railway and operated there until 1985. The equipment was then put into storage until the current railway at Skegness opened on 3 May 2009.
History.
The original railway was built by a group of railway enthusiasts on land was leased from Grimsby Rural District Council near Humberston, Cleethorpes. Construction began in April 1960 and the railway opened on 27 August 1960. The track and rolling stock was acquired from the Nocton Potato Estate railway and the first services used a Motor Rail "Simplex" locomotive and a single open bogie carriage converted from a wagon. The line was the first heritage railway in the world to be built on a greenfield site and ran from the bus terminus in Humberston to the beach and Humberston Fitties holiday camp.
In 1961, a second Motor Rail locomotive was added, and the railway's first steam locomotive "Jurassic" arrived. Additional equipment in the form of a passenger coach from the Sand Hutton Light Railway (closed to passengers in 1930) and two vehicles that had formerly run on the Ashover Light Railway were brought to the railway and restored, entering service in 1967 and 1962-3 respectively. Midweek carryings were adversely affected by the 1962 extension of Grimsby-Cleethorpes Transport bus service to serve the Fitties holiday camp, but weekend and Bank Holiday traffic remained strong, and by 1964 the line was carrying 60,000 passengers a year.
In 1966 the railway was rebuilt on a new alignment and extended. The line saw considerable success in the late 1960s, and another steam locomotive, "Elin", arrived, although it was too heavy for the lightly laid track. Trains operated push–pull train for many years, but an accident resulted in the Railway Inspectorate requiring the installation of run-round loops, so that the locomotive would always be at the head of the train, and air brakes.
The railway also became home to a number of ex-Great Northern Railway items including the somersault signals used to control movements at North Sea Lane station, railings, and other platform furniture from stations on the East Lincolnshire Railway many of whose minor stations were closed in 1963.
In the early 1980s, the railway carried heavy passenger traffic to and from a large car boot sale held at the Fitties holiday camp on Sundays. Traffic was so heavy that at times all three covered carriages were in use simultaneously. However, midweek traffic outside of the brief summer season had dwindled to almost nothing. Other issues arose that made it impractical to continue on the Humberston site. Firstly, the 1984 miners' strike considerably reduced the number of holiday makers using the Fitties holiday camp, further decreasing traffic on the line. Also, as a condition of renewing the lease on the site, the council insisted on the installation of fences on both sides of the railway, which would have created an unpleasant cage-like environment for passengers using the railway's low-slung coaches. In 1985, faced with a series of obstacles, the railway closed at the end of the summer season in September, and the track was lifted shortly afterwards.
The Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway Historic Vehicles Trust was formed in 1983 to restore and preserve some of the ex-Nocton War Department Light Railways rolling stock which was not required by the railway. Some vehicles were lent to the Museum of Army Transport at Beverley, until that ran into financial difficulties in the mid-1990s. The trust's stock was moved to a private site until it was re-united with the rest of the railway at the Water Leisure Park.
When the line closed at the end of its 1985 season, "Jurassic" still had a valid boiler ticket, so it was taken to the Leighton Buzzard Light Railway to run at their 1986 gala, The LCLR-owned rolling stock, rails and equipment went into storage on land adjacent to the site of the former Burgh-le-Marsh railway station.
In 1992 the LCLR was offered a new home at the Skegness Water Leisure Park, then under development. A new line was constructed there which opened on 3 May 2009.
In 2014, a bid was made by the trust to re-build the open coach, converted in 1962 from one of the ex Nocton Class D wagons, into a disabled-friendly passenger vehicle. After winning a vote in the 'Peoples Millions' competition run by ITV, the Trust was awarded £43,400 to do the work, and the project was completed by the end of 2015. The 'D' class bogie wagon has been returned to its original appearance, apart from the addition of a safety rail above the sides and ends of the vehicle and the inclusion of a small door in one of the drop sides of the wagon for the loading and unloading of passengers and wheelchairs. Seating is provided in the form of boxes resembling World War I ammunition boxes secured around the sides of the vehicle. The platform at Wall's Lane (former Lakeview) station has been extended and upgraded to accommodate a two-coach train and provide disabled access to the trains. A water tank has been installed to cater for the return of "Jurassic" to traffic.
The Trust restored the Peckett "Jurassic" with a "Back to Steam" appeal, with the locomotive tested "in steam" (minus air brakes) in August 2017. It entered service, fully equipped with air brakes, in September 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="7024539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024539" title="Virginia State Highway 233">
Virginia State Highway 233



</doc>
<doc id="7024541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024541" title="Agustin tosco">
Agustin tosco



</doc>
<doc id="7024545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024545" title="Trichocichla rufa">
Trichocichla rufa



</doc>
<doc id="7024551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024551" title="Mast cell stabilizer">
Mast cell stabilizer

Mast cell stabilizers are medications used to prevent or treat certain allergic disorders. They block mast cell degranulation, stabilizing the cell and thereby preventing the release of histamine and related mediators. One suspected pharmacodynamic mechanism is the blocking of IgE-regulated calcium channels. Without intracellular calcium, the histamine vesicles cannot fuse to the cell membrane and degranulate.
As inhalers they are used to treat asthma, as nasal sprays to treat hay fever (allergic rhinitis) and as eye drops for allergic conjunctivitis. Finally, in oral form, they are used to treat the rare condition of mastocytosis.
Examples.
Mast cell stabilizer medications include:
Research.
The following substances are studied on their potential mast cell stabilizing effects, but the current results are inconclusive:

</doc>
<doc id="7024555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024555" title="Marking Time (disambiguation)">
Marking Time (disambiguation)

Marking Time is an Australian television series.
Marking Time may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7024561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024561" title="Tak and the Power of Juju (TV series)">
Tak and the Power of Juju (TV series)

Tak and the Power of Juju is an American animated television series that aired from August 31, 2007, to January 24, 2009. Loosely based on the 2003 video game of the same name, the show consists of two eleven-minute stories per half-hour episode. It was co-produced by THQ and Nickelodeon. The series was produced by Nick Jennings and directed, among others, by Mark Risley, Jim Schumann, and Heiko Drengenberg. This was the second CGI Nickelodeon series, after "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius", and is also the first one to be overseen by Nickelodeon Animation Studio. The show continued to air reruns on Nicktoons until September 3, 2012. 26 episodes were produced.
Characters.
Jujus.
Jujus are magical creatures who originate from the Juju Realm.
Episodes.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Home media.
"Tak and the Power of Juju: The Trouble with Magic" was released on June 24, 2008, and contained the episodes "Woodiefest", "Loser", "A Shaman's Shaman", "The Gift", "The Three Chiefs", "The Party", "The Beast", "To Zaria with Love", "Girls Only", and "Secession". "Tak and the Power of Juju: Season 1" was released on October 17, 2011, and contains all 26 episodes. On September 22, 2021, the series was added to Paramount+, though originally reported for August. As of December 31, 2023, the show was removed from Paramount+.
KCA preview.
During the Nickelodeon 2007 Kids' Choice Awards, hosted by Justin Timberlake, a preview was shown of the new show in Nick.com. The site included the preview, a character page and a story page minimally different from the game.
Reception.
Common Sense Media rated the show a 3 out of 5 stars, stating "Based on a popular Nickelodeon video game, "Tak and the Power of Juju" is an entertaining CG-animated series full of colorful characters and outlandish scenarios sure to entertain older school-age kids and young tweens. Tak's mix of good intentions and general mischief lays the groundwork for plenty of fun in each episode, and parents will like that there's not much to worry about here, aside from mild, typical cartoon violence. Just be ready for your kids to begging for the tie-in games once they've developed an affection for the jungle-dwelling cast."

</doc>
<doc id="7024563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024563" title="Shree Vishnumurthy Temple">
Shree Vishnumurthy Temple

Kulai Shree Vishnumurthy Temple is located in the town of Kulai near Surathkal about 15 km north of Mangalore in the state of Karnataka, India.
It is an ancient Vishnu shrine which has a statue estimated to be about 600 years old. The temple's presiding deity is Shree Vishnumurthy who is another form of Lord Vishnu.
Initially no temple complex was evident but Venkatramana Hebbar, a local archeologist and historian, found a small shrine in a state of ruin in the forest around 1911. The temple has been repeatedly renovated and is in use today with an active schedule of worship and festival celebrations.
Annual Festivals.
Formerly a one day Annual Festival and Nemosthava was conducted in Meena Sankramana. In Shima Masa one day flower Alankara Pooja and Abhishekam by Tender coconut, Mahaganapathi Appada Pooja is being conducted. In the year 1968 one day Annual festival was started to be celebrated as 5 days festival with various seva programs and cultural programs. Presently the festival starts on the Chathrudhasi of Meena Masa. The Festival starts with Dwajarohanam and the Rathostavam is on the 4th day of the festival, on 5th day noon Churnoostava and Maha Annasantarpane will be there and in the same day night there is Naga Darshan, Sri Annappa Panjurli Nemostava and ending with Avabrathostava.

</doc>
<doc id="7024564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024564" title="Charles Hirshberg">
Charles Hirshberg

Charles Hirshberg is an American journalist and sportswriter. He primarily writes for large-circulation magazines. His articles and columns have appeared in "Time", "Sports Illustrated", "Life", the "Los Angeles Times", "The Washington Post", "Men's Health" and other publications. As of 2002, he was an editor of "Popular Science". His mother was the astrophysicist Joan Feynman and his uncle was Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman.
Bibliography.
Hirshberg is the author of several books:

</doc>
<doc id="7024568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024568" title="Virginia State Highway 236">
Virginia State Highway 236



</doc>
<doc id="7024573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024573" title="Frontul Plugarilor">
Frontul Plugarilor



</doc>
<doc id="7024576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024576" title="Trichocichla">
Trichocichla



</doc>
<doc id="7024579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024579" title="Iscehisar">
Iscehisar



</doc>
<doc id="7024580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024580" title="2005 songkhla bombings">
2005 songkhla bombings



</doc>
<doc id="7024582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024582" title="Tosco">
Tosco

Tosco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7024590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024590" title="FIFA Women's U-17 World Cup">
FIFA Women's U-17 World Cup



</doc>
<doc id="7024596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024596" title="See of Rome Act 1536">
See of Rome Act 1536

An Act extinguishing the authority of the bishop of Rome (28 Hen. 8. c. 10) was an act of the Parliament of England passed in 1536. It consisted mostly of a violent attack on the authority of the Pope and his followers, and declared that those who committed the following offences would be liable for prosecution under the Statute of Praemunire 1392 (16 Ric. 2. c. 5):
The act also required all religious and secular officers, those taking Holy Orders, and those starting a degree at university to take an oath renouncing the jurisdiction of Rome and acknowledging Royal Supremacy. Refusing to take the oath was high treason until 1547 with the passing of the Treason Act 1547 (1 Edw. 6. c. 12)
Subsequent developments.
The whole act was repealed in 1554 by section 4 of the Second Statute of Repeal (1 &amp; 2 Ph. &amp; M. c. 8). This repeal was confirmed by section 4 of the Act of Supremacy 1558 (1 Eliz. 1. c. 1).

</doc>
<doc id="7024599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024599" title="Vladimir Beekman">
Vladimir Beekman

Vladimir Beekman (23 August 1929 – 3 October 2009) was an Estonian writer, poet and translator.
Early life and education.
After completing his primary education, he attended the Tallinn University of Technology and graduated in 1953 with a degree in chemistry. From 1953 to 1956, he was head of the fiction department at the Estonian State Publishing House, after which he decided to become a freelance writer.
Career.
After 1968, he served on the board of the Estonian Writers' Union, rising from Secretary to Chairman, in 1983. He was also involved in politics, being a member of the and representing Estonia in the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union. In 1975, he was named an Honored Writer of the Estonian SSR. 
Personal life.
He was married to Aimée Beekman (née Malla), a graduate of the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography, who was also a successful and widely translated author. They worked together on an important film, "Fellow Villagers", that showed some freedom from Soviet control. The plot involved an unsuccessful espionage attempt from a Western country, but it did exhibit some Post-Stalinist freedoms. In particular, it explored the daily problems of fishermen who are portrayed as real people with alternative views which are not cast as either right or wrong.

</doc>
<doc id="7024601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024601" title="Dr. Gerõ-Svehla Cup">
Dr. Gerõ-Svehla Cup



</doc>
<doc id="7024603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024603" title="Kentucky Route 1974">
Kentucky Route 1974

Kentucky Route 1974, also known as Tates Creek Road, stretches from New Circle Road (KY 4) at its northern terminus and proceeds southeast towards Spears. It has become a popular commuting route from points south, especially with recent housing development south of Man o' War Boulevard that stretches to Kentucky Route 1980. KY 1974 was widened from two to four lanes south of Man o' War Boulevard to KY 1980 in the late 1990s. It becomes a rural two-lane road with very light traffic to its southern terminus with KY 169, which leads to the Valley View Ferry.
Route description.
KY 1974 begins at an intersection with KY 169 in Lexington, Fayette County, heading north on two-lane undivided Tates Creek Road. Immediately after beginning, the route intersects the southern terminus of KY 1975. The road continues through farmland with some woods and residences. curving to the north-northwest. KY 1974 continues past more farms and intersects the northern terminus of KY 1980 before passing to the east of a residential neighborhood. Farther north, the route widens into a five-lane road with a center left-turn lane and heads through suburban areas of homes. The road passes near more residential areas with some businesses, intersecting Man o' War Boulevard. KY 1974 heads north through more suburban development and ends at an interchange with KY 4 (New Circle Road).
On March 16, 2018, a section of KY 1974 that ran from KY 4 to US 27 near the University of Kentucky campus was decommissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="7024609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024609" title="Demidov Lyceum">
Demidov Lyceum



</doc>
<doc id="7024611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024611" title="Queensland Tube-nosed Bat">
Queensland Tube-nosed Bat



</doc>
<doc id="7024614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024614" title="Act against the Pope's Authority">
Act against the Pope's Authority



</doc>
<doc id="7024617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024617" title="Act Extinguishing the Authority of the Bishop of Rome">
Act Extinguishing the Authority of the Bishop of Rome



</doc>
<doc id="7024627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024627" title="Tak and the Power of Juju (series)">
Tak and the Power of Juju (series)



</doc>
<doc id="7024628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024628" title="Terry Parker Senior High School">
Terry Parker Senior High School



</doc>
<doc id="7024630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024630" title="Hildegarde Dolson">
Hildegarde Dolson



</doc>
<doc id="7024633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024633" title="Virginia State Highway 244">
Virginia State Highway 244



</doc>
<doc id="7024634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024634" title="Temple Knight">
Temple Knight



</doc>
<doc id="7024651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024651" title="Richard Shannon Hoon">
Richard Shannon Hoon



</doc>
<doc id="7024656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024656" title="Milicia">
Milicia

Milicia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7024659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024659" title="Winston-Salem Northern Beltway">
Winston-Salem Northern Beltway

The Winston-Salem Northern Beltway is a partially completed freeway loop around the city of Winston-Salem in North Carolina. The western section has been designated as North Carolina Highway 452 (NC 452), which will become I-274 when completed, and the eastern section of the beltway will is designated as North Carolina Highway 74 (NC 74), which will become part of I-74 when completed. The entire route is in Forsyth County.
The beltway would make Winston-Salem the seventh city in North Carolina to have a full or partial Interstate loop; the other six are Asheville (I-240), Charlotte (I-485 and I-277), Raleigh (I-440 and I-540), Wilmington (I-140), Greensboro (I-840), and Fayetteville (I-295).
Route description.
When completed as planned, the beltway will be approximately in length, beginning in the east at I-74/NC 192 and ending in the west at U.S. Highway 158 (US 158). It would be entirely within Forsyth County and would cross I-40 and US 421 twice. The beltway would serve as a freeway connector for the suburban communities of Walkertown, Stanleyville, Rural Hall, Tobaccoville, Pfafftown, Lewisville, and Clemmons and would serve as a possible bypass for US 158 and US 52. The TIP Project Number is R-2247 for the western segment and U-2579 for the under construction eastern segment.
As of November 2023, the completed portion is signed as NC 74, and bears the mile markers based on I-74's putative mileage when the interstate is completed. Starting at the current western terminus at US 52 near Rural Hall, the route travels southeast, with interchanges at NC 66 (Exit 42), NC 8/Germanton Road (Exit 43), Baux Mountain Road (Exit 45), US 311/New Walkertown Road (Exit 49), and US 158 (Reidsville Road). The road turns gently to a more southerly route, and reaches its current terminus at US 421/Salem Parkway near Kernersville. As of November 2023, work is underway to extend the route in both directions, reaching west to US 52 at the northwestern end by Thanksgiving 2023 and south to meet the current I-40 and I-74 by 2025/2026.
History.
Construction of the western segment of the beltway was to begin in 1999 but was delayed by a lawsuit aimed at the environmental impact statement (EIS). After the legal situation was resolved, the North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) then announced construction would begin in 2006; however, in March 2005, the department postponed the start date again until at least 2012 due to budget shortfalls. Funds once allocated to the western segment were then reapportioned to the construction of the eastern segment, which had a planned construction start date in 2011.
A second lawsuit, however, delayed the road further. A federal district judge in May 2010 dismissed the cases accusing an updated environmental study of ignoring global warming and impact on other intersecting roads. However, the high cost of building the entire project pushed the beltway to last place on a list of urban loop projects being built by the state. In March 2011, state officials agreed to rank projects using sections, which might help the eastern section move higher on a list by 2014.
On September 7, 2011, North Carolina Governor Bev Perdue announced that construction of a part of the eastern leg of the beltway would begin in 2014. The section to be built connects US 158 to I-40 Business (I-40 Bus.; now US 421/Salem Parkway). Right-of-way acquisition began in 2012 and cost $34 million (equivalent to $ in ); construction was estimated to cost $156 million. Construction on the segment, Project U-2579B, commenced in December 2014, with an anticipated completion date of November 2018. However, after delays, including an opening date of late 2019, it was finally opened to traffic on September 5, 2020.
Since then, funding has been allocated to complete the remaining sections of NC 74 between US 52 and the current I-74 (formerly cosigned with US 311), starting with the segment between US 311 and US 158, known as Project U-2579C, in October 2017. Construction on this segment began in 2018, was scheduled to open in 2021, and opened to traffic on December 23, 2020.
That same year, a contract for the segment between NC 66 and US 311, Projects U-2579D, U-2579E, and U-2579F, was awarded. Construction on this segment begun in April 2019, and it opened to traffic on November 7, 2022. Next, construction on the segments between I-74 and I-40 Bus. (now US 421/Salem Parkway), Projects U-2579AA and U-2579AB, are scheduled to begin in 2020 and will open in 2024. At the time, construction on the interchange with US 52, which began in 2019, was scheduled to be completed in 2022, but was then delayed to mid-2023. It was later delayed again, this time to around Thanksgiving 2023.
On January 22, 2022, another contract was awarded. This section runs from the Salem Parkway (formerly known as I-40 Bus.) to I-40, a length of . The last section of the eastern leg (I-40 to the existing I-74) is scheduled to begin in October 2022. Both of these projects apparently had to be postponed due to the cash crunch caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
The first phase of the project to be constructed was the northeastern quadrant, starting at US 421 (Salem Parkway) and extending north and west. It was completed in four segments. The first segment, from US 421 to US 158, was completed on September 5, 2020. The second segment, extending the route to US 311, was opened on December 23, 2020. The third segment, to NC 66, was completed on November 7, 2022. The southbound exit and northbound entrance from US 52 on the fourth segment was scheduled to open to traffic on November 18, 2023; the rest of the interchange remains under construction. On January 14, 2025, NCDOT extended NC 74 onto the segment between NC 66 (University Boulevard) and US 52.
Future.
A "Southern Beltway" connecting the eastern and western segments in Forsyth County and northern Davidson County is in the initial planning stages, as its general proposed routing appears on some Winston-Salem Department of Transportation (WSDOT) long-range planning maps. , no preferred alternatives for this southern section have been officially submitted, and NCDOT does not include the Southern Beltway on its vision maps. The WSDOT plans for this final section of the beltway to start construction sometime after 2030. If completed as planned, the Southern Beltway would serve as a connector for the communities of Midway, Wallburg, and Arcadia and would not necessarily be utilized as a bypass for I-40 due to the freeway's southward dip. The southern section would have an approximate length of and would intersect I-285/US 52/NC 8 near its midway point. Once the northern segments of the loop are completed, I-40 through Winston-Salem would technically complete the beltway loop without the southern section.
Interstate 274.
Interstate 274 (I-274) is the future designation for the western half of the beltway, currently designated as NC 452. When completed, it will connect US 158, near Clemmons, to Future I-74/Future I-285/US 52, in Bethania. I-274 first appeared on NCDOT planning maps in the early 2000s but was later disused for over a decade since. On May 20, 2019, the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) approved a request to establish Future I-274. Justification given by NCDOT was that the section would satisfy a great need to alleviate congestion in Winston-Salem and connect the western portion of the urbanized area.

</doc>
<doc id="7024661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024661" title="Ahmed Abdul-Malik">
Ahmed Abdul-Malik

Ahmed Abdul-Malik (born Jonathan Tim Jr.; January 30, 1927 – October 2, 1993) was an American jazz double bassist and oud player.
Abdul-Malik is remembered for integrating Middle Eastern and North African music styles in his jazz music. He was a bass player for Art Blakey, Earl Hines, Randy Weston, and Thelonious Monk, among others. Abdul-Malik recorded six albums as a leader between 1958 and 1964 before moving into jazz education.
Early life.
Abdul-Malik claimed that his father was from Sudan and moved to the United States. Research by historian Robin Kelley, however, indicates that Abdul-Malik was born to Caribbean immigrants and changed his birth name: Ahmed Abdul-Malik was born Jonathan Tim Jr., (sometimes spelled "Timm") on January 30, 1927, to Matilda and Jonathan Tim Sr. – both of whom had immigrated from St. Vincent in the British West Indies three years earlier. They also had a daughter, Caroline, born a little more than a year after Jonathan Jr. Jonathan Tim Sr.'s death certificate not only confirms his birth in St. Vincent, it indicates that his father – Abdul-Malik's grandfather – James Tim, and his mother, Mary Daniels, were both from the Caribbean. City directories for Brooklyn, as well as the American Federation of Musicians Union Local 802 directory, confirm the bassist's birth name as Jonathan Tim Jr.
Jonathan Jr. was born in Brooklyn. The family lived at 545 Hopkinson Avenue, but moved to 1984 Atlantic Avenue before their son began school. Jonathan Jr. had violin lessons from his father, who was a plasterer and general laborer. Aged seven, Jonathan Jr. attended the Vardi School of Music and Art, "to continue his violin training, and over time took up piano, cello, bass, and tuba." His parents divorced in the late 1930s, and he lived with his father and new wife, at 2117 Dean Street, but his father died on February 9, 1941, from a bleeding gastric ulcer. Jonathan Jr. continued studying, including having lessons with local bassist Franklin Skeete, before joining The High School of Music &amp; Art in Harlem. There, "his skills on violin and viola earned him a spot in the All-City Orchestra."
In 1944, Abdul-Malik started his career as a professional bass player during the midst of New York's be-bop scene. During this time, Abdul-Malik started to experiment with instruments such as the oud and zither-like kanoon. While studying at the New York High School of Music &amp; Art, he immersed himself in Syrian, West African, and Lebanese music. While taking music lessons from members of these cultures, he converted to Islam and adopted the name Ahmed Abdul-Malik.
When Abdul-Malik changed his name, some black musicians were trying to separate themselves from the popular big bands and chose to do this in part through joining the Ahmadiyya movement, where musicians were urged to stop using drugs and alcohol, and perceive themselves as members of a broader Islamic world. By the mid-1950s, Abdul-Malik had worked with prominent jazz musicians such as Art Blakey, Coleman Hawkins, Don Byas, and Randy Weston. During this time, he continued his goals of fusing jazz with music from the Arab world, but at the time there was little commercial interest in this music, giving Abdul-Malik few opportunities to perform this fledgling hybrid of music.
Later life and career.
In 1957, while a member of Thelonious Monk's quartet, Monk and John Coltrane encouraged Abdul-Malik to start his own ensemble, which was formed in late 1957. This group featured Abdul-Malik playing both bass and oud, as well as violinist Naim Karakand, Jack Ghanaim on kanoon, Mike Hemway playing the darbuka, and Bilal Abdurahman on reed instruments.
In the summer of 1958, his playing on the Monk album "Misterioso" got Abdul-Malik more attention and allowed him to start his own recording career, releasing six albums from 1958 to 1964. His debut album as a leader, "Jazz Sahara", contained four songs, each signifying a different maqam or Arabic mode. In the song "'Ya Annas", Abdul-Malik started the song in 3/4 rhythm but shifted to 4/4 after around seven minutes. This first album can be viewed as a predecessor to the Indo-jazz playing of Joe Harriott and John Mayer around a decade later.
Abdul-Malik's next album was "East Meets West" in 1959. Daniel Spicer, a writer for "The Quietus", describes a solo from Jakarawan Nasseur as a "seductive exhortation as she [slid] around the notes with loose, microtonal languor, creating a thick fog that’s intoxicating and startling in equal measure". During this time he was also described as "a hard bop bassist of some distinction". As an oud player he did a tour of South America for the United States Department of State and performed at an African jazz festival in Morocco.
With the advent of free jazz in the 1960s, Abdul-Malik transitioned from Arabic-inspired music to predominantly jazz ballads and the blues and recorded his album "The Music of Ahmed Abdul-Malik". His instruments on this album included the Korean peri. In 1961, Abdul-Malik sat in with John Coltrane; his playing of the tambura on "India" was released on Coltrane's "The Complete 1961 Village Vanguard Recordings" decades later.
Abdul-Malik visited Nigeria late in 1961 and developed a better foundation of its music and culture. This influenced his album "Sounds of Africa" the following year, which included trumpet, saxophones, and percussionists. In 1963, Abdul-Malik returned to his original recording style with his recording of "The Eastern Moods of Ahmed Abdul-Malik". His trio recorded music that was influenced by sounds from the Middle East, North Africa, and India. His final album as a leader, "Spellbound", was recorded in 1964. Rather than focusing on Middle Eastern and African music, Abdul-Malik recorded a more traditional album with a focus on the oud, showing that the oud could be used in American jazz.
After his last two albums failed to achieve monetary success, Abdul-Malik switched to focusing on teaching the next generation of jazz musicians in his local community and later at New York University. In 1984, he received BMI's Pioneer in Jazz Award for introducing Middle Eastern music into jazz. After having a stroke in the 1980s, he stopped working at New York University and returned to studying, including under oud player Simon Shaheen, until Abdul-Malik died as the result of another stroke in Long Branch, New Jersey in 1993.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Walt Dickerson
With Earl Hines
With Odetta
With Herbie Mann
With Thelonious Monk
With Randy Weston
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7024665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024665" title="Freeway loop">
Freeway loop



</doc>
<doc id="7024667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024667" title="Erica Simone Turnipseed">
Erica Simone Turnipseed

Erica Simone Turnipseed (born June 12, 1971) is an African American novelist.
Education.
Turnipseed earned her B.A. and M.A degrees in anthropology from Yale University and Columbia University respectively.
Career.
Her debut novel "A Love Noire" won the Atlanta Choice Award Author of the Year from the Atlanta Daily World. She published her second novel "Hunger" in 2006. Complementing Turnipseed's first two novels is "A Love Noire/Hunger: The Soundtrack".
In addition, Turnipseed was nominated for Breakout Author of the Year for the African American Literary Awards Show Open Book Award.
Among her many appearances, Turnipseed has served as a guest lecturer at Spelman College, Medgar Evers College, Baruch College, Midwood High School, and Yale University. She was a panelist at the inaugural Brooklyn Book Festival, the Brooklyn Best Festival, and the "Up South International Book Festival".
She is also the founder of the "Five Years for the House Initiative," a fund raising drive for the Afro-American Cultural Center at Yale.
She lives with her husband in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="7024669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024669" title="AD Valongo">
AD Valongo

Associação Desportiva de Valongo is a roller hockey club from Valongo, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="7024671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024671" title="Early Harappan">
Early Harappan



</doc>
<doc id="7024674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024674" title="Live from the House of Blues">
Live from the House of Blues

Live from the House of Blues is a 26-part (one hour each) television program on TBS that started airing in January 1995 at 12:05 AM Eastern Time on Friday nights and repeated at the same time on Saturday nights. The time slot was the same time slot that another TBS music program, "Night Tracks" once occupied from 1983 to 1992. It featured live music and was fronted by a rotation of celebrity hosts. The show was produced by Michael Murphy Productions in conjunction with the "House of Blues" franchise, and was filmed at their Los Angeles location. The program ended its run in 1996. It was sponsored by Pontiac and the Pontiac Sunfire.

</doc>
<doc id="7024684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024684" title="União Bandeirante">
União Bandeirante



</doc>
<doc id="7024686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024686" title="Dale Thompson">
Dale Thompson

Philip Dale Thompson (born December 13, 1963) known professionally as Dale Thompson, is an American musician who is the Lead Singer and Co-founding member of the Christian Metal band Bride (band), of which he has been a member since its inception in 1983 until their initial retirement in 2014, and again from 2018-present. Outside of Bride, Thompson has performed in several projects such as Perpetual Paranoia, Dale Thompson &amp; The Boon Dogs, Digital KLL, and Dale Thompson and the Kentucky Cadillacs. In addition to these projects, Thompson has also released several solo albums.
Between 1986 and 2013, Thompson released 14 studio albums with Bride, along with five solo albums, before disbanding the group, with the brothers remaining the only two original members throughout Bride's career. In the early years, Thompson was noted for his lyrical tenor range and his powerful and stratospheric voice, as evidenced on early song such as "Evil That Men Do", "Hell No" and "Here Comes the Bride".
Early years.
Dale Thompson was born in West Point, Kentucky, to Philip Thompson (born August 12, 1944 – present) and Linda Thompson (née Capps, born November 12, 1943 – present). The family were raised in the small county of Nichols, Kentucky, where Dale and his brother Troy were raised.
From a young age, the Thompson brothers were immersed in music, growing up playing southern-style church music as part of a gospel group called The Hillview Lads. Despite their eventual transition to rock music, their early musical influences were deeply rooted in Christian albums by artists such as Dallas Holm, Larry Norman, Randy Stonehill, and Rusty Goodman.
Their introduction to rock came later, sparked by their exposure to the Resurrection Band and Kerry Livgren's "Seeds of Change" album, which would lay the foundation for their future in Christian rock.
Career.
Early in his career, Dale and his brother Troy Thompson would operate under the name, Matrix. They would spend three years honing their craft and recording a series of demo tapes. Eventually, the persistence would pay off and promoter Dorn Repport would secure them a spot opening for the acclaimed Daniel Band in Pottstown, Pennsylvania. The official lineup for Matrix would include Dale and his brother, Troy Thompson, joined by guitarist Billy Sutherland and drummer Steve Gilbert. The band seized the opportunity to showcase their talent, performing for a crowd of 1,000 people. Refuge Music Group was intrigued by the group's performance after the band sold out of every demo tape they had brought to the event.
This performance led to Refuge Music Group reaching out to the group. Within six months, Thompson and the group would rebrand themselves as Bride and sign with Pure Metal Records. According to Thompson, the name Bride was inspired by the Book of Revelation, specifically referencing the Bride of Christ. This change not only marked a shift in their identity but also reflected their desire to shine the Light of Christ into the world. This partnership laid the groundwork for Bridge's entry into the professional music scene. By October 1985, Thompson and the group would enter the studio to record their debut album, Show No Mercy. With a modest budget of $2,500, the band faced significant challenges. One challenge being that the group believed they needed to meet an imminent release date, resulting in an album that, while showcasing their raw talent, suffered from a rushed production and a thin, muddy sound.
In 1988, Bride released "Live to Die", widely regarded as one of the standout albums of their early metal era. This release marked a significant evolution in the band's sound, as they began incorporating elements of speed and thrash metal into their compositions, showcasing a more mature and refined musical direction.
The album featured several notable tracks, including "“Hell No,”" "“Whiskey Seed,”" and "“Heroes,”" which quickly became iconic anthems within the Christian metal scene. Thompson's vocal performance continued to highlight his impressive lyrical tenor range, adding depth and intensity to the album's themes. Additionally, "Live to Die" demonstrated a marked improvement in production quality, further solidifying Bride's reputation as one of the most innovative bands in Christian metal at the time.
Around this time, Steve Osborne departed from the group, leaving Dale's brother, Troy, the responsibility of being the lead guitarist. This would result in Dale working with a new lineup for the upcoming album. With Dale remaining on vocals and his brother Troy on rhythm and lead guitars, the group would be rounded out by bassist Frankie Partipilo, and Stephen Rolland on drums, and Rob Johnson, who joined the recording sessions to handle additional lead guitar duties.
In 1989, Thompson and the group would record and release Silence is Madness, an album that marked the end of their strictly metal era. Departing from the speed and thrash metal elements of their earlier work, the band would shift toward a classic metal sound infused with blues influences. Additionally, the lyrics on Silence in Madness were slightly less Christian than previous albums, reflecting Thompson's attempt at a more mainstream approach. Despite these changes, the album retained the band's signature intensity and musicianship. This stylistic change would bring a stronger focus on memorable hooks and hard rock compositions with a bluesy edge.
Around 1990, Dale would become frustrated with the Christian music industry and decide to step away to explore other opportunities within the secular industry. This decision led him to Los Angeles, California where he would join a band called Thunder Ball, featuring Rik Fox, formerly of the group W.A.S.P. (band). For two weeks, Thompson would perform with Thunder Ball and spend time in the studio, gaining invaluable exposure to the California rock scene. Shortly after returning to Kentucky, Thompson would begin working on a new project with Bride. The result would be a musical direction based more in Hard Rock.
Thompson would work with his brother, bassist Frankie Partipilo and drummer Stephan Rolland, and in 1989 the group would record Silence is Madness. After their deal with Pure Metal Records ended, Partipilo and Rolland would depart from Bride. The Thompson brothers would then be joined by bassist Rick Foley and drummer Jerry McBroom. Around this time, the group would begin working on at least three demo tapes. These tapes would include songs such as "Young Love" and "Kiss the Train". These songs were the beginning of a stylistic change, featuring songs that were more blues/hard rock-based.
In 1990, Thompson and the group would head into a studio based out of Nashville known as the Salt Mine. It was during this time the group would run into disagreements with producer Steve Griffin. Despite this, the album would result in Bride entering the mainstream of Christian music.
In 1992, following the success of "Kinetic Faith", Thompson's group was invited to serve as the opening act for Stryper during several U.S. concerts. This experience would catapult not only Thompson, but the other members of Bride into the limelight and allow them to find larger audiences.
Between 1992 and 2000, Bride would tour throughout the United States, Europe, and South America in support of Kinetic Faith (1991), Snakes in the Playground (1992), Scarecrow Messiah (1994), Drop, The Jesus Experience (1995), and their ninth album, Oddities (1998). Throughout this time the band would also win four Dove Awards. Three in 1992, 1993, and 1994 for "Everybody Knows My Name" from Kinetic Faith, "Rattlesnake" from Snakes in the Playground, and "Psychedelic Super Jesus" from Snakes in the Playground, all under Hard Music Song of the Year category. Finally, the group would receive their final Dove Award in 1995 for Scarecrow Messiah under the Hard Music Album of the Year.
Other ventures.
Outside of his musical career, Thompson has completed the Kentucky State EMT exam and has passed his "National Registry" test to become a certified Emergency medical technician and holds a CCSO certification.
In 2025, Thompson secured a publishing contract with Velox Books to write three books surrounding the horror genre. The deal marked a significant milestone in Thompson's literary career, with the first book slated for release in late 2025. Known for blending suspenseful storytelling, Thompson's work aims to push the boundaries of the horror genre.
Thompson was into boxing and weightlifting, and currently holds two Kentucky bench press records. One is listed for 2004 in the master men category (40-44/198-440), and the second is for 2006 in the master men category (40-44/220-150). He has the title as the "Strongest Man in Kentucky. When asked how he got that title, Thompson responded with, "I hold two bench press records with a max bench of 510 pounds or 31.332 Kilograms. And I did it at age 40."
On April 30, 2024, Thompson was commissioned by the Commonwealth of Kentucky and by order of State of Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear as an Honorable Kentucky Colonel.
Personal life.
Thompson currently resides in Brooks, Kentucky, with his wife, Adelinde. The couple married in 2014 in a private ceremony held in Auckland, New Zealand.
Thompson has three children from a previous marriage: Alex, Zachary, and Jordan, with whom he maintains close relationships.
Thompson identifies as a devout Christian and a Universalist, with his beliefs prominently reflected in songs like “End of Days” on the album "Skin for Skin," where he explores themes of grace, mercy, and salvation for all.
Despite criticism from fundamentalist groups and accusations of heresy, Thompson remains steadfast in his faith, emphasizing the teachings of Christ as the core of Christianity while rejecting rigid denominational doctrines.
Discography.
With Bride
Studio albums
Compilations and other releases
Solo albums
With the World Will Burn
With Perpetual Paranoia
With Dabster Gentlemen
With Swingle and Thompson Ordained
With No Other God
With Haunted No More
With The Thomas Thompson Earth Project
With Dominus Meus
With Iron 501
With We Are Resolute
With The Reconciled
With Sovereign Cross
With Not Of This World
With Digital KLL
Dale Thompson &amp; The Boon Dogs

</doc>
<doc id="7024688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024688" title="Carol Feeney">
Carol Feeney

Carol Feeney (born October 4, 1964) is an American rower who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Feeney was born in Oak Park, Illinois. She attended college at the University of Wisconsin where she was on the 1986 Varsity Women's Eight team that won the collegiate national title at the Cincinnati Regatta in Bantam, Ohio. Feeney now works as an eighth grade science teacher at Ottoson Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="7024691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024691" title="Pulau Ternate">
Pulau Ternate



</doc>
<doc id="7024697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024697" title="Uniao Bandeirante">
Uniao Bandeirante



</doc>
<doc id="7024698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024698" title="Uniao Bandeirante Futebol Clube">
Uniao Bandeirante Futebol Clube



</doc>
<doc id="7024699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024699" title="Uniao Bandeirante FC">
Uniao Bandeirante FC



</doc>
<doc id="7024701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024701" title="Uniao Bandeirante F.C.">
Uniao Bandeirante F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="7024703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024703" title="União Bandeirante F.C.">
União Bandeirante F.C.



</doc>
<doc id="7024704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024704" title="Virginia State Highway 259">
Virginia State Highway 259



</doc>
<doc id="7024705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024705" title="União Bandeirante FC">
União Bandeirante FC



</doc>
<doc id="7024721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024721" title="Thietmar of Prague">
Thietmar of Prague



</doc>
<doc id="7024722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024722" title="Ambrose Maréchal">
Ambrose Maréchal

Ambrose Maréchal, P.S.S. (August 28, 1764 – January 29, 1828) was a French-born Catholic prelate who served as archbishop of Baltimore from 1817 until his death. He was a member of the Sulpicians.
Maréchal dedicated the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the oldest cathedral in the United States, in Baltimore in 1821. Maréchal's tenure as archbishop was marked with conflicts with lay trustees of parishes in Virginia and South Carolina who believed they had the power to appoint their own priests. He also clashed with the new Bishops of Richmond and Charleston.
Biography.
Early life.
Ambrose Maréchal was born at Ingré in France on August 28, 1764. Following his parents' wishes, he began studies for the legal profession. However, he later decided to enter the Saint-Sulpice Seminary at Issy-les-Moulineaux, France, with the intentions of becoming a priest. The Sulpician Order gave Maréchal his tonsure, a crown-like haircut allowing a seminarian to continue his studies, at the end of 1787.
Priesthood.
Due to popular unrest in the Paris area, Maréchal left the Saint-Sulpice Seminary for Bordeaux, France, in early 1792. Eleven Sulpician priests were murdered in France during this period. Maréchal was ordained there into the priesthood on March 25, 1792, by Archbishop Archbishop Jérôme-Marie Champion de Cicé.
Bishop John Carroll of the Diocese of Baltimore in 1791 had invited the Sulpicians to Baltimore, Maryland to establish St. Mary's Seminary, the first Catholic seminary in the new United States. The Sulpician Order in the spring of 1792 sent Maréchal to the United States to help staff St. Mary's. He arrived Baltimore on June 24, 1792, where he celebrated his first mass as a new priest. After spending time at the seminary, he was assigned by the Sulpicians to perform pastoral work in Bohemia, Maryland. By 1799, Maréchal was back in Baltimore, teaching theology at the seminary. In 1801, the Sulpicians sent Maréchal to teach philosophy at the new Georgetown College in Washington, D.C.
With the ascension of Napoleon Bonaparte as first consul of the new French Republic, it became safer for Catholic clergy to practice in France. In 1803, the Sulpicians ordered Maréchal to return home. He would spend the next nine years teaching at Sulpician schools in Saint-Flour, Lyon, Aix-en-Provence and Marseille. In appreciation of his service, Maréchal's students in Marseille presented him with a marble altar. Louis XVIII, who became the French monarch in 1814, later presented him with several paintings. The altar and the paintings went to the Basilica of the Assumption in Baltimore.In 1812, the Sulpicians sent Maréchal back to Baltimore, where he resumed teaching at St. Mary's Seminary. He later served as president of the seminary.
Archbishop of Baltimore.
On January 26, 1816, Pope Pius VII named Maréchal as bishop of Philadelphia. However, he did not want the appointment and the Vatican allowed him to decline it. On July 24, 1817, Pius VII appointed him as titular bishop of Stauropolis and coadjutor archbishop of Baltimore to assist the ailing Archbishop Leonard Neale. However, Neale died before Maréchal could be consecrated.
Instead, Maréchal was consecrated archbishop of Baltimore by Bishop Jean-Louis Cheverus at the St. Peter's Pro-Cathedral in Baltimore on December 14, 1817. The co-consecrators were Bishop John Connolly and Bishop-elect Louis de Barth.
Schisms.
Maréchal indicated that the most pressing problems facing the archdiocese were the shortage of priests and overly independent lay parish trustees. The latter problem, known as trusteeism, was most pronounced in parishes with a dominant number of Irish immigrants. These trustees were willing to accept a cleric, regardless of their incompetence or lack of qualifications, as long as they were Irish. At the same time, the "Propaganda Fide" in Rome was receiving reports from primarily Irish parishes in Virginia and South Carolina that were unhappy with French priests who were not fluent in English or ignorant of local customs.
In 1816, Neale had to deal with a schism in Charleston, South Carolina. He had placed St. Mary's, a primarily Irish parish in that city, under interdict because its trustees had refused to accept a French priest that Neale had appointed as pastor. After several appeals to the Vatican, Pius VII upheld Neale's ruling on July 6, 1817, soon after his death. Even after receiving the pope's ruling, the trustees defied Maréchal, petitioning the Vatican to form a new diocese in the Carolinas. However, when Maréchal appointed an Irish priest to the parish, the trustees submitted to Maréchal's authority.
Maréchal in 1818 became involved with a second schism in Norfolk, Virginia, involving a French pastor, Reverend James Lucas, in an Irish parish. Complaining of Lucas' difficulty in conducting mass in English, the board of trustees had finally locked him out of St. Mary's church there. Neale then put that parish under interdict. The trustees petitioned the Vatican to lift the interdict and install an Irish priest of their choosing, Reverend Thomas Cabry. The "Propaganda Fide" suggested that Maréchal appoint Cabry, but Maréchal refused. Cabry then went to Norfolk and assumed the duties of pastor, despite Maréchal's threats.
In 1820, Bishop Joseph Flaget of the Diocese of Bardstown warned Maréchal about a certain priest seeking transfer to the archdiocese. The man had the appropriate letters of introduction from his bishop; however, when the archdiocesan staff observed him celebrating mass, it became clear that he was definitely not qualified. That same year, Maréchal wrote to the "Propaganda Fide", complaining that European and Irish bishops were dumping their problematic Irish and European priests in the United States. Some of these priests had alcohol abuse problems, others had broken church law or had criminal records.
Concerned that the schisms in Charleston and Norfolk might spread, the Vatican on July 11, 1820, erected the dioceses of Richmond and Charleston, taking the Southeastern United States away from the Archdiocese of Baltimore. Maréchal was very unhappy with this action, complaining that the Vatican never consulted him on their creation.In May 1821, Maréchal dedicated the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Baltimore, which had been started by Archbishop John Carroll in 1806.
Visit to Rome.
In 1821, Maréchal took his "ad limina" visit to Rome to visit the pope and resolve several pressing issues. One issue was the ownership of White Marsh plantation, Carroll's original home in Bowie, Maryland. Carroll had given the plantation to the Jesuit Order on February 17, 1728, but Maréchal now claimed that a significant part of the property belonged to the archdiocese. Pius VII ruled in Maréchal's favor, but the Jesuits refused to comply with his, contesting ownership of White Marsh for many more years. 
A more significant outcome of Maréchal's trip to Rome was the pope's agreement to consult with the archbishop of Baltimore on the erection of new dioceses and the appointment of new bishops in the United States. The new bishop of Richmond, Patrick Kelly, stopped in Baltimore in December 1820 on his way to Richmond to meet Maréchal. Kelly wrote about the meeting:He [Maréchal] did not receive me over kindly, and tried to persuade me it would be dangerous to take possession of my See; but his arguments did not satisfy me, and I arrived Norfolk on 19th January.In January 1821, Kelly took up residence in Norfolk which had a larger Catholic population than Richmond. Kelly was soon involved in disputes with Maréchal over their jurisdictions. Maréchal soon came into conflict with John England, the first bishop of Charleston. England kept pressing Maréchal to call a provincial counsel to discuss church problems in the United States, but Maréchal refused. He felt that England was intruding into the affairs of the other suffragan dioceses of the archdiocese.
In 1822, at Maréchal's request, the Vatican designated St. Mary's Seminary as a pontifical university, giving it the authority to grant Doctor of Divinity degrees. After returning to Baltimore from a trip to Canada in 1826, Maréchal went to Mount Saint Mary's Seminary in Emmitsburg, Maryland on a visit. While at the seminary, he experience his first symptoms of chest dropsy (heart failure).
Death and legacy.
With Maréchal gravely ill, the Vatican on January 8, 1828, appointed Reverend James Whitfield as coadjutor archbishop of Baltimore to assist him. Ambrose Maréchal died at age 63 on January 29, 1828, in Baltimore. His body is interred in the crypt of the Baltimore Basilica; his heart is in the Historical Seminary Chapel of the St. Mary's Spiritual Center &amp; Historic Site in Baltimore, the original St Mary's Seminary campus.
Works.
Maréchal's writings consist almost entirely of scholarly letters and documents.

</doc>
<doc id="7024733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024733" title="Captain Red Ass">
Captain Red Ass



</doc>
<doc id="7024734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024734" title="Harry Swinney">
Harry Swinney

Harry Leonard Swinney (born April 10, 1939) is an American physicist noted for his contributions to the field of nonlinear dynamics.
Personal life.
Harry Leonard Swinney was born in Opelousas, Louisiana, on April 10, 1939. His parents were Leonard R. Swinney and Ethel Bertheaud Swinney. In 1967 Harry Swinney married Gloria T. Luyas, and in 1978 they had a son, Brent Luyas Swinney. Brent died of cancer in 1995 and Gloria died of cancer in 1997. Harry Swinney married Lizabeth Kelley on August 12, 2000.
Education.
Swinney attended elementary school in Austin, Texas, and in 1957 graduated from Homer Louisiana High School. In 1961 he was awarded a B.S. with honors in physics by Southwestern at Memphis (now Rhodes College), where he was inspired by his physics professor and research mentor, Jack H. Taylor. In 1968 he was awarded a Ph.D. in physics by Johns Hopkins University; his advisor was Herman Z. Cummins.
Career.
Swinney was an assistant professor of physics at New York University (1971–73) and was associate professor and then professor at the City College of the City University of New York (1973–78). Since 1978 Swinney joined the faculty of the University of Texas at Austin, where he became the Sid W. Richardson Foundation Regents Chair of Physics and director of the Center for Nonlinear Dynamics. He became a Professor Emeritus in 2018.
Honors.
Swinney is a member of the National Academy of Sciences (1992) and a fellow of the American Physical Society (1977), the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1991), the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1999), and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (2009). He was awarded the American Physical Society Fluid Dynamics Prize (1995), the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics Jürgen Moser Prize (2007), the European Geosciences Union Richardson Medal (2012), and the Boltzmann Medal (2013) of the Commission on Statistical Physics of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics. He was a Guggenheim Fellow (1983–84) and he was inducted into The Johns Hopkins University Society of Scholars (1984). He was awarded honorary doctoral degrees by Rhodes College (2002), The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (2008), and the University of Buenos Aires (2010).
Research contributions.
Swinney conducts research on instabilities, chaos, and pattern formation in diverse systems, including fluid, chemical, and granular media. Swinney together with his students, postdocs, and other collaborators have: 
Other.
Swinney, together with Rajarshi Roy and Kenneth Showalter, founded a two-week "Hands-On Research School" for early career scientists from developing countries: handsonresearch.org. The schools, sponsored by the International Centre for Theoretical Physics, are described in a 3-minute video here.

</doc>
<doc id="7024740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024740" title="Abbacum">
Abbacum



</doc>
<doc id="7024742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024742" title="Powell High School Powell,Wyoming">
Powell High School Powell,Wyoming



</doc>
<doc id="7024743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024743" title="Man o' War Boulevard">
Man o' War Boulevard

Man o' War Boulevard, named after the racehorse Man o' War, is an almost 17-mile (27 km) urban arterial, circling Lexington, Kentucky to its south. Its western terminus is at US 60 (Versailles Road) / Keeneland Boulevard at Keeneland Race Course's main entrance, from which the highway heads southeast, intersecting with US 68 (Harrodsburg Road), US 27 (Nicholasville Road), and other roads. It then turns east and northeast, intersecting KY 1974 (Tates Creek Road), US 25/US 421 (Richmond Road), and I-75, before ending at US 60 (Winchester Road) at Brighton. The majority of the road is a four-lane divided highway with curbs and sidewalks maintained by the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government, but the 1.429-mile (2.300 km) portion east of I-75 is maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet as Supplemental Road Kentucky Route 1425 (KY 1425), and only carries two lanes.
History.
The idea of an outer southern bypass of Lexington first appeared in Lexington city plans in the 1930s as Tiverton Way. However, construction did
not begin on the road until 1973. The following year, the road was renamed Man o' War Boulevard. The first stretch of Man o' War, between US 25/US 421(Richmond Road) and Palumbo Drive, opened as a two-lane road in 1975. In 1979, the highway was completed between Mount Tabor Road, now known as Alumni Drive, and Armstrong Mill Road. By November 1983, it was completed to KY 1974 (Tates Creek Road) and extended to US 27 (Nicholasville Road) one year later. In January 1985, Man o' War had been extended to Bold Bidder Drive and work was beginning on a segment to extend the road to KY 1927 (Liberty Road / Todds Road).
By 1986, it stretched from US 68 (Harrodsburg Road) to Armstrong Mill Road, a distance of a little over 10 miles (16 km). The entire facility was four-lanes divided by a raised grass median, except for the segment from Palumbo Drive to the terminus at Armstrong Mill Road, where it was two-lanes with turning lanes on four-lane right-of-way; that portion of Man o' War was widened in 1987 for $3.3 million.
The 2.4 mile (4 km) section from Armstrong Mill Road to Interstate 75 would be one of the costliest segments of the highway to be constructed, as it would feature an interchange at the interstate that was projected to cost $8.2 million. The right-of-way purchase from Palumbo Drive to Interstate 75 began in August 1986; construction was completed two years later. The alignment chosen followed south of KY 1927 east of Armstrong Mill Road, then cross to the north side of Bryant Road and interchange with Interstate 75 approximately 200 feet north of the Bryant Road overpass.
The completion of the final segment of the seven total signaled the end of road work along Man o' War Boulevard. It was completed at a cost of $45 million, and was jointly constructed by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet and the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government.
When Man o' War Boulevard opened, it featured a 50 mph (80 km/h) speed limit and only a handful of traffic lights. With the southward expansion of suburban development since the 1980s, the number of traffic lights has dramatically increased. It now hosts a 45 mph (70 km/h) speed limit for most of its length, with the exception of KY 1968 (Parkers Mill Road) west to its western terminus.
From KY 1927 (Liberty Road / Todds Road) east to I-75, Man o' War Boulevard paralleled and replaced the existing KY 1425 (Bryant Road). The 0.987 miles (1.588 km) of KY 1927 west of I-75 were transferred to the county on July 6, 1990. Since then, the KYTC has renamed its remaining portion of Bryant Road to Man o' War Boulevard, but it remains a Supplemental Road, the lowest class of state highway, despite its increased importance.
Perceived problems.
Dissatisfaction with Man o' War has been widespread in Lexington almost from the road's completion, despite its undeniable usefulness in connecting the rapidly growing suburban areas of southern Lexington to Interstate 75. Common complaints are the number of traffic lights, the presence of high curbs, and the lack of breakdown lanes to prevent stalled or wrecked vehicles from blocking traffic.
Scotty Baesler, who was mayor of Lexington during most of the construction phase, argued in a 2007 interview with the city's daily newspaper, the "Lexington Herald-Leader", that much of this criticism was either unfair or the result of misconceptions. For example, he pointed out that Man o' War was not designed as a limited access freeway like the city's inner beltway, New Circle Road, a highway to which many unfavorably compare Man o' War—it was intended as an urban arterial. He also added,
David Uckotter, who was the engineering director for the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government during the road's construction, also noted that Man o' War had to be designed and built around numerous subdivisions that were sprouting throughout south Lexington in that era. He indicated that this dictated a 120-foot right-of-way, which left no room for breakdown lanes. Uckotter also added that at the time Man o' War was proposed, plans were on the table for a southern beltway similar to New Circle Road outside Man o' War, hugging the border between Lexington and Jessamine County. These plans were dropped in the early 1980s, leaving Man o' War as Lexington's only circumferential road outside New Circle, which Uckotter contends has contributed to current problems with Man o' War.

</doc>
<doc id="7024752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024752" title="Virginia State Highway 262">
Virginia State Highway 262



</doc>
<doc id="7024758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024758" title="Willigis of Mainz">
Willigis of Mainz



</doc>
<doc id="7024760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024760" title="Czech Hydrometeorological Institute">
Czech Hydrometeorological Institute

The Czech Hydrometeorological Institute (CHMI; ) is the central state office of the Czech Republic in the fields of air quality, meteorology, climatology and hydrology. It is an organization established by the Ministry of the Environment of the Czech Republic. The head office and centralized workplaces of the CHMI, including the data processing, telecommunication and technical services, are located at the Institute's own campus in Prague.
History.
The National Meteorological Institute was established in 1919 shortly after Czechoslovakia was established at the end of World War I. On 1 January 1954, the National Meteorological Institute was united with the hydrology service and the Czech Hydrometeorological Institute was established. Its charter was amended in 1994 and in 1995 by the Ministry of the Environment of the Czech Republic.
Structure.
The CHMI is made up of three specialized sections (meteorology and climatology section, hydrology section, and air quality section) with two support sections (finance and administration and Information technology (IT) section), and finally, the director section.
In addition to the central office in Prague-Komořany, the CHMI has a regional offices (branches) in six other Czech cities, not all sections are represented in each branch. Those other offices are in Brno, Ostrava, Plzeň, Ústí nad Labem, Hradec Králové, and České Budějovice.
Air pollution dispersion modelling activities.
The Air Quality division has seven departments:
The work of the Modelling and Expertise Pool department is focused upon: the development of air pollution dispersion models; the application of such models in the preparation of expert reports and opinions; forecasts of air quality control; the processing of operating information on pollutant concentrations obtained by the Airborne Monitoring section.
The SYMOS97 air pollution dispersion model was developed at the CHMI. It models the dispersion of continuous, neutral or buoyant plumes from single or multiple point, area or line sources. It can handle complex terrain and it can also be used to simulate the dispersion of cooling tower plumes.

</doc>
<doc id="7024761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024761" title="Dominican Nuns of the Perpetual Rosary">
Dominican Nuns of the Perpetual Rosary

The Dominican Nuns of the Perpetual Rosary are a religious institute founded in 1880 in Calais, France, by Father Damien-Marie Saintourens, Mother Rose of Saint Mary Werhle and Mother Mary Imelda Gauthier, all of them from the Order of the Preachers (Dominican Order).
The nuns of the Order of Preachers, known as Dominican, came into being when Saint Dominic of Guzmán gathered Albigensian women converts to the Catholic Faith in the Monastery of Our Lady of Prouille, France, in 1206. This occurred ten years before his Friars Preachers were approved in 1216 by Pope Honorius III. These nine women, free for God alone, Dominic associated with his "holy preaching" by their prayer and penance. He entrusted them as part of the same apostolic Order to the fraternal concern of his sons. (LCM) The Order of Friars Preachers is known from the beginning to have been instituted especially for worldwide preaching and salvation of souls.
The first American Perpetual Rosary monastery was established at the Blue Chapel, Union City, New Jersey, in 1891.
In 1896, six of the sisters left Union City to build a convent in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 
The Milwaukee community is cloistered and is referred to as the Dominican Sisters of the Perpetual Rosary, and is still in operation. The sisters originated the Archdiocesan Marian Shrine, which was later sold to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee.
In 1919, fifteen sisters led by Mother Mary Imelda Gauthier, O.P., left Union City to found the Monastery of Our Lady of the Rosary in Summit, New Jersey.
The Dominican, Cloistered, Contemplative Nuns of the Perpetual Rosary monastery was founded by the one in Catonsville, Maryland (now closed). On June 10, 1925, Mother Mary of the Crown, O.P., as Prioress, together with eight other Sisters began a new house in South Enola, close to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Later in 1946, the Union City Monastery sent six Sisters to help out as vocations were slow in coming, due to the remoteness of the area. Because of structural deficiencies, a new monastery was built in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, in 1952. Under the direction of the Most Reverend George L. Leech, Bishop of Harrisburg, it was dedicated to the Immaculate Heart of Mary, appointing Mother Mary of the Immaculate Heart, O.P. as Prioress.
On August 17, 1944, Mother Mary Dominic, O.P. and Mother Mary of the Child Jesus, O.P. of the Catonsville, Maryland monastery founded the Dominican Monastery of St. Jude in Marbury, Alabama. Originally acclaimed as the first interracial cloister in the United States, today the community is no longer unique in this regard, but after becoming Dominican Nuns maintains the Perpetual Rosary heritage and the great love for the Divine Office (see Liturgy of the Hours, Dominican Rite) of the Perpetual Rosary co-foundress, Mother Rose of Saint Mary Werhle, O.P.
Based on the appeals made by the Blessed Virgin Mary in Cova da Iria, in 16 June 1954 was also founded the Monastery Pius XII in Fátima, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="7024764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024764" title="Maxwell McCombs">
Maxwell McCombs

Maxwell E. McCombs (December 3, 1938 – September 8, 2024) was an American journalism scholar known for his work on political communication. He was the Jesse H. Jones Centennial Chair in Communication Emeritus at the University of Texas at Austin. He is particularly known for developing the agenda setting theory of mass media with Donald Lewis Shaw. In a 1972 paper, McCombs and Shaw described the results of a study they conducted testing the hypothesis that the news media have a large influence on the issues that the American public considers important. They conducted the study while they were both working at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The resulting paper, "The Agenda-Setting Function of Mass Media", has since been described as "a classic and perhaps the most cited article in the field of mass communication research in the past 35 years." McCombs has been described as, along with Shaw, "one of the two founding fathers of empirical research on the agenda-setting function of the press."
Background.
McCombs was born in Birmingham, Alabama on December 3, 1938, and died in Austin, Texas on September 4, 2024, at the age of 85.
Honors and awards.
McCombs and Shaw were jointly awarded the 2011 Helen Dinerman Award of the World Association for Public Opinion Research. In 2014, McCombs received the Silver Medal from the University of Navarra in Spain, where he has been a visiting professor from 1994. With Shaw, he has also received the Murray Edelman Award from the American Political Science Association.

</doc>
<doc id="7024767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024767" title="African Queen (boat)">
African Queen (boat)

African Queen (also known as S/L Livingstone) was the name of two boats used in the 1951 movie "The African Queen" starring Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn. It was filmed in the Belgian Congo on a tributary of the Congo River, and on the Nile in the Murchison Falls National Park in Uganda. Two boats were used, one in each location. One of the boats is now located in Key Largo, Florida, and on February 18, 1992, was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The other is located in Jinja, Uganda.
History.
The Congo boat.
This "African Queen" was a 30-foot steam boat built of riveted sheet iron in 1912 in the United Kingdom for service in Africa on the Victoria Nile and Lake Albert where the movie was filmed in 1950. Originally named "Livingstone", she was built for the British East Africa Railway and used from 1912 to 1968. She spent most of her first 50 years in the waters of the Ruki River in the northern Democratic Republic of Congo where she was used to transport hunters, mercenaries, and cargo.
According to an article on its 2012 restoration, the boat was built by Lytham Shipbuilding and Engineering Co., as evidenced by the boiler plate and Lancashire records.
The boat was found in Cairo, Egypt in the 1970s, with coal still in its bilges. Purchased and shipped to the United States, she has had a succession of owners and is currently held in trust. The boat was refurbished in 2012, including installation of an interior steel hull frame and new boiler, and restored to service as a tourist boat.
The Nile boat.
The other "African Queen" was built in 1950 for the film and was discovered by Yank Evans, a Patagonian mechanical engineer who had come across what was left of the vessel while working on the roads in Murchison Falls National Park, Uganda in 1984. "Yank came across a carcass of a steel boat, in the bushes there just left to rot. He asked the locals what this was and they said well that's the "African Queen". So he bought it off the National Parks for $1." Evans, who had worked on the boat with his son Billy and gave her a steam engine then stored the boat when he moved to Kenya in 1997 and her new home became a trailer in the garden.
Cam McLeay purchased the Nile "African Queen" after hearing her story and set to finishing the restorations and getting the boat's original steam engine functioning and in the water. McLeay and his team rebuilt the "African Queen"'s century-old Brady steam engine and replating the hull and replacing over 100 pipes, sourcing parts mostly from the UK but also from within Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="7024769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024769" title="State Route 287 (Virginia)">
State Route 287 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7024773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024773" title="Bitruncated 600-cell">
Bitruncated 600-cell



</doc>
<doc id="7024776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024776" title="Yves Prin">
Yves Prin

Yves Prin (born 3 June 1933) is a French composer and conductor of classical music.
Life.
Prin was born on 3 June 1933 in Sainte-Savine. He studied piano with Yves Nat and conducting with Louis Fourestier at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris where he won several first prizes.
He started his career as a pianist, but upon meeting Bruno Maderna (assistant at the Mozarteum, Salzburg from 1968 to 1969), decided to turn towards conducting. This association with the Italian maestro was the reason for his final decision to dedicate his work mostly to contemporary music.
Prin was subsequently guest conductor of the orchestras of the Residentie (The Hague) and of Haarlem in the Netherlands (1968–1973), then music director of the Orchestre Philharmonique des Pays de la Loire (1970–1974), of the Atelier Lyrique du Rhin (1974–1980) and of the Nouvel Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France (1981–1982). He worked at Ircam of Pierre Boulez in Paris for the composer's cursus in 1978. He has recorded more than a dozen records (Etcetera, REM, Adès, Salabert Actuel, MFA, Accord) and conducted many pieces by composers from all over the world: from Claudio Monteverdi, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Franz Schubert, Maurice Ravel, Claude Debussy, to Iannis Xenakis, Mauricio Kagel, Luciano Berio, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Bruno Maderna. He has premiered operas by Georges Aperghis, François-Bernard Mâche, Ahmed Essyad, Michaël Levinas, Paul Méfano, Philippe Hersant, Henri Pousseur, Maurice Ohana, Claude Prey, André Boucourechliev and has led revivals of many others.
He was in charge of coordination for contemporary music and music theater for Radio France from 1983 to 1986. From 1983 to 1999 he was the producer at Radio France for the contemporary music concert series &lt;Musique au Présent&gt;, &lt;Musiques en Perspectives&gt; and &lt;Musique du XXe Siècle&gt;.
In addition, from 1992 to 1999, he was acting producer of Radio France's Festival &lt;Présences&gt;, which features first performances.
Prin pursues a parallel career as composer (published in particular by Editions Durand). He developed his own dramatic language and has a special lyrical vision of music. His catalogue includes today forty works including 5 concertos and 41 melodies divided into several cycles. Since 1999 Prin has dedicated himself to his own music and to his performing activities as a pianist and a conductor.
He has received the Prix Florent-Schmitt de l'Académie des Beaux-Arts (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="7024782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024782" title="Autism and blindness">
Autism and blindness



</doc>
<doc id="7024795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024795" title="Virginia State Highway 311">
Virginia State Highway 311



</doc>
<doc id="7024804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024804" title="Harry swinney">
Harry swinney



</doc>
<doc id="7024814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024814" title="Walter Willett">
Walter Willett

Walter C. Willett (born June 20, 1945) is an American physician and nutrition researcher. He is the Fredrick John Stare Professor of Epidemiology and Nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health and was the chair of its department of nutrition from 1991 to 2017. He is also a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School.
Willett is the principal investigator of the second Nurses' Health Study (NHS2 or NHS II), a compilation of studies regarding the health of older women and their risk factors for major chronic diseases. He has published more than 1,500 scientific articles regarding various aspects of diet and disease and is the second most cited author in clinical medicine.
Willett is perhaps best known for his 2001 book "Eat, Drink, and Be Healthy" and the ensuing controversy over it. The book presents nutritional information and recommendations based on what was then the consensus of nutrition scientists, and is critical of many misconceptions about diet and nutrition, including ideas presented by guidelines from American organizations such as the USDA. Willett is frequently quoted by the media in articles regarding nutrition.
In 2016, Semantic Scholar AI program included Willett on its list of top ten most influential biomedical researchers.
Influence on Harvard meal plans and cafeterias.
Willett has been actively involved in helping Harvard University food services to update their offerings along current nutritional guidelines. While his work has influenced the menu choices, students and Willett have noted that the menus still have a long way to go to reflect the currently available nutrition science.
Dispute with Katherine Flegal.
Willett has been a high-profile critic of research into the so-called "obesity paradox" posited by, among others, American epidemiologist Katherine Flegal and her colleagues at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Center for Health Statistics, going so far as to call it a "pile of rubbish ... No one should waste their time reading it." In 2013, the journal "Nature" ran an editorial rebuking Willett for the style and manner of his criticism, saying it misrepresented the complexity of the science involved and used inappropriate language in doing so.
In 2021, Flegal published an article in the journal "Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases" accusing Willett and some of his Harvard School of Public Health colleagues of being part of "an aggressive campaign that included insults, errors, misinformation, social media posts, behind-the-scenes gossip and maneuvers, and complaints to her employer." Flegal wrote that the goal Willett and his allies "appeared to be to undermine and discredit her work," and that, "The controversy was something deliberately manufactured, and the attacks primarily consisted of repeated assertions of preconceived opinions." Flegal also questioned Willett's competence to criticize her team's statistical research, as he "was not a statistician and had no expertise in estimating the number of deaths associated with obesity."
Reception.
A 2013 article in "The Boston Globe" described Willett as the "world's most influential nutritionist".
Willett's book "Eat, Drink, and Be Healthy" received a high-score at Red Pen Reviews who concluded that it "provides solid science backed advice without much hype. The dietary advice can be applied to a variety of dietary patterns and preferences. Adoption of the advice is likely to lead to improved health outcomes." John Swartzberg and Sheldon Margen positively reviewed the book in the "American Journal of Epidemiology", describing it as "one of the few books on nutrition and health written for the lay public that is based on a careful and thoughtful analysis of (of all things) science!".

</doc>
<doc id="7024821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024821" title="Willard Parker">
Willard Parker

Willard Parker (born Worster Van Eps; February 5, 1912 - December 4, 1996) was an American film and television actor. He starred in the TV series "Tales of the Texas Rangers" (1955–1958).
Biography.
Parker was born in New York City. Some sources report his birth name as Worcester. He was a meter reader and a tennis pro. While working as the latter in Hollywood he was spotted by Zeppo Marx, then working as an agent. Marx arranged a screen test and he signed a contract with Warner Bros. He changed his name to "Willard Parker".
Warner Bros.
Parker signed to Warner Bros in the late 1930s. He made his debut with an uncredited bit in the Dick Foran Western, "The Devil's Saddle Legion" (1937). He had small parts in "That Certain Woman" (1937) with Bette Davis; "Back in Circulation" (1937) with Pat O'Brien; the short subject "The Radio Murder Mystery" (1937) with Ronald Reagan; "Alcatraz Island" (1937) with John Litel; "Over the Goal" (1937) with June Travis; "The Adventurous Blonde" (1937) with Glenda Farrell; "Missing Witnesses" (1937) with Litel; and "The Invisible Menace" (1938) with Boris Karloff.
Parker's first notable film role was in "A Slight Case of Murder" (1938) with Edward G. Robinson. He followed it with "Accidents Will Happen" (1938) with Reagan, but then left the studio.
Parker went to Republic Pictures for "The Zero Hour" (1939). At Paramount he had a minor role in "The Magnificent Fraud" (1939).
Broadway.
Parker decided to go to the stage to hone his acting skills. He worked for a stock company then tried Broadway, where he had a role in a hit play "Johnny Belinda" (1940) by Elmer Rice. He then replaced Victor Mature in the cast of the musical "Lady in the Dark" (1941) opposite Gertrude Lawrence. He went with the show when it toured on the road in 1943. This brought him to the attention of executives at Columbia Pictures who signed him to a long-term contract.
Columbia.
Parker was the second male lead in "What a Woman!" (1943), a romantic comedy with Rosalind Russell and Brian Aherne.
His career was interrupted by service with the US Marines. Then when he returned Columbia promoted him to leading man status in the swashbuckler "The Fighting Guardsman" (1946). Then they starred him in a comedy "One Way to Love" (1946); and a Western, "Renegades" (1946).
These films were not particularly successful and Parker went back to being the third lead in "Relentless" (1948), a Western, and in "The Mating of Millie" (1948), he was billed after Glenn Ford, Evelyn Keyes and Ron Randell. Columbia tried him in the lead of a drama, "The Wreck of the Hesperus" (1948).
Universal borrowed him for a support role in "You Gotta Stay Happy" (1948) with Joan Fontaine and James Stewart. Back at Columbia he supported Don Ameche and Dorothy Lamour in the musical "Slightly French" (1949). Universal borrowed him for another support part, this time in the Yvonne De Carlo Western "Calamity Jane and Sam Bass" (1949).
Columbia gave him the lead in some "B"s, "Bodyhold" (1949), as a wrestler, with Lola Albright; and "David Harding, Counterspy" (1950), playing the title role. He played the third lead in the comedy "Emergency Wedding" (1950), supporting Larry Parks and Barbara Hale.
Parker went to Lippert Pictures to make "Bandit Queen" (1950), co-starring with Barbara Britton.
For RKO he did "Hunt the Man Down" (1951) then he made another for Columbia, "My True Story" (1951), playing the male lead under the direction of Mickey Rooney.
Universal used Parker as the third lead in the Western "Apache Drums" (1951). He had support roles in three films for Pine-Thomas Productions, "Caribbean Gold" (1952), "Sangaree" (1953) and "The Vanquished" (1953). He guest-starred on TV in "The Adventures of Ellery Queen" (1952).
Parker returned to leads with the role of Jesse James in "The Great Jesse James Raid" (1953) for Lippert Pictures. He had a small role in "Kiss Me Kate" (1953)at MGM.
Television.
Parker and his wife Virginia Field appeared in "Mr. And Mrs. Trubble" for "Schlitz Playhouse" (1952). That show invited him back for "Twenty-two Sycamore Road" (1953, with Nancy Reagan), "Little War at San Dede" (1954), and "Visitor in the Night" (1955).
He also guest-starred on "Fireside Theatre" in "A Mother's Duty" (1954) and "No Time for Susan" (1955, with his wife), and "The Ford Television Theatre" in "Kiss and Forget" (1953, with his wife), and "The Mumbys" (1955, with his wife). 
Parker was cast as Ranger Jace Pearson in the 52-episode CBS television series, "Tales of the Texas Rangers," which aired from 1955 to 1958. His co-star was Harry Lauter as Ranger Clay Morgan. The series was rerun thereafter on ABC.
Parker starred in a low budget Western for Fox, "Naked Gun" (1956), and "Lure of the Swamp" (1957). He guest-starred in Lee Marvin's NBC crime drama, "M Squad" (1958) then starred in some low budget Westerns, "Lone Texan" (1959), "Young Jesse James" (1960) and "Walk Tall" (1960). He did "Dr Kate" for "Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse" (1960). "Walk Tall" was directed by Maury Dexter who used Parker in "The High Powered Rifle" (1961) and "Air Patrol" (1962).
Later career.
He guest-starred in ABC's religion drama series, "Going My Way", starring Gene Kelly and Leo G. Carroll as Roman Catholic priests in New York City. Parker was cast as Msgr. Joe Giblin in the 1962 episode, "The Crooked Angel."
He had the lead in the British film "The Earth Dies Screaming" (1964) and was one of many names in "Waco" (1966).
Personal life.
Parker was married to Marion Pierce from 1939 to 1951. They had one child. They were divorced and Parker was married to Virginia Field from 1951 until her death in 1992. 
Parker died of a heart attack at the age of 84 in Rancho Mirage in Riverside County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7024824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024824" title="John Bolton (Manx politician)">
John Bolton (Manx politician)

Sir John Brown Bolton (born 1902 - died 11 September 1980) was an English accountant and Manx politician. He served in the Manx parliament for 33 years from 1946 to 1979 and was chairman of the Government Finance Board for over a decade.
Early life and education.
Bolton was born in 1902 in Norfolk, the son of the Rev. Richard and Elizabeth Bolton. He was educated at Hull Grammar School and Keighley Trade and Grammar School in West Yorkshire and later trained as a chartered accountant. 
Career.
Bolton played a prominent role in the politics of Tynwald, serving both as a member of the Legislative Council and the House of Keys. 
From 1967 to 1976, he was also the Island's Chairman of the Finance Board, effectively acting as the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the island. He qualified as a chartered accountant and ran a large accounting firm, and applied his accounting skills in his capacity on the Finance Board. Under his stewardship, the Isle of Man underwent significant economic development in the 1970s. 
In total, he served in some role on the Executive Council of the Isle of Man for a record tenure of 23 years, thereby marking him as one of the most crucial Manx political figures of recent memory. 
Bolton retired as chairman of the Government Finance Board in 1976 and retired from parliament in 1979. In 1978, he became the chair of the Manx subsidiary of S. G. Warburg &amp; Co. 
Personal life and death.
In 1930, Bolton married Mary Smith and the couple had two children. He died on 11 September 1980, aged 79.
Awards and honours.
Bolton was appointed a member of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's New Years Honours of 1973. In 1977, he was also knighted for his contributions to public service.

</doc>
<doc id="7024828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024828" title="Robert Duvell">
Robert Duvell



</doc>
<doc id="7024836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024836" title="Siddhartha deb">
Siddhartha deb



</doc>
<doc id="7024841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024841" title="Yasuhiro Fukushima">
Yasuhiro Fukushima



</doc>
<doc id="7024848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024848" title="Cesamet">
Cesamet



</doc>
<doc id="7024867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024867" title="List of recent Australian warship deployments to the Middle East">
List of recent Australian warship deployments to the Middle East

The Royal Australian Navy has deployed ships to the Middle East over 57 times since 1990. These ships have participated in the 1991 Gulf War, enforced sanctions against Iraq, taken part in the 2003 Invasion of Iraq and provided security for Iraq's oil exports. Since 2009 Australian ships have also been involved in counter piracy operations.
The dates provided are the dates the ship arrived and departed from the Middle East Area of Operations. Please see the Database of Royal Australian Navy Operations 1990–2005 for the dates the ships arrived and departed from Australia. Except where otherwise noted, all ships mainly operated in the Persian Gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="7024876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024876" title="Hello, Dolly! (film)">
Hello, Dolly! (film)

Hello, Dolly! is a 1969 American musical romantic comedy film based on the 1964 Broadway production of the same name, which was based on Thornton Wilder's play "The Matchmaker". Directed by Gene Kelly and written and produced by Ernest Lehman, the film stars Barbra Streisand, Walter Matthau, Michael Crawford, Danny Lockin, Tommy Tune, Fritz Feld, Marianne McAndrew, E. J. Peaker and Louis Armstrong (whose recording of the title tune had been a number-one hit in May 1964).
The film follows the story of Dolly Levi, a strong-willed matchmaker who travels to Yonkers, New York, to find a match for the miserly "well-known unmarried half-a-millionaire" Horace Vandergelder. In doing so, she convinces his niece, his niece's intended, and Horace's two clerks to travel to New York City.
Released on December 16, 1969, by 20th Century-Fox, the film won three Academy Awards: for Best Art Direction, Best Score of a Musical Picture and Best Sound, and was nominated for four other Academy Awards, including Best Picture. Although the film eventually broke even financially, it was not a contemporary commercial success.
Plot.
In 1890, well-known widowed matchmaker Dolly Levi plans to travel to Yonkers, New York. She seeks a wife for Horace Vandergelder, an unmarried "half-a-millionaire". Meanwhile, young artist Ambrose Kemper wants to marry Horace's niece Ermengarde. Horace opposes this, feeling that Ambrose cannot provide financial security.
Horace, who owns Vandergelder's Hay and Feed, plans to travel to New York City to march in the 14th Street Parade and to propose to milliner Irene Molloy, whom he met through Dolly. After arriving in Yonkers, Dolly sends Horace ahead to New York. Before leaving, he tells his clerks, Cornelius Hackl and Barnaby Tucker, to mind the store.
Cornelius, however, decides that he and Barnaby need to get out of Yonkers. Dolly overhears and decides to set them up with Irene and her shop assistant Minnie Fay. Dolly also helps Ambrose and Ermengarde, entering them in a dance contest at the fancy Harmonia Gardens restaurant, which she and her late husband Ephram frequented. The entire company takes the train to New York.
In New York, Irene and Minnie open their hat shop for the afternoon. Irene does not love Horace, but the marriage can provide her with financial security and an escape from her boring job.
Cornelius and Barnaby arrive at the shop, pretending to be rich. When Horace and Dolly arrive, Cornelius and Barnaby hide. Minnie screams when she finds Cornelius hiding in an armoire. Horace is about to open the armoire, but Dolly "searches" it and pronounces it empty. After hearing Cornelius sneeze, Horace storms out, realizing that there are men hiding in the shop but unaware that they are his clerks. Dolly arranges for Cornelius and Barnaby, who are still pretending to be rich, to take the ladies to dinner at Harmonia Gardens, to make up for their humiliation.
The clerks and the ladies attend the Fourteenth Street Association Parade. In a moment alone, Dolly asks for her late husband Ephram's permission to marry Horace, requesting a sign. She resolves to go forward with life. After meeting old friend Gussie Granger on a parade float, Dolly catches up with the annoyed Horace, who is marching in the parade. She says that the heiress Ernestina Simple would be a good match for him and requests that he meet her that evening at Harmonia Gardens.
Because the clerks have no money to hire a carriage, they tell the girls that walking to the restaurant is more stylish. At the Harmonia Gardens restaurant, head waiter Rudolph prepares his crew for Dolly's return. Horace arrives to meet his date, who is really Gussie. She is neither rich nor elegant as Dolly implied, and leaves after being bored by Horace, as she and Dolly had planned.
Cornelius, Barnaby and their dates arrive, unaware that Horace is also there. Dolly shows up and is greeted by the staff. She sits in the now-empty seat at Horace's table, and says that no matter what he says, she will not marry him. Fearful of being caught, Cornelius confesses to the ladies that he and Barnaby are not wealthy.
Irene, who knew all along that they were pretending, offers to pay for the meal. However, Irene realizes that she left her handbag containing all her money at home. The four try to sneak out during the polka contest, but Horace recognizes them, then spots Ermengarde and Ambrose. In the ensuing confrontation, Horace fires the clerks, who are forced to flee as a riot breaks out. Cornelius professes his love for Irene. Horace declares that he would not marry Dolly if she were the last woman on earth.
The next morning, at the hay and feed store, Cornelius and Irene, Barnaby and Minnie, and Ambrose and Ermengarde all come to collect the money that Horace owes to them. Chastened, Horace admits that he needs Dolly, who is unsure about the marriage until Ephram sends her a sign. Cornelius becomes Horace's business partner at the store, and Barnaby fills Cornelius's old position. Horace says that life would be dull without Dolly, and she promises that she will "never go away again".
Musical numbers.
The "Hello, Dolly!" soundtrack album was released on the LP and 8-track tape formats in December 1969. It was released on compact disc in November 1994. Both the LP and compact disc omit selections 1, 3, 10 and 17.
Production.
Filming.
The town of Garrison, New York, specifically the Garrison Landing Historic District around the train station, was the filming site for scenes in Yonkers. In the opening credits, the passenger train is traveling along the Hudson River on rails belonging to Penn Central. Provided by the Strasburg Rail Road, the train is pulled by Pennsylvania Railroad 1223 (now located in the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania), retrofitted to resemble a New York Central &amp; Hudson River locomotive. The locomotive, used in "Put on Your Sunday Clothes", was restored specifically for the film. The Poughkeepsie (Metro-North station) trackside platform was used at the beginning when Dolly is on her way to Yonkers.
The name of Judy Knaiz's character, Ernestina Semple, was changed from the stage version's Ernestina Money.
The church scene was filmed on the grounds of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, but the church's facade was constructed specifically for the film. The New York City scenes were filmed on the 20th Century Fox lot in California. Some of the exteriors still exist. The film was photographed in 65 mm Todd-AO by Harry Stradling.
The film was beset by tension on the set, with Streisand clashing with co-star Matthau and director Kelly. Choreographer Michael Kidd had conflicts with costume designer Irene Sharaff and Kelly, to the point at which he and Kelly were no longer on speaking terms. Tensions came to a head in a heated argument between Streisand and Matthau on June 6, 1968, on a hot day in Garrison on the day after the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy.
Music.
Most of the original Broadway production's score was preserved for the film. However, "Just Leave Everything to Me" and "Love Is Only Love" were not in the stage show. Jerry Herman wrote "Just Leave Everything to Me" specially for Streisand; it effectively replaced "I Put My Hand In" from the Broadway production. However, an instrumental version of parts of "I Put My Hand In" can be heard in the film during the dance competition at the Harmonia Gardens. Herman had written "Love is Only Love" for the stage version of "Mame", but it was cut before its Broadway premiere. It occurs in the story as Mame tries to explain falling in love to her young nephew Patrick. A brief prologue of "Mrs. Horace Vandergelder" was added to the song to integrate it into this film.
Working under the musical direction of Lionel Newman and Lennie Hayton, the very large team of orchestrators included film stalwarts Herbert W. Spencer and Alexander Courage, the original Broadway production arranger Philip J. Lang, making a rare film outing, and established television and pop arrangers Joe Lipman, Don Costa and Frank Comstock. All of the actors did their own singing, except for Marianne McAndrew, whose singing was dubbed by Melissa Stafford for Irene's vocal solos, and Gilda Maiken, when Irene sings with other characters.
Release.
U.S. premieres.
The film premiered in New York at the Rivoli Theatre on December 16, 1969. Production had wrapped more than a year prior, but release was significantly delayed for contractual reasons. A clause in the 1965 film-sale contract specified that the film could not be released until June 20, 1971, or when the show closed on Broadway, whichever came first.
In 1969, the show was still running. Eager to release the film to recoup its cost, Fox negotiated and paid an "early release" escape payment to release the film, which cost Fox an estimated $1–2 million. The following day, the film started 45 roadshow engagements around the United States and Canada, before opening worldwide on December 18, starting in Belgium, the Netherlands, New Zealand and South Africa.
Box office.
The film opened strongly, finishing in third place at the US box office, behind "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" and "Easy Rider" in its opening week, and initially grossed more than "The Sound of Music", but lost momentum and became a disappointment at the box office. It grossed $33.2 million at the box office in the United States, earning a theatrical rental (the distributor's share of the box office after deducting the exhibitor's cut) of $15.2 million, ranking it in the top five highest-grossing films of the 1969–1970 season.
In total, it earned $26 million in theatrical rentals for Fox, against its $25.335 million production budget. Despite performing decently at the box office, the losses worsened. Over the last few decades, however, it has gone substantially into profit due to successful home-video sales, beginning in 1978, when it went "gold" for VHS and Betamax sales at a then-suggested retail price of $69.95 USD.
The soundtrack album's sales also did not live up to expectations, peaking at number 49 on the "Billboard" chart.
Critical reception.
The film received favorable reviews on release, but some critics felt that it was not a success as a musical, with Kelly and Kidd making little use of the widescreen format of the film. Critic Tom Santopietro described their approach as "shoveling more and more bodies on-screen with no apparent purpose".
Vincent Canby in his review for "The New York Times" said that the producer and director "merely inflated the faults to elephantine proportions".
In more recent years, "Hello, Dolly!"'s critical reputation has cooled considerably. It holds a 45% rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 31 reviews, with an average rating of 6/10. The consensus states: "Though Barbra Streisand charms, she's miscast as the titular middle-aged widow in Gene Kelly's sluggish and over-produced final directorial effort."
Eric Henderson of "Slant Magazine" said, "More infamous for bringing Fox financially to its knees than for being the last major musical directed by Gene Kelly, "Hello, Dolly!" is one big-assed bull in a china shop. The film cost nearly as much to produce as "Cleopatra" and made far less at the box office, thus earning the film its reputation as one of Hollywood's foremost turkeys."
Accolades.
Others.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
Home media.
"Hello, Dolly!" was one of the first theatrical films to be released on the new VHS and Betamax home-video formats in fall 1978. It was released on DVD in 2003 and Blu-ray in 2013. It began streaming on Disney+ on May 22, 2020. 

</doc>
<doc id="7024878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024878" title="Papilio cresphontes">
Papilio cresphontes

The eastern giant swallowtail ("Papilio cresphontes") is the largest butterfly in North America. It is abundant through many parts of eastern North America; populations from western North America and down into Panama are now (as of 2014) considered to belong to a different species, "Papilio rumiko". Though it is often valued in gardens for its striking appearance, its larval stage can be a serious pest to citrus farms, which has earned its caterpillars the names orange dog or orange puppy. The eastern giant swallowtail caterpillars possess remarkable camouflage from predators by closely resembling bird droppings. They use this, along with their osmeteria, to defend against predators such as wasps, flies, and vertebrates.
Geographic range.
The eastern giant swallowtail is common across the United States, reaching as far north as southern New England and southern Canada. South of the United States, it is found in parts of Mexico and also found in Jamaica and Cuba. The species was historically considered to occur in the western United States and into South America, but now those populations are treated as a separate species, the western giant swallowtail ("Papilio rumiko"), based largely on DNA evidence.
Habitat.
In the United States, "P. cresphontes" mostly inhabit deciduous forest and citrus orchards. They are only capable of overwintering in Florida and the deep South.
Description.
One of the eastern giant swallowtail's most notable features is its size. Females have an average wingspan of , and up to , while males' average is , and up to .
The wings are black with a horizontal yellow line across the forewings, and a diagonal yellow line across the hindwing. The underside of the wings is yellow with accents of black. A small patch of red on the ventral wing (within the small blue band) allows for distinction from the similar-looking Schaus' swallowtail. Seitz -"P. cresphontes Cr. (7a). Usually considered a slightly different variety of "P. thoas". No cell-spot 
on the forewing; the fifth discal spot projecting further than the sixth. Claspers of the male separate above, 
the anal hook quite short, the lower part of the anal segment likewise quite different from that of "P. thoas"; 
harpe broad, rounded. A common species in eastern North America, occurring as far as Costa Rica in the south and southern Canada in the north; but the insect is a wanderer, which is found only now and then in the northern districts. In the United States it does not extend westward beyond the Mississippi plain, except in the Southern States. Its true home is the region adjoining the Gulf of Mexico. It occurs also on Cuba.
"Papilio cresphontes" is a member of the "Papilio thoas" species group.
Food resources.
Caterpillars.
As well as eating valuable citrus crops, larvae eat a wide variety of plants in the family Rutaceae (citrus plants), including different types of prickly ash and common hoptree. They also consume some exotic Rutaceae species that have been introduced to North America, such as gasplant, rue and sapote.
Feeding specialization.
In specific local subpopulations (studied in Wisconsin, Ohio, and Florida), it was found that eastern giant swallowtail caterpillars do better on their local host plant than on other giant swallowtail host plants. The local host caused the larva to develop faster than other plants that were also edible to the larva. However, this feeding specialization hypothesis has not been tested in the species as a whole beyond these three regions.
Adults.
Nectar plants for adults include "Lantana", Azaleas, "Bougainvilla, Saponaria officinalis", "Hesperis matronalis", "Solidago, Lonicera japonica", and "Asclepias incarnata". Along with flower nectar, adults can also consume liquid from animal waste.
Life history.
Eggs.
Females lay eggs on the tops of the leaves of one of their preferred host plants. This is because the first larval instars are unable to move from plant to plant, so the mother must select an appropriate plant to support them. One egg is lain at a time, as opposed to in clutches. The small egg (1–1.5 mm) is brownish colored, but appears more orange due to a special orange colored secretion.
Caterpillars.
Once emerged from the eggs, there are five larval instars, wherein the larva grow to about 2 inches before pupating. Larvae are mostly nocturnal, feeding at night. Their appearance changes slightly throughout the instars, with the younger ones having setae and the older instars lacking setae. The caterpillars have remarkable camouflage patterns.
Pupation.
Larvae must find a vertical plant, or sometimes a man-made object, to form their chrysalis on, and often they choose the host plant they already occupy. They attach themselves to their substrate of choice and molt to reveal a brown, mottled chrysalis (resembling a bit of dead twig) in which they remain for approximately 10–12 days.
Mating.
Males search for females along set flight paths and near host plants, and mate with females in the afternoon. Male and female then copulate facing away from each other.
Enemies.
Parasites.
Eastern giant swallowtails are most vulnerable to parasites when they are in their chrysalis. Common parasites include flies and wasps such as "Brachymeria robusta", "Pteromalus cassotis", "Pteromalus vanessae", and "Lespesia rileyi".
Protective coloration and behavior.
Larvae have many adaptations to protect themselves from predators.
Coloration.
The caterpillars' intricate coloring patterns are an effective camouflage and defense against both vertebrate and invertebrate predators and parasites. It is thought that the coloration was naturally selected for because of its imitation of bird and lizard droppings. The caterpillar mimics certain droppings based on its habitat and which instar it is. The caterpillars' coloration, particularly the saddle pattern, is also thought to be disruptive coloration. This means the coloration makes it harder for a predator to distinguish the shape of the camouflaged prey, which explains the continuation of this coloration pattern in larger instars that are too large to be mistaken for bird droppings. It has also been hypothesized that the older instars' pattern is meant to be reminiscent of a snake.
Other defensive measures.
When camouflage is not enough, larvae will employ their osmeteria when they are threatened. The osmeterium is an organ behind the head that “inflates” into an orange/red Y-shaped growth that resembles a snake's forked tongue. By the fourth instar, the osmeterium is more than just a startle mechanism and also has bad-smelling and toxic mixture of acidic chemicals. This is only effective on small invertebrate predators, and the caterpillar will try to rub its osmeterium on the predator to deter it. It has been experimentally tested and found that osmeteria are ineffective at deterring predation from birds.
Physiology.
Identifying host plants.
Eastern giant swallowtail butterflies must correctly identify their host plants by antennal sensitivity to the specific volatile compounds in the plants. A study found that antennal response to these volatiles depends upon the concentration of the volatiles, the host plant of origin (whether it is a primary or secondary host), and the sex of the butterfly. This last dependency is thought to be because the females, not the males, must identify the correct host plant for egg laying.
Flight.
Because of the butterfly's notably large wingspan (14 to 18 cm), eastern giant swallowtails are very strong fliers and are able to glide long distances with very few wing beats.
Interactions with humans.
Sometimes referred to as "orange dogs", "orange pups", or "bird poop caterpillars" by farmers, the larva targets all varieties of citrus plants, often causing significant damage to new foliage and younger trees, which they can more thoroughly defoliate. Large mature citrus trees are not generally significantly impacted. Outside of farms, the species is valued for its aesthetic appeal and can also be raised to butterflies successfully at home.
Control.
Biological insecticides, such as "Bacillus thuringiensis", as well as chemical insecticides, are used to protect trees against larvae. Methionine, an essential amino acid in humans, has also been found to be an effective killer of caterpillars, with possible use as a nontoxic pesticide against eastern giant swallowtail larvae.
Effects of climate change.
There has been a northern expansion of the range of the eastern giant swallowtail in recent years, which has been linked to increasingly warm temperatures, and particularly to a lack of September frosts in regions of expansion starting in 2001. Larvae were then able to withstand a few frosts before they pupated. The immediate effects of this warming, as well as their effect on host plants and predators, can explain the giant swallowtail's range expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="7024880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024880" title="Virginia State Highway 353">
Virginia State Highway 353



</doc>
<doc id="7024888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024888" title="Dihovo">
Dihovo

Dihovo () is a village in the municipality of Bitola, North Macedonia located under Baba Mountain, about seven kilometers away from Bitola, the second largest city in the country.
Demographics.
Dihovo is attested in the Ottoman defter of 1467/68 as a village in the vilayet of Manastir. The inhabitants attested largely bore mixed Slavic-Albanian anthroponyms, such as "Pejo" son of "Gerg", "Dabzhiv Gugur", "Dimitri", son of "Grnçar", "Andreja Martin" etc.
In the early 19th century population of Dihovo was populated by Tosks, a subgroup of southern Albanians.
In statistics gathered by Vasil Kanchov in 1900, the village of Dihovo was inhabited by 200 Christian Bulgarians and 260 Muslim Albanians. According to the statistics of Bulgarian Exarchate secretary Dimitar Mishev (as D. M. Brancoff), the village had a total Christian population of 560 in 1905, of which all were Patriarchist Bulgarians. It also had 1 Greek school.
At the outbreak of the Balkan War in 1912, 3 people from Dihovo were volunteers in the Macedonian-Edirne militia. The village remained in Serbia after the Inter-Allied War in 1913.
In 1961 the village had 686 inhabitants.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 310 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Dihovo is a Macedonian village.
In 1951, the families in village were:

</doc>
<doc id="7024894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024894" title="Pleasant Bay, Nova Scotia">
Pleasant Bay, Nova Scotia

Pleasant Bay () is a community on the western coast of Cape Breton Island, on the shore of the Gulf of St. Lawrence in Inverness County, Nova Scotia. The community is located on the Cabot Trail, from Port Hawkesbury. The federal electoral riding is Sydney—Victoria. Pleasant Bay is known as the whale watching capital of Cape Breton and marks the centre of the Cabot trail.
The main industry here is fishing, lobster in spring and snowcrab in the summer. The forest here is home to a variety of birds, fox, coyote, and snowshoe hare. The area is visited by whale watchers from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="7024898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024898" title="Scottish Separatist Group">
Scottish Separatist Group



</doc>
<doc id="7024900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024900" title="Test tube babies">
Test tube babies



</doc>
<doc id="7024902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024902" title="Clora Bryant">
Clora Bryant

Clora Larea Bryant (May 30, 1927 – August 25, 2019) was an American jazz trumpeter. She was the only female trumpeter to perform with Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker and was a member of the International Sweethearts of Rhythm.
Early life.
Bryant was born in Denison, Texas to Charles and Eulila Bryant, the youngest of three children. Her father was a day laborer and her mother was a homemaker who died when Clora was only 3 years old. When Bryant was a young child, she learned to play piano with her brother Mel. As a child, Bryant was a member of the choir in a Baptist church. When her brother Fred joined the military, he left his trumpet, which she learned how to play. In high school she played trumpet in the marching band.
Career.
Bryant turned down scholarships from Oberlin Conservatory and Bennett College to attend Prairie View College in Houston starting in 1943, where she was a member of the Prairie View Co-eds jazz band. The band toured in Texas and performed at the Apollo Theater in New York City in 1944. Her father got a job in Los Angeles, and she transferred to UCLA in 1945. Bryant heard bebop for the first time on Central Avenue.
In 1946 she became a member of the International Sweethearts of Rhythm, an all-female jazz band, earned her union card and dropped out of school. Dizzy Gillespie became her mentor and provided her with work. She joined the black female jazz band the Queens of Swing as a drummer, and went on tour with the band.
In 1951 she worked in Los Angeles as a trumpeter for Josephine Baker and Billie Holiday. Two years later she moved to New York City.
The Queens of Swing performed on television in 1951 as The Hollywood Sepia Tones, in a half-hour variety program on KTLA. They were the first women's jazz group to appear on television. After six weeks the show was dropped due to lack of a sponsor. During filming Bryant was about seven months pregnant. After her daughter's birth she was called onto Ada Leonard's all-girl orchestra show; however, she only stayed for a week after calls demanding to "get that nigger off there". In 1954 she briefly moved to New York because she had lost inspiration from playing in bands.
In 1951, she was a member of an all-female sextet led by Ginger Smock that was broadcast for six weeks on CBS.
Bryant recorded her first and only album, "Gal with a Horn", in 1957 before returning to the life of a traveling musician. She worked often at clubs in Chicago and Denver. In Las Vegas she performed with Louis Armstrong and Harry James. She toured with singer Billy Williams and accompanied him on "The Ed Sullivan Show". During the 1960s and 1970s, she toured around the world with her brother Mel, who was a singer, and they had a TV show in Australia. In 1989 Bryant became the first female jazz musician to tour in the Soviet Union after writing to Mikhail Gorbachev.
After a heart attack and quadruple bypass surgery in 1996, Bryant was forced to give up the trumpet but she continued to sing. She also began to give lectures on college campuses about the history of jazz, co-edited a book on jazz history in Los Angeles titled "Central Avenue Sounds: Jazz in Los Angeles", and worked with children in Los Angeles elementary schools. In 2002, she received a lifetime achievement award (the Mary Lou Williams Women in Jazz Award) from the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. Two years later a documentary about her was released.
In an interview with "JazzTimes", Bryant said, "Nobody ever told me, 'You can't play the trumpet, you're a girl.' Not when I got started in high school and not when I came out to L.A. My father told me, 'It's going to be a challenge, but if you're going to do it, I'm behind you all the way.' And he was."
Personal life and death.
Bryant married bassist Joe Stone in the 1940s and the couple had two children, April and Charles Stone. That marriage ended in divorce. Bryant had two additional children from her relationship with drummer Leslie Milton; Kevin and Darrin Milton.
Bryant died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on August 25, 2019, after suffering a heart attack at home. At the time of her death, she had nine grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="7024909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024909" title="Hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia">
Hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia

Hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia (HSH) is an autosomal recessive genetic disorder that affects the absorption of magnesium in the intestines. It is characterized by reduced reabsorption of magnesium from our diet in the intestines, leading to decreased levels of magnesium in the bloodstream. This, in turn, causes a decrease in the production of parathyroid hormone (PTH) by the parathyroid gland. Consequently, there is a decrease in both PTH and serum calcium levels, resulting in secondary hypocalcemia.
One of the main symptoms of HSH is the occurrence of convulsions and spasms in early infancy. If left untreated, these symptoms can potentially lead to intellectual disability or even death. HSH is primarily caused by mutations in the TRPM6 gene, which plays a crucial role in maintaining the balance of magnesium in the body.
Pathophysiology.
HSH is primarily caused by a reduction in intestinal magnesium reabsorption. Intestinal magnesium reabsorption primarily occurs by membrane transport through the TRPM6 ion channels and is crucial for magnesium homeostasis. TRPM6 is expressed on the part of the cell membrane facing the intestinal lumen on intestinal cells, known as enterocytes. It acts as an ion channel to allow the ions (charged atoms) of magnesium (Mg2+) and calcium (Ca2+) to flow into the cell. It generates “outwardly-rectifying" currents, and as a result a positive charge will then pass more easily in the outward direction, out the cell, than in the inward direction, into the cell. The outward portion of these currents consist of sodium (Na+), while the inward portion is composed of the divalent cations: magnesium and calcium. The entry of sodium ions is blocked by extracellular divalent cations. Additionally, increased levels of intracellular magnesium lead to a decrease in current through TRPM6 channels.
More than 30 mutations in the TRPM6 gene have been identified as being associated with HSH. These mutations are scattered throughout the gene (refer to Table 1). Out of the eight HSH mutations that have been tested, none have been shown to produce whole-cell current. One notable missense mutation, S141L, inhibits coassembly with TRPM7, as well as other TRPM6 subunits, and fails to allow traffic of the channel to the cell membrane. The trafficking ability and coassembly of other mutant forms of TRPM6 have yet to be extensively studied and require further investigation.
While hypomagnesemia in patients with HSH directly results from TRPM6 mutations, hypocalcemia is an indirect and secondary consequence. Decreased serum magnesium levels result to reduced the secretion of parathyroid hormone (PTH) by the parathyroid gland. PTH plays a vital role in regulating serum calcium levels. Decreased levels of PTH result in a decrease in the availability of calcium in the bloodstream, which contributes to the neurological symptoms observed in HSH.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis typically occurs during the first six months of life due to the characteristic neurological symptoms. These symptoms include muscle spasms, tetany, and seizures. Laboratory testing reveals hypomagnesemia (decreased serum magnesium levels), hypocalcemia (decreased serum calcium levels), and little to no measurable PTH levels. Diagnosis is confirmed with these symptoms and can be further solidified with genetic sequencing of the TRPM6 gene.
Treatment.
Treatment of HSH involves administration of high doses of magnesium salts. These salts may be taken orally or otherwise (e.g. subcutaneously). This treatment works by increasing magnesium absorption through the non-TRPM6 mediated paracellular transport pathways. This treatment must be continued throughout life.
History.
HSH was originally believed to be an X-linked disorder due to the preponderance of affected males. With the finding that mutations in TRPM6 (on chromosome 9) are causative for the disorder this is no longer the case. Of recent interest, however, is the characterization of a patient with symptoms similar to HSH who has a translocation of the chromosomes 9 and X.

</doc>
<doc id="7024910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024910" title="Hairy cell leukamia">
Hairy cell leukamia



</doc>
<doc id="7024912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024912" title="Glenville Lovell">
Glenville Lovell

Glenville Lovell is a Barbadian writer, dancer, novelist and playwright.
Lovell was born in a Chattel house in Parish Land, Christ Church, Barbados and grew up around rich storytelling among the sugar cane workers. His first novel, "Fire in the Canes" was published in 1995 and was met with critical acclaim. So too was his second novel, "Song of Night", published in 1998.
Lovell's work as a playwright earned him the 2002 Frank Collymore Literary Award for the Barbados-based "Mango Ripe! Mango Sweet!". Many of his novels and plays have represented Barbados at the Caribbean Festival of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="7024919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024919" title="Direct bank">
Direct bank

A direct bank (sometimes called a branch-less bank or virtual bank) is a bank that offers its services only via the Internet, mobile app, email, and other electronic means, often including telephone, online chat, and mobile check deposit. A direct bank has no branch network. It may offer access to an independent banking agent network and may also provide access via ATMs (often through interbank network alliances), and bank by mail. Direct banks eliminate the costs of maintaining a branch network while offering convenience to customers who prefer digital technology. Direct banks provide some but not all of the services offered by physical banks.
Direct bank transactions are conducted entirely online. Direct banks are not the same as "online banking". Online banking is an Internet-based option offered by regular banks.
In the United States, direct banks are defined as online/branchless institutions with federal banking charters, with either the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as their primary regulator. Many direct banks are insured by the FDIC and offer the same level of protection for the customers' funds as traditional banks, although it is important to verify if this is true. , 27% of banking customers in the United States use a direct (i.e., online-only) bank.
In the United States, direct banks are distinctly different from neobanks. Neobanks are online-only banking providers without federal banking charters, instead providing a website while relying on a partner bank to hold funds. Often, the partner banks will be Durbin exempt. Their customers tend to be younger people who are more price sensitive to bank fees.
History.
One of the world's first direct banks was First Direct, which launched telephone banking in the United Kingdom on 1 October 1989. A subsidiary of the then Midland Bank, it pioneered the concepts of no branches and 24-hour service through a call center. The commercialization of the Internet in the early 1990s was the biggest driver in the creation of fully direct banking models. 
In the 1990s, internet-only banks or "virtual banks" appeared. These banks did not have a traditional banking infrastructure, such as a branch network, a cost-saving feature that allowed many of them to offer savings accounts with higher interest rates and loans with lower interest rates than most traditional banks. However, there was initial consumer hesitation in conducting monetary transactions over the Internet, especially with an entity that they could not deal with face-to-face.
One of the first direct banks in the United States was the Security First Network Bank (SFNB), launched in October 1995, and was the first direct bank to be insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. While SFNB did not make much profit in its initial years, it demonstrated that the concept of direct banking could work.
Some direct banks focused only on online savings accounts, providing higher interest rates than traditional banks for customers who were happy to only have access to their account on the internet. One of the first and most successful adopters of this was ING Direct that launched Tangerine Bank in Canada in 1997, expanding this to the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United States before its owner sold them around 2010.
Asia's first direct bank was finatiQ, a division of the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation (OCBC) of Singapore, launched in April 2000. It was shut down in 2011 and its operations merged into the mainstream banking structure with its parent OCBC saying that "Internet Banking has since become a core part of OCBC Bank's multi-channel strategy – which also encompasses branches, ATMs and Mobile Banking".
The direct bank model was used by many of the challenger banks created in the UK during 2015–2018.

</doc>
<doc id="7024927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024927" title="Culture strike">
Culture strike



</doc>
<doc id="7024929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024929" title="L'Ecole francaise d'Extreme Orient">
L'Ecole francaise d'Extreme Orient



</doc>
<doc id="7024931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024931" title="Dog behaviorist">
Dog behaviorist



</doc>
<doc id="7024937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024937" title="Ecole francaise d'Extreme Orient">
Ecole francaise d'Extreme Orient



</doc>
<doc id="7024938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024938" title="Wright Tower">
Wright Tower

Wright Tower (formerly known as Kaden Tower) is a 15-story office building at 6100 Dutchmans Lane in suburban Louisville, Kentucky. The building opened in 1966 as the headquarters for Lincoln Income Life Insurance Company and was originally named Lincoln Tower. Designed by William Wesley Peters, a student of Frank Lloyd Wright, the building is notable for its cantilevered structure and its suspended lacework facade. A single-story building on the same site and in the same architectural style adjoins the tower. This smaller building which originally housed a branch office of Liberty National Bank and Trust Company is now leased by WBKI-TV. In September 2023, it was renamed to Wright Tower to reflect the historical influence of Frank Lloyd Wright.
Design.
Both buildings' designs are often attributed to Frank Lloyd Wright, but they were actually designed by Wright's protégé and son-in-law William Wesley Peters. Wright's widow, Olgivanna Lloyd Wright, is also cited as an influence. Peters became the head of Wright's architectural firm Taliesin Associated Architects after Wright's death in 1959.
Though Peters had his own style, he collaborated with Wright for more than twenty years. He based the design of the Louisville complex largely on three of Wright's projects, only one of which was actually built. Like the Wright Tower, Wright's never-constructed 1946 sketches for the Sarabhai Calico Mills Store in Ahmedabad, India, had grillwork over the outside windows, a feature that evokes the jali of traditional Mughal architecture. This feature served the dual role of reducing interior solar heat gain while preserving views from interior to exterior (though traditionally jalis also permitted ventilation). Even though Louisville's humid sub-tropical climate has much lower temperatures throughout the year than Ahmedabad's hot semi-arid climate, the exterior cladding still functions as a solar shading device. Peters' design is also evocative of another unbuilt Wright plan, the 40-story Rogers Lacy Hotel. This striking, innovative skyscraper had been commissioned also in 1946 for downtown Dallas, Texas, by oil tycoon Rogers Lacy but was never built due to his untimely death.
Undoubtedly, the one Wright blueprint that Peters incorporated as his biggest source of inspiration was the H.C. Price Company Tower in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. The Price Tower, commissioned in 1952 by another oil businessman, Harold C. Price, opened in 1956 and is one of only two completed tall buildings designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. Peters was a collaborator with Wright on the Price Tower project, so it is not surprising that the Wright and Price buildings have many common components, including their distinctive cantilever design which provides open interior space, free of columns, by suspending the floors from a central core. Both buildings sit on large, landscaped sites, adjacent to similarly styled smaller buildings, are decorated in pastel earthtones, and have somewhat obscured windows.
Like the Calico Mills design, the Wright Tower, when occupied at night, is reminiscent of a Japanese lantern with inside lighting illuminating the grillwork with a soft, yellow glow. During the month of December in the 1970s and early 1980s, transparent color gels were placed on the inside of the windows to form large seasonal symbols when the office lights were left on. Other notable features of the building are several Wright-inspired stained glass windows and a glass elevator system on the building's exterior, surrounded by a low dome that houses the building's air conditioning systems and accented with a reflecting pool and fountain.
The building was constructed between 1965 and 1966 with the Robert E. McKee General Contractor Company of Dallas, Texas serving as the builder. McKee was chosen partly due to his skillful erection of the Wright-designed Grady Gammage Memorial Auditorium in Tempe, Arizona which had been completed a year earlier.
Ownership.
An affiliate of In-Rel Properties acquired the property from Kaden Companies Partnership in 2018. Kaden acquired the building in 1986 and changed its name from the Lincoln Income Life Insurance Tower to the Kaden Tower. After purchasing the tower, Kaden contracted Louisville's Grossman Chapman Klarer Architects and invested $2 million in a renovation of the property. Completed in 1987, the renovation included updated office spaces, auditorium, and a repainted exterior. A subsequent update in 2003 added air conditioning to the exterior elevator system. A Ruth's Chris Steak House restaurant is located on the top floor. The lower floors are all office space.
Adjoining the office building sits The Plaza at Wright Tower, an event venue that holds up to 150 people.

</doc>
<doc id="7024944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024944" title="Ecole francaise d'Extreme-Orient">
Ecole francaise d'Extreme-Orient



</doc>
<doc id="7024964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024964" title="USCGC Duane">
USCGC Duane

USCGC "Duane" (WPG-33/WAGC-6/WHEC-33) (earlier known as the USCGC "William J. Duane") was a cutter in the United States Coast Guard. Her keel was laid on May 1, 1935, at the Philadelphia Navy Yard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was launched on June 3, 1936, as a search and rescue and law enforcement vessel.
The Treasury-class Coast Guard cutters (sometimes referred to as the "Secretary" or 327-foot class) were all named for former Secretaries of the Treasury Department. The cutter "Duane" was named for William J. Duane, who served as the third Secretary of the Treasury to serve under President Andrew Jackson.
At the time of the "Duane's" decommissioning in 1985, she was the oldest active U.S. military vessel; the current oldest, the USCGC Eagle, was also built in 1936 for the German military, but only commissioned into U.S. service in 1946 after being ceded as a war reparation after World War II.
Ship history.
After fitting out, she departed the Philadelphia Navy Yard on October 16, 1936, and arrived at Oakland, California on November 24. She was then assigned to temporary duty in Honolulu, and arrived there on December 9, 1936, to participate in the U.S. colonization efforts of the Line Islands in the Pacific. "Duane" then returned to her permanent homeport of Oakland, arriving on February 25, 1937. For the next two years, she joined the Bering Sea Patrol Force for annual cruises of that area. In mid-1937 her name was shortened to merely "Duane". In September 1939 she was assigned to duty with Destroyer Division 18, conducting neutrality patrols along the Grand Banks (these patrols were known as "Grand Banks Patrols"), as ordered by President Franklin Roosevelt. She departed Oakland on September 7, 1939, and arrived at her new homeport of Boston on September 22, 1939. Here she conducted four Grand Banks patrols, from October through December, 1939, completing her final patrol on January 12, 1940.
World War II.
"Duane" was then assigned to weather patrols in the mid-Atlantic, and also carried out a survey of the western coast of Greenland in mid-1940. In late 1940 she was fitted with additional armaments, receiving anti-aircraft and anti-submarine weapons. On 14 June 1941 she rescued 46 survivors from the British tanker , which had been sunk by . She was assigned to permanent duty with the U.S. Navy on 11 September 1941, and was designated WPG-33. On 1 April 1942 "Duane" was reassigned from weather patrols to convoy escort duty during the battle of the Atlantic.
"Duane" was converted to a combined operations-communications headquarters ship in 1944. Upon completion, she was to have been taken over by the Navy and assigned the hull number AGC-6. However, this plan was dropped and she was retained for Coast Guard service (her designation then became WAGC-6). "Duane" was attached to the Eighth Amphibious Force in the Mediterranean Sea, and took part in "Operation Dragoon", the invasion of southern France, in August 1944. She remained in the Mediterranean until July 1945, when she returned to the United States and reverted to her previous designation WPG-33.
Post-war.
The ocean-weather station program was permanently established by multi-national agreement soon after the end of World War II. The Coast Guard was then assigned the duty of manning those stations for which the U.S. accepted responsibility. As the 327s completed conversion to ocean station vessels, each immediately deployed to their new stations. For most of the next twenty years, "Duane" and her sisters, except which was stationed in the Pacific, alternated duty between weather stations "Charlie" (850 miles northeast of St. John's, Newfoundland), "Bravo" (250 miles northeast of Cape St. Charles, Labrador); "Delta" (located 650 miles southeast of Argentia, Newfoundland); and "Echo" (850 miles east northeast of Bermuda). Sometime later these became known simply as "ocean stations." Although the crew probably considered these patrols boring, they were important to the continued growth and safety of international over-water commercial air flights. On 1 May 1965 all the vessels in her class were re-classified as high endurance cutters and she was redesignated WHEC-33.
Vietnam and after.
On 4 December 1967 "Duane" was assigned to Coast Guard Squadron Three located off the coast of Vietnam, where she served as the flagship for Coast Guard squadron. "Duane" permanently departed Vietnamese waters on July 28, 1968. "Duane" then again returned to ocean station duty but this task was rapidly becoming obsolete. The stations were decommissioned in the early 1970s, having been overtaken by electronic aids to navigation such as LORAN. The mid-1970s were a period of transition for the Coast Guard with the passage of the Fisheries Conservation and Management Act and the nation's shift towards increased interdiction of narcotics smugglers. These operations called for off-shore patrols of up to three weeks.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Duane" left Coast Guard service and was decommissioned on August 1, 1985, as the oldest active U.S. military vessel and was laid up in Boston for the next two years.
"Duane" is now a historic shipwreck near Key Largo, Florida, United States. The cutter was deliberately sunk on November 27, 1987, to create an artificial reef. It is located a mile south of Molasses Reef. On May 16, 2002, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Decorations.
The following decorations were awarded to "Duane" during her service life: 

</doc>
<doc id="7024981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024981" title="José Luis Calderón">
José Luis Calderón

José Luis Calderón (born 24 October 1970) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a striker. He played for 17 years between 1989 and 2006 without winning a trophy, but between the ages of 36 and 39 he won four major championships with three teams.
Nicknamed "Caldera", he is remembered for a 48-metre goal he scored against Boca Juniors in 1999 and for his hat-trick against Estudiantes' derby rivals Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata on 15 October 2006. He retired in 2010, at almost 40 years of age.
Club career.
After a promising spell in the youth system of Defensores de Cambaceres, he was transferred to Estudiantes de La Plata, the team he supported as a child, in 1992. His scoring helped the team return from relegation in 1994. Later, he played for Independiente for a year and Italian side S.S.C. Napoli during the 1997–98 season. He returned to Independiente for two years and then moved to Mexico to play with América and Atlas.
Calderón has had multiple spells with Estudiantes, Independiente and Arsenal de Sarandí. He did not win any major honours until late in his career, winning the 2006 Apertura with Estudiantes and the 2007 Copa Sudamericana with Arsenal.
In July 2008 he rejoined Estudiantes for the third time in his career. He was runner-up with the team in the 2008 Copa Sudamericana, and was part of the squad that won the 2009 Copa Libertadores, where he was used exclusively as a substitute.
On 25 November 2009, Calderón announced his retirement from professional football at the age of 39. He explained that his decision came after coach Alejandro Sabella informed him that he was not being considered for the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup. Sabella denied that this was indeed the case.
On 4 January 2010, Calderón announced that Argentinos Juniors coach Claudio Borghi convinced him to return to football, after a brief retirement from the game. In an article, Calderón stated, "El Bichi (Borghi) has given me the chance to retire from within a football field". He agreed to play for Argentinos for six months and then possibly retire.
Calderón was one of the key players in the Argentinos' team that won the 2010 Clausura championship. He played in 18 of the club's 19 games and scored 3 goals during their championship-winning campaign. He also assisted Matías Caruzzo in a vital 93rd-minute winner goal against Independiente in the penultimate fixture of the campaign.
After winning the 2010 Clausura, Calderón played one last professional game with his first team, Defensores de Cambaceres, in which he scored one last goal from a penalty kick.
International career.
Calderón only had a brief interlude with the Argentina national team. He played in the 1999 Copa América, but a fight with the then coach Marcelo Bielsa diminished his chances of ever playing for the national team again.
Personal life.
Calderón's son Lucas is a professional footballer.
Honours.
Estudiantes LP
Arsenal de Sarandí
Argentinos Juniors
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7024993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024993" title="Mail banking">
Mail banking

Mail banking is a service provided by a financial institution which allows its customers to deposit cheques into their account by mail. It is primarily used by virtual banks (as they may not offer branches or ATMs that accept deposits) and by customers who live too far from a branch. Typically, the institution that advertises such a service will provide its own business reply mail envelopes as a courtesy.

</doc>
<doc id="7024995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7024995" title="Curt Davis">
Curt Davis

Curtis Benton Davis (September 7, 1903 – October 12, 1965) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. Even though he did not reach the big leagues until he was 30, the right-hander was a two-time National League All-Star over a 13-year career spread among the Philadelphia Phillies (1934–1936), Chicago Cubs (1936–1937), St. Louis Cardinals (1938–1940) and Brooklyn Dodgers (1940–1946).
The Greenfield, Missouri, native had quite a list of accomplishments, including winning 19 games as a rookie, 22 games in 1939, eleven double-digit victory seasons, and pitching in the 1941 World Series. He had excellent control, leading the NL in BB/9IP in 1938 and 1941, and finishing in the top ten in the league ten times.
Career.
Nicknamed "Coonskin”, Davis stood tall and weighed . He began his career in professional baseball in 1928 at the age of 24 with the Salt Lake City Bees of the Class C Utah–Idaho League, and promptly won 16 of 30 decisions. The following year, he jumped all the way to the top minor-league level as a member of the San Francisco Seals of the Pacific Coast League. In five seasons in San Francisco, he won 90 games and lost 77. Then he was selected on October 2, 1933, by the Phillies in that year's Rule 5 draft.
As a rookie in , he won 19 games (losing 17) for a Phillies club that won only 56 of 149 games—accounting for 34 percent of the club's victories. The following year, he went 16–14 for another futile Phillies team. His fortunes improved when, in May 1936, he was acquired by the first-division Cubs, for whom he went 21–14 in 52 games over a season and a half and made the All-Star team. Appearing in that season's Midsummer Classic, played at Braves Field, Boston, Davis entered the contest in the seventh inning with his side ahead, 4–0. But he gave up a home run to Lou Gehrig, the first batter he faced, and singles to Baseball Hall of Famers Goose Goslin, Jimmie Foxx and Luke Appling; he retired two other Hall of Famers, Earl Averill and Bill Dickey, but had to be relieved by Lonnie Warneke with the National League margin cut to only one run. Warneke nailed down the save, however, and the NL hung on to win, 4–3.
On April 16, 1938, he was one of the Cubs' players who were involved in the trade that brought future Hall of Fame pitcher Dizzy Dean from the Cardinals; the Cubs won the National League pennant, but Davis would enjoy a stellar campaign in St. Louis, going 22–16 (3.63) and finishing third in the Senior Circuit in wins and saves and fifth in shutouts. He made the NL All-Star squad for a second time.
Then, the following year, on June 12, 1940, he was traded to Brooklyn with future Hall of Fame slugger Joe Medwick for four players and $125,000, in one of the highest-profile transactions of the baseball season. He won 13 games in as the Dodgers captured their first pennant since 1920. Then he started Game 1 of the 1941 World Series against the New York Yankees, surrendering six hits and three earned runs in 5 innings pitched. He was charged with the 3–2 Brooklyn defeat in what would be his only World Series appearance.
In , Davis almost pitched the Dodgers to their second successive National League title. He won 15 of 21 decisions, posted a 2.36 earned run average, third in the NL, and led the Brooklyn staff with five shutouts. But the Cardinals overcame the Dodgers in a furious pennant race, and Davis' club finished out of the postseason. He remained a Dodger throughout the World War II era, winning ten games during each of the – seasons. After pitching one game in (on April 28), he was released by Brooklyn three days later.
Career totals for his 429 games pitched include a 158–131 record, 281 games started, 141 complete games, 24 shutouts, 111 games finished, 33 saves, and an ERA of 3.42 in 2,325 innings pitched. Other top ten rankings for Davis include wins (four times), winning percentage (four times), ERA (four times), H/9IP (three times), WHIP (five times), shutouts (five times), saves (five times), games finished (once), and oldest player (five times).
An excellent hitter for a pitcher, Davis had a .203 career batting average (165-813) with 70 runs, 11 home runs and 81 RBI. He hit .300 (12-40) with the Cubs in 1937 and .381 (40-105) with 17 RBI with the Cardinals in 1939.
Davis died at the age of 62 in Covina, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7025009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025009" title="Athens, Los Angeles, California">
Athens, Los Angeles, California



</doc>
<doc id="7025018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025018" title="Whistling dove">
Whistling dove

The whistling dove (Ptilinopus layardi), also known as the whistling fruit dove, velvet dove or yellow-headed dove, is a small fruit dove from Fiji. The species is endemic to the islands of Kadavu and Ono in the Kadavu Group in the south of Fiji.
Taxonomy.
The whistling dove is the most primitive of the "golden doves", a small subgroup of the genus "Ptilinopus" which includes two other small Fijian fruit doves, the golden fruit dove and the orange fruit dove. The group was once split into its own genus, "Chrysoenas".
Description.
The whistling dove is a small dove () that is sexually dimorphic in its velvety plumage. The plumage of the male is dark green with a yellow head and undertail coverts, the female lacks the yellow plumage. They are difficult to see in the forest canopy, but can be found due to their distinctive call, a clear rising whistle followed by a falling 'tinkle'.
Behaviour.
Feeding.
The species feeds on fruits in the forest canopy.
Breeding.
The breeding of this species has not been studied much. A nest described in 1982 was a 'loose thin platform' constructed with twig-like vines above the ground. A single nestling was described. Only the female took care of the young. If this pattern of parental care is widespread in the golden dove group to which the whistling dove belongs, it represents an unusual adaption within the pigeon family. This difference in the levels of parental care was suggested as an explanation of the sexual dimorphism in the golden doves.
Conservation.
The whistling dove is considered near threatened by the IUCN. The species is currently common in the forests of Kadavu and Ono, with an estimated population of 10,000 birds. However it has a restricted range and it is declining due to habitat loss.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7025032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025032" title="Velvet Dove">
Velvet Dove



</doc>
<doc id="7025037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025037" title="List of awards and nominations received by The Daily Show">
List of awards and nominations received by The Daily Show

This is a list of the awards won by the satirical news program "The Daily Show".
British Academy Television Awards.
The British Academy Television Awards is an annual award show presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. The awards were founded in 1947 as The British Film Academy, by David Lean, Alexander Korda, Carol Reed, Charles Laughton, Roger Manvell and others.
Critics' Choice Television Awards.
The Critics' Choice Television Awards is an annual accolade bestowed by the Broadcast Television Journalists Association in recognition of outstanding achievements in television, since 2011. "The Daily Show" has won three awards from a total of seven nominations.
Directors Guild of America Awards.
The Directors Guild of America Award is an annual accolade bestowed by the Directors Guild of America in recognition of outstanding achievements in film and television directing, since 1938. "The Daily Show" has been nominated for eleven awards.
Emmy Awards.
Awarded since 1949, the Primetime Emmy Award is an annual accolade bestowed by members of the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences recognizing outstanding achievements in American prime time television programming. Awards presented for more technical and production-based categories (like art direction, casting, and editing) are designated "Creative Arts Emmy Awards." "The Daily Show" has won twenty-four awards from a total of sixty-four nominations.
GLAAD Media Awards.
The GLAAD Media Awards were created in 1990 by the Gay &amp; Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation to "recognize and honor media for their fair, accurate and inclusive representations of the LGBT community and the issues that affect their lives." "The Daily Show" has received two awards from four nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the music industry. Often considered the highest music honour, the awards were established in 1958. "The Daily Show" has received two awards.
Peabody Awards.
The George Foster Peabody Awards or simply Peabody Awards is named after American businessman and philanthropist George Peabody, which recognizes distinguished and meritorious public service by American radio and television stations, networks, online media, producing organizations, and individuals. "The Daily Show" has received three awards.
Television Critics Association Awards.
The TCA Award is an annual accolade bestowed by the Television Critics Association in recognition of outstanding achievements in television. "The Daily Show" has won four awards from a total of twenty-six nominations.
Writers Guild of America Awards.
The Writers Guild of America Award is an annual accolade bestowed by the Writers Guild of America in recognition of outstanding achievements in film and television writing, since 1949. "The Daily Show" has received one award from twelve nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="7025038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025038" title="Protoblood">
Protoblood



</doc>
<doc id="7025039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025039" title="Little Miss Sunshine (film)">
Little Miss Sunshine (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7025043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025043" title="List of diplomatic missions of Nicaragua">
List of diplomatic missions of Nicaragua

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Nicaragua, excluding honorary consulates.

</doc>
<doc id="7025050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025050" title="Yellow-headed Dove">
Yellow-headed Dove



</doc>
<doc id="7025053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025053" title="Civil Service Act, 1918">
Civil Service Act, 1918

The Civil Service Act, 1918 was an Act of the Parliament of Canada that following the First World War. The Act initiated a number of reforms to be made to the Civil Service of Canada and had implications on how Canadian public administration unfolded over the following decades.
The Act was amended in 1938 and 1961. In 1967, the Act was replaced by the "Public Service Employment Act 1967" and "Public Service Staff Relations Act". The two Acts were amended by the "Public Service Reform Act" 1992. The "Public Service Employment Act" 1967 was itself replaced by the "Public Service Employment Act" 2003.
Background.
In 1911, a number of members of the Ontario business community made a proposal to the then leader of the opposition, Robert Borden. In the proposal, they agreed to support Borden in the upcoming election if he instituted reforms in the civil service.
Those who lobbied for the reforms made the argument that until then the Civil Service of Canada had been inefficient largely as a result of patronage. Under a patronage system, the civil service had a tendency to go through a larger turnover than otherwise, as it is largely replaced following the formation of every new government. The direct result of this is a more limited expertise on the part of those occupying important government positions, decreasing productivity and efficiency in government.
More specifically, it was argued that this inefficient organization of the civil service reduced the international comparative advantage of Canada, having negative implications on the financial interests of Canadian businesses. They saw a more professional and skilled civil service as being conducive with these interests.
The Act.
A cornerstone of the Act was to shift away from these patronage-based appointments towards merit-based appointments to the civil service. Specifically, the Act called for a Civil Service Commission, which was later renamed the Public Service Commission of Canada, to oversee all appointments to the public service, as means of detaching the politicians from the appointment process.
Competitive exams were introduced with the commission to ensure competency among the service. In addition, much of the civil service was reorganized, and the job-classification system was overhauled.
Effects.
The Act led to a more professional, competent and skilled Canadian civil service. Moreover, the decreased turn-over associated with merit-based civil service results in a bureaucracy with interests more aligned with national, as opposed to partisan-political, well-being.

</doc>
<doc id="7025054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025054" title="Ptilinopus layardi">
Ptilinopus layardi



</doc>
<doc id="7025058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025058" title="Chrysoenas layardi">
Chrysoenas layardi



</doc>
<doc id="7025062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025062" title="Seychelles warbler">
Seychelles warbler

The Seychelles warbler (Acrocephalus sechellensis), also known as Seychelles brush warbler, is a small songbird found on five granitic and corraline islands in the Seychelles. It is a greenish-brown bird with long legs and a long slender bill. It is primarily found in forested areas on the islands. The Seychelles warbler is a rarity in that it exhibits cooperative breeding, or alloparenting, which means that the monogamous pair is assisted by nonbreeding female helpers.
A few decades ago the Seychelles warbler was on the verge of extinction, with only 26 birds surviving on Cousin Island in 1968. Due to conservation efforts there are more than 2500 of the species alive today with viable populations on Denis, Frégate, Cousine and Aride Islands, as well as Cousin Island.
Taxonomy and systematics.
The Seychelles warbler is closely related to the Rodrigues warbler ("Acrocephalus rodericanus") and the two species have sometimes been placed in their own genus, "Bebrornis". The two species have also been considered allied to the Malagasy genus "Nesillas". A 1997 study confirmed, however, that the two species were part of a clade of Afrotropical warblers within "Acrocephalus" that also includes the Madagascar swamp warbler, the greater swamp warbler, the lesser swamp warbler and the Cape Verde warbler.
Description.
The Seychelles warbler is a small, plain "Acrocephalus" warbler, between in length and with a wingspan of . It has long grey-blue legs, a long horn-coloured bill, and a reddish eye. Adults show no sexual dimorphism in their plumage. The back, wings, flanks and head are greenish-brown and the belly and breast are dirty white. The throat is a stronger white and there is a pale supercilium in front of the eye. Juvenile birds are darker with a more bluish eye.
The voice of the Seychelles warbler is described as "rich and melodious", similar to a human whistle. Its structure is simple and is composed of short song sequences delivered at a low frequency range. The lack of a wide frequency range sets it apart from other species in its genus, such as the reed warbler, its song is similar to its closest relatives in Africa such as the greater swamp warbler.
Behaviour.
The Seychelles warbler naturally occurs in dense shrubland and in tall forests of "Pisonia grandis". It is almost exclusively an insectivore (99.8% of its diet is insects), and obtains 98% of its prey by gleaning small insects from the undersides of leaves. It does occasionally catch insects on the wing as well. Most of the foraging occurs on "Pisonia", "Ficus reflexa" and "Morinda citrifolia". Studies of the foraging behaviour found that Seychelles warblers favour "Morinda" and spend more time foraging there than in other trees and shrubs; the same study found that insect abundance is highest under the leaves of that shrub. The planting of "Morinda" on Cousin Island, and the associated improved foraging for the warbler, was an important part of the recovery of the species.
Breeding habits.
Seychelles warblers demonstrate cooperative breeding, a reproductive system in which adult male and female helpers assist the parents in providing care and feeding the young. The helpers may also aid in territory defense, predator mobbing, nest building, and incubation (females only). Breeding pairs with helpers have increased reproductive success and produced more offspring that survived per year than breeding pairs with the helpers removed. Helpers only feed the young of their parents or close relatives and do not feed unrelated young. This is evidence for the kin-selected adaptation of providing food for the young. The indirect fitness benefits gained by helping close kin are greater than the direct fitness benefits gained as a breeder. This could be evidence for the kin-selected adaptation of providing food for the young.
On high-quality territories where there is more insect prey available, young birds were more likely to stay as helpers rather than moving to low-quality territories as breeders. On low quality territories, having a helper is unfavorable because of increased resource competition. Females are more likely to become helpers, which may explain the adaptive sex ratio bias seen in the Seychelles warblers. On high quality territories, females produce 90% daughters; on low quality territories, they produce 80% sons. Clutch sex ratio is skewed towards daughters overall. When females are moved to higher quality territories, they produce two eggs in a clutch instead of a single egg, with both eggs skewed towards the production of females. This change suggests that Seychelles warblers may have pre-ovulation control of offspring sex ratio, although the exact mechanism is unknown.
Seychelles warblers are socially monogamous, whereby a male and female form a long-term pair bond and cooperate to raise their young. Occasionally, a male and female may break their pair bond, a phenomenon known as divorce. The percentage of bonded pairs which undergo divorce varies from 1% to 16% per year, with more divorces occurring in years with very low or very high rainfall. However, divorce rates do not appear to be associated with decreased reproductive success. It has been suggested that physiological stress from harsh environmental conditions may be the cause of the increased divorce rates, rather than changes in reproductive success.

</doc>
<doc id="7025067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025067" title="Krishna Palepu">
Krishna Palepu

Krishna Palepu (born 1954) is an American academic, author, consultant and director of various corporations. He is the Ross Graham Walker Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School. He serves as Senior Adviser to the President of Harvard University for Global Strategy.
Education.
Palepu has a master's degree in Physics from Andhra University in India, an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, and a doctorate from the MIT Sloan School of Management. He also has an honorary doctorate from the Helsinki School of Economics and Business Administration.
Academics.
Palepu's research has been in the areas of strategy in emerging markets, corporate governance and corporate disclosure. His work focuses on making corporate boards more effective, and improving corporate disclosure. In the area of strategy, his focus has been on the globalization of emerging markets, particularly India and China, and the resulting opportunities and challenges for western multinationals as well as local companies with global aspirations in these countries.
In his prior work, Palepu has done research and published papers on mergers and acquisitions and corporate disclosure. He has been on the Editorial Boards of leading academic journals and is a member of the National Bureau of Economic Research.
Palepu is also a prolific case writer and was placed among the top 40 case authors consistently, since the list was first published in 2016 by The Case Centre. They ranked 20th In 2018/19, 14th in 2017/18, 17th in 2016/17 and 16th in 2015/16.
Books.
In "Winning in Emerging Markets", released in 2010, Tarun Khanna and Krishna Palepu outline a practical framework for developing emerging market strategies based not on broad categorical definitions like geography, but on a structural understanding of these markets. Their framework describes how "institutional voids" – the absence of intermediaries like market research firms and credit card systems to efficiently connect buyers and sellers – create daunting obstacles for companies trying to operate in emerging markets. Understanding these voids – and learning how to work with them in specific markets – is the key to success.
The fourth edition of "", co-authored with Paul Healy, was published by Thomson Southwestern in 2007. Based on Palepu's research on mergers and acquisitions, finance and corporate disclosure, this textbook is widely used in college and MBA courses on business analysis and valuation. It has been translated into Chinese, Japanese and Spanish.
The book won the American Accounting Association's Wildman Award for its impact on management practice, as well as the Notable Contribution to the Accounting Literature Award for its impact on academic research.
It is accompanied by a business analysis and valuation software model published by the Harvard Business School Publishing Company. A fifth edition was published in 2013.
Publications.
Krishna Palepu has published numerous articles in academic journals and practitioner-oriented publications including "Journal of Accounting and Economics", "The Accounting Review", "Harvard Business Review", "MIT Sloan Management Review", "Brown Journal of World Affairs", "Strategic Finance", "Contemporary Accounting Research", the "Journal of Finance", "Academy of Management Journal", "Journal of Accounting Research", "Journal of International Business Studies", and "The Review of Economics and Statistics".
He has also published dozens of Harvard Business School cases and course materials.
Teaching.
Palepu teaches courses in the Accounting and Control unit and courses on strategy in emerging markets at Harvard Business School (HBS). He also teaches in several executive programs at HBS.
Non-Academic Activities.
Palepu has been a director of a number of companies around the world including Brooks Automation, BTM Corporation, Partners Harvard Medical International, Polymedica,
and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories
Palepu has a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. On 8 December 2014, a local Indian court required the return of INR 2.6 crore for providing professional services to Satyam Computers and remaining on the board as a non-executive director without the company first gaining the government's approval for providing such services. The ruling is under appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="7025068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025068" title="Synthaxe Drumitar">
Synthaxe Drumitar



</doc>
<doc id="7025069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025069" title="Craig Morgan (album)">
Craig Morgan (album)

Craig Morgan is the debut studio album by American country music artist of the same name. It was released on May 30, 2000 by Atlantic Records. It was produced the singles "Paradise", "I Want Us Back", and "Something to Write Home About", which peaked at number 39 on the U.S. country charts. "Everything's a Thing" was later recorded by its co-writer Joe Nichols on his 2002 album "Man with a Memory".

</doc>
<doc id="7025078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025078" title="Of empires forlorn">
Of empires forlorn



</doc>
<doc id="7025082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025082" title="South Georgia pintail">
South Georgia pintail

The South Georgia pintail ("Anas georgica georgica"), also misleadingly known as the South Georgian teal, is the nominate subspecies of the yellow-billed pintail ("Anas georgica"), a duck in the dabbling duck subfamily Anatinae. It is endemic to the large (3,756 km2) subantarctic island of South Georgia and its accompanying archipelago, and is a vagrant to the South Sandwich Islands. It was among the birds noted by James Cook in January 1775, on the occasion of the first recorded landing on South Georgia, and was formerly considered a full species.
Taxonomy.
The duck has long been recognised as a distinct taxon, with its affinities previously considered to be with the teals. Robert Cushman Murphy was the first to demonstrate that it is a pintail, its closest relatives the yellow-billed pintails of South America (now split as the Chilean pintail "A. g. spinicauda" and the extinct Niceforo's pintail "A. g. niceforoi"), though he retained it as a full species for its isolated distribution and its 16 (rather than 14) rectrices, or tail feathers. However, the number of rectrices in the ducks is variable, with many mainland pintails also having 16 rectrices and a few South Georgia pintails even having 18, and the three ducks are now usually lumped as the yellow-billed pintail.
Description.
The duck is a distinctive small, mottled, predominantly brown pintail. It is smaller and stockier than the remaining mainland subspecies ("A. g. spinicauda"), with more uniform and darker plumage. It has a reddish crown, light brown cheeks and throat, dark grey underwings and a pointed tail. The back, breast and flanks are scalloped with buff; the underparts are buffy white, mottled with brown. The bill is yellow with a blue and black line on the culmen and tip, and the feet are greenish-grey. The downy chick is dark brown with yellowish buff markings.
Unlike other pintails, the males are similar in appearance to the females, though larger. The ducks are 45 to 65 cm in length, the males weighing 610 to 660 g, the females 460 to 610 g. Minor differences are that the male has uniformly brownish-grey upperwing coverts and a glossy greenish-black speculum, while the female has mottled upperwing coverts and a dull brown speculum.
Identification.
The only species it is likely to be confused with is the yellow-billed teal, a relatively recent self-introduction first recorded breeding on South Georgia in 1971. The speckled teal also has a yellow bill but differs in being smaller and more compact, with less spotting on the flanks, and having a buff bar in front of the speculum, a central white stripe on the underwing, and a shorter and less pointed tail.
Distribution and habitat.
The pintail is widely distributed along the north coast, and the western third of the south coast, of South Georgia, as well as on its offshore islands. It is largely absent from most of the south coast of the main island because of unfavourable topography.
Favoured habitat includes freshwater pools and streams fringed by tussock grassland, seal wallows and poorly drained land next to wetlands and melting snow, as well as coastal habitats.
Behaviour.
Outside the breeding season, and when food is locally abundant, the ducks may congregate in small flocks, sometimes of up to about a hundred. Murphy noted:On December 20th, 1912, I photographed a pair of teals feeding in a trickle of water which ran through tall tussock grass from the melting edge of a glacier. The birds were well hidden by the screen of grass, and I almost stumbled over them before seeing them. They appeared quite unconcerned, however, and continued prodding about in the mud. When I had come within two steps of them, they raised their heads and waddled farther off among the hummocks, from where they peered out through drooping grass. All but the bright eyes and yellow bills blended completely with the surroundings. Matthews has well said that their pattern fits in so thoroughly with the environment that it is sometimes only the movement of the conspicuous yellow bill that calls one’s attention to their presence. Many observers have noted the birds’ preference to lose themselves in the grass when they are approached, rather than to seek safety in the air, and it is likely that before the arrival of men and guns at South Georgia they used their wings only for relatively short and infrequent flights.
Feeding.
The ducks are omnivorous; they feed on vegetation, including marine and freshwater algae, dabbling and diving in the sea when the water is calm. They also consume a range of invertebrates, including freshwater fairy shrimp ("Brachinecta gaini"), marine amphipods, Diptera, small clams, nematodes and snails, foraging in the intertidal zone and sometimes scavenging at seal carcasses.
David Parmelee describes the latter behaviour from Bird Island as follows:
"One might surmise that the delicate little pintails wait their turn to pick at the bones and small scraps left by the larger predators. Wrong assumption! As soon as there is a small opening in the seal carcass the ducks dive headlong into the hole, which conceals from view their bills and at times even their heads.
"The head is methodically withdrawn time and again for surveillance, but it is not unusual to see both giant petrels and pintails simultaneously picking at the same carcass. The ducks are so clever in maneuvering that not many are caught unaware. Unlike the giant petrels that acquire grisly scarlet heads while gorging on the bloody flesh, the fastidious pintails remain remarkably clean by dipping frequently into streams or pools of water."
Breeding.
South Georgia pintails breed in solitary pairs during a long breeding season from late October to early March. Their nests are frequently sited some distance away from water; they are well concealed in tussock grass, often on a shallow platform of grass stems and down feathers above the ground and shielded from above by overhanging vegetation. When returning from feeding, they usually land some distance away from the nest before creeping to it through the undergrowth, so as not to lead predatory birds to the vulnerable eggs and chicks. They lay small clutches of three to five pale cinnamon-pink eggs, and their chicks' down is dark. They mate for life, with males assisting in raising the young.
The preferred habitat for raising broods is tussock-rimmed freshwater ponds where the chicks feed around the edges while the female stays in more open water. The broods are moved overland through the tussock from pond to pond. Niall Rankin, who led an expedition to South Georgia after the Second World War, said:
I never discovered a nest with eggs, but found two ducklings on Albatross Island, about two days old, on December 18th, also another brood about a week old on March 11th.
Their speed was incredible, dashing from clump to clump like small rats, and it took considerable time to catch them. The parent meanwhile showed little concern, resting on a rock at the edge of the sea some 30 yards away. Their only natural enemy is the skua and time must have shown that so long as the ducklings remain amongst the alleyways between the overhanging clumps little harm can befall them.
Vocalisations.
Calls recorded from the adult male include a burp – a wheezy, hollow-sounding "geee-geeee", rising and falling in pitch, with a concurrent double-noted whistle. Females have been heard to give a decrescendo call similar to that of the northern pintail, as well as a creaking “inciting call” and a rasping “repulsion call”. Murphy notes “The call of the male is a shrill whistle, repeated several times and frequently uttered in flight. The duck utters a soft quack, and a gurgling note which von den Steinen likened to the bursting of large bubbles.”
Conservation and status.
Population.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries the pintails were considered common; though Murphy reported that, by 1912, intensive hunting by whalers and sealers had reduced the population considerably. Rankin, who visited the island in 1946–47 when it was still a base for whaling operations, commented:
”Formerly this little duck was common throughout the coastal belt of the island, but as soon as whaling stations started to spring up and its flesh became appreciated the bird stood little chance of survival if it ventured near any of the populated fjords. Numbers have steadily decreased and while 40 years ago a flock of 100 teal was not an uncommon sight in the winter season, now it is unusual to see more than half a dozen together. In late autumn the most I myself ever saw was four.
Numbers have since recovered with the abandonment of South Georgia as a whaling base; the population probably exceeds 2,000 and is about as abundant as can be expected for the available habitat. The pintail was described in 1979 as being widespread in small numbers and frequenting most bays and coastal areas of South Georgia.
Threats.
Hunting by humans is no longer a serious threat. The eggs and chicks of the ducks were at risk from introduced brown rats which were eradicated in 2018 and are at risk from predatory birds, especially brown skuas. There is a record of an adult bird being killed and eaten by a leopard seal.
Parasites.
The ducks are recorded as hosting the ectoparasitic nasal mite "Rhinonyssus rhinolethrum".

</doc>
<doc id="7025083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025083" title="Ethyl 4-aminobenzoate">
Ethyl 4-aminobenzoate



</doc>
<doc id="7025087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025087" title="Its man">
Its man



</doc>
<doc id="7025089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025089" title="Santa Susana">
Santa Susana

Santa Susana may refer to:
Santa Susana or Santa Susanna may also refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="7025097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025097" title="I Love It (album)">
I Love It (album)

I Love It is the second studio album by American country music artist Craig Morgan. It was released on March 11, 2003 by Broken Bow Records. The album contains four singles: "God, Family And Country", "Almost Home", "Every Friday Afternoon", and "Look at Us", all of which entered the Hot Country Songs charts between 2002 and 2004. "Almost Home" was the highest peaking single of these four, reaching a peak of number 6 on the country charts.
The first single, "God, Family, and Country", was also recorded by the group 4 Runner on their 2003 album "Getaway Car". 4 Runner also provide backing vocals on Morgan's rendition. "God, Family, and Country" is also dedicated to songwriter and musician Randy Hardison, who played drums on it.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="7025104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025104" title="Little Bit of Life">
Little Bit of Life

Little Bit of Life is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Craig Morgan. It was released on October 31, 2006 by Broken Bow Records. The album produced three singles for him on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. The title track and lead single from the album reached a peak of No. 7, while "Tough", its follow-up, peaked at No. 11. The third and final single, "International Harvester", reached No. 10. The album was certified Gold in February 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="7025105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025105" title="Zelnik">
Zelnik

Zelnik is a traditional pastry eaten in Bulgaria and North Macedonia. It is composed of layers of thinly-rolled leavened wheat flour dough, or possibly phyllo pastry, filled with various combinations of sirene (a white cheese), feta cheese, eggs, sorrel, browned meat, leeks, spring onions and/or rice. In winter, the filling traditionally includes pickled cabbage, from which the dish derives its name ("cabbage" in or , in ). Bulgarian zelnik could be made also with various wild and cultivated leafy greens like collard, lettuce, orache, rumex, Chenopodium album, spearmint and many others. Zelnik is sometimes served with yogurt and it is best eaten warm.
Zelnik is similar to börek, a dish popular in Turkey, Eastern Europe and Central Asia. Zelnik is often mistakenly referred to as börek. Unlike zelnik, cabbage börek is made for holidays and festivals and is served with kefir. The crust and the layers of börek are thicker and other spices are used. Zelnik is typically made with leek and sirene and consists of very thinly rolled layers of phyllo dough. Zelnik is usually prepared as one long, thin piece of pastry and wound up into a spiral shape.

</doc>
<doc id="7025115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025115" title="Of Empires Forlorn">
Of Empires Forlorn

Of Empires Forlorn is a studio album by the American doom metal band While Heaven Wept. The album was released in three different editions by three different labels. The Eibon Records version contains the instrumental track "From Empires to Oceans," while the Rage of Achilles Records and Rock Machine Records editions contain the track "In Aeturnum." The only other differences between the three are minor aspects of the front cover and the formatting of the liner notes/lyrics.
The album was rated 3 out of 5 stars by AllMusic.
Credits.
Additional keyboards by Michelle Loose and Jake Bordnar.
Recorded at Assembly Line Studios, February 2002 - June 2003. Produced, engineered, and mixed by Kevin 131. Mastered by Bill Wolf Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="7025125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025125" title="Titan Pharmaceuticals">
Titan Pharmaceuticals

Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company based in San Francisco, CA, developing proprietary therapeutics primarily for treating central nervous system ("CNS") disorders. In September 2018, Titan Pharmaceuticals underwent an IPO wherein it raised $9.5 million in gross proceeds. In the same month, it also posted approximately $1.7 million in revenue, in large part drawn from its licensing for its European intellectual property rights for Probuphine to the Italian pharmaceutical company Molteni – a leading European opioid manufacturer and also a subsidiary of the German Pharmaceutical juggernaut Merck Group.
Titan's principal asset is Probuphine, a slow-release implant formulation of buprenorphine for the treatment of opioid addiction or chronic pain. FDA Approval was granted on 26 May 2016. It was licensed to Braeburn Pharmaceuticals for marketing and commercialization.
History.
The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
In August 2022, David Lazar was appointed chairman and CEO. He succeeded Marc Rubin, who had held the position since October 2007.
In 2024, the company entered into a merger agreement and became a wholly owned subsidiary of BSKE Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="7025126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025126" title="List (data structure)">
List (data structure)



</doc>
<doc id="7025128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025128" title="Divine Order">
Divine Order



</doc>
<doc id="7025135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025135" title="Lake Mascoma">
Lake Mascoma



</doc>
<doc id="7025139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025139" title="Colin Steele (trumpeter)">
Colin Steele (trumpeter)

Colin Steele is a jazz trumpeter from Scotland.
He played pop music with Hue and Cry during the 1980s, as part of their backing band the John Rae Collective with Brian Kellock,Tom and Phil Bancroft, Kevin Mackenzie, Kenny Ellis. 
After two years in France he studied jazz at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama before returning to Scotland. He has been known for influences from Latin music and funk and has recorded several well-regarded albums.
He has been increasingly influenced by Scottish folk music, an influence carried into the additional instrumentation in his group Colin Steele's Stramash. as well as playing in Ceilidh Minogue's horn section and Bachué with Corrina Hewat (harps/vocals), David Milligan (piano, and Donald Hay (drums).
Colin Steele's Stramash reformed in 2025 to play Queen's Hall Edinburgh and Blue Lamp Aberdeen. Colin was accompanied by David Milligan, arrangements and piano, Seonaid Aitken and Chris Stout fiddles, Patsy Reid fiddle/viola, Su-a Lee cello, Rory Campbell whistle/pipes, Phil Bancroft saxes, Calum Gourlay bass, and Alyn Cosker drums. 
Stramash plan to record a new album in 2025 with support from Creative Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="7025145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025145" title="Short chain acyl coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency">
Short chain acyl coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency



</doc>
<doc id="7025146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025146" title="Argentine Ants">
Argentine Ants



</doc>
<doc id="7025148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025148" title="Pearson Education, Inc">
Pearson Education, Inc



</doc>
<doc id="7025165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025165" title="Olallie">
Olallie



</doc>
<doc id="7025174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025174" title="Najm al-Din Ayyub">
Najm al-Din Ayyub

al-Malik al-Afdal Najm al-Dīn Ayyūb ibn Shādhi ibn Marwān (, ; died August 9, 1173), or simply Najmadin, was a Kurdish mercenary and politician from Dvin, and the father of Saladin. He is the eponymous ancestor of the Ayyubid dynasty.
Life and career.
Origins.
Ayyub was the son of Shadhi ibn Marwan and brother of Shirkuh. The family belonged to the Kurdish Hadhbani tribe of Rawandi also known as Rawadi or Rawadiyya. The Rawadis were the dominant Kurdish group in Dvin, and were a sedentary political-military elite of the region. They originated from Ajdanakan village, near ancient Armenian city of Dvin.
The family were closely connected to the Kurdish Shaddadid dynasty, and when the last Shaddadid was deposed in Dvin in 1130, Shadhi moved the family first to Baghdad and then to Tikrit, where he was appointed governor by the regional administrator Bihruz. Ayyub succeeded his father as governor of Tikrit when Shadhi died soon after.
In Zengid service.
In 1132 Ayyub was in the service of Imad al-Din Zengi. He participated in a battle against the Seljuk Sultan near Tikrit and saved Zengi's life when he assisted his retreat across the Tigris. In 1136, Shirkuh killed a Christian with whom he was quarrelling with in Tikrit, and the brothers were exiled (Ayyub's son Yusuf, later known as Salahadin, was supposedly born the night they left). Zengi later appointed Ayyub governor of Baalbek, and when the town was besieged in 1146 by Mu'in al-Din Unur, the atabeg of the Burid emir of Damascus, Ayyub surrendered Baalbek and retired to Damascus. Shirkuh, meanwhile, entered the service of Zengi's son Nur al-Din Zengi, who had designs on Damascus; when the Second Crusade besieged the city in 1148, Nur al-Din forced Mu'in al-Din and the Burids into a reluctant alliance. Soon Nur al-Din demanded the city be handed over to him, and Ayyub and Shirkuh negotiated its surrender in 1154. Ayyub remained governor of Damascus under Nur al-Din's rule. He was held in such honour that he was the only one of Nur al-Din's officials allowed to remain seated in his presence.
Ayyub's son Saladin also took up service with Nur al-Din, and he was sent to Egypt to take control in Nur al-Din's name during the period of joint crusader-Byzantine invasions.
Egypt expedition.
In 1170 Ayyub joined his son Saladin, in the Egyptian expedition. either summoned by Saladin himself, or sent by Nur al-Din to convince Saladin to depose the last Fatimid caliph. Saladin offered the vizierate to him, but he refused, and instead was granted Alexandria, Damietta, and al-Buhayrah as personal fiefs. The Fiefdom Najm ad-Din Ayyub held, was the most important commercial harbors in lower Egypt. Many of Saladin's other relatives also joined him in Egypt. Nur al-Din did not trust Saladin and his family, correctly assuming that they were consolidating power; Ayyub publicly supported Nur al-Din, but privately warned his son that Nur al-Din should never be allowed to take Egypt from him. Although Ayyub was loyal to Nur al-Din and his trusted counsellor, this loyalty did not necessarily translate to his successors, and it is likely that in the competition between Nur al-Din's lieutenants he saw his family as best-placed with Cairo in their control.
Death.
Najm al-Din Ayyub was injured in a horse riding accident on July 31, 1173, and died on August 9. His death exacerbated the tension between Saladin and Nur al-Din; the latter had summoned the former to assist in an expedition against the Kingdom of Jerusalem, but Saladin returned home when he heard of his father's death. However the expected confrontation between Nur al-Din and Saladin did not occur, as Nur al-Din died the next year, and Saladin eventually took control of the whole of Egypt and Syria.
According to Baha al-Din ibn Shaddad, Ayyub was "a noble, generous man, mild and of excellent character." He was also "passionately fond of polo". Ibn al-Qalanisi calls him "a man of resolution, intelligence and knowledge of affairs", who prudently handed over Baalbek to a superior force in return for rewards and honours.
His given name was Ayyub (Job), from which comes the Ayyubid dynasty of Saladin and his successors. Najm al-Din is an honorific meaning "star of the faith".
Family and children.
Ayyub had several children:

</doc>
<doc id="7025179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025179" title="TXL (programming language)">
TXL (programming language)

TXL is a special-purpose programming language originally designed by Charles Halpern-Hamu and James Cordy at the University of Toronto in 1985. The acronym "TXL" originally stood for "Turing eXtender Language" after the language's original purpose, the specification and rapid prototyping of variants and extensions of the Turing programming language, but no longer has any meaningful interpretation.
Modern TXL is specifically designed for creating, manipulating and rapidly prototyping language-based descriptions, tools and applications using source transformation. It is a hybrid functional / rule-based language using first order functional programming at the higher level and term rewriting at the lower level. The formal semantics and implementation of TXL are based on formal term rewriting, but the term structures are largely hidden from the user due to the example-like style of pattern specification.
Each TXL program has two components: a description of the source structures to be transformed, specified as a (possibly ambiguous) context-free grammar using an extended Backus–Naur Form; and a set of tree transformation rules, specified using pattern / replacement pairs combined using first order functional programming. TXL is designed to allow explicit programmer control over the interpretation, application, order and backtracking of both parsing and rewriting rules, allowing for expression of a wide range of grammar-based techniques such as agile parsing.
The first component parses the input expression into a tree using pattern-matching. The second component uses Term-rewriting in a manner similar to Yacc to produce the transformed output.
TXL is most commonly used in software analysis and reengineering tasks such as design recovery, and in rapid prototyping of new programming languages and dialects.
Examples.
BubbleSort.
 %Syntax specification
 define program
 [repeat number]
 end define
 %Transformation rules
 rule main
 replace $ [repeat number]
 N1 [number] N2 [number] Rest [repeat number]
 where 
 N1 [&gt; N2]
 by
 N2 N1 Rest
 end rule
Factorial.
 %Syntax specification
 define program
 [number]
 end define
 %Transformation rules
 function main
 replace [program]
 p [number]
 by
 p [fact][fact0]
 end function
 function fact
 replace [number]
 n [number]
 construct nMinusOne [number]
 n [- 1]
 where 
 n [&gt; 1]
 construct factMinusOne [number]
 nMinusOne [fact]
 by
 n [* factMinusOne]
 end function 
 function fact0
 replace [number]
 0
 by
 1
 end function

</doc>
<doc id="7025181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025181" title="Varsoda">
Varsoda

 
Varsoda is a small village located in Mansa, Gujarat, on the bank of the Sabarmati River, formerly the seat of an eponymous Rajput princely state. It is approximately from Gandhinagar, the state capital of Gujarat.
History.
Varsoda (or Varsora) was a Hindu princely state in Mahi Kantha with an area of 28 square kilometers km2 (11 square miles) before Indian Independence (1947). It had a population of 4,051 in 1892, 3,656 in 1901, yielding 18,871 rupees sate revenue (1903-4, mainly from land), and paying 1,583 rupees tribute to the Gaekwar Baroda State.
Varsoda is also well known for jain derasar which has completed its glorious hundred years on 5th may 2023 and declared as tirth of lord 12th tirthankar Shree Vasupujaya Swamiji.

</doc>
<doc id="7025186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025186" title="Operation Sunbeam">
Operation Sunbeam

Operation Sunbeam (also known as Operation Dominic II) was a series of four nuclear tests conducted at the United States's Nevada Test Site in 1962. "Operation Sunbeam" tested tactical nuclear warheads; the most notable was the "Davy Crockett".
The chief milestone of "Operation Sunbeam" was that it was the last nuclear test series on the Nevada Test Site conducted in the atmosphere by the United States. Since "Operation Sunbeam", specifically the "Little Feller 1" test of the "Davy Crockett," all US nuclear tests on the Test Site have been carried out underground in accordance with the Partial Test Ban Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="7025191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025191" title="KOHS (radio station)">
KOHS (radio station)



</doc>
<doc id="7025192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025192" title="Most inexpensive food">
Most inexpensive food



</doc>
<doc id="7025201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025201" title="Light Zone">
Light Zone



</doc>
<doc id="7025203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025203" title="Fixed forms">
Fixed forms



</doc>
<doc id="7025211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025211" title="Turing helper">
Turing helper



</doc>
<doc id="7025223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025223" title="Annapoorneshwari Temple">
Annapoorneshwari Temple

The Annapoorneshwari Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the goddess Annapoorneshwari (Annapoorna), located at Horanadu, Karnataka, India, 100 km from Chikmagalur in the thick forests and valleys of the Western Ghats of Karnataka. It is situated on the banks of river Bhadra.

</doc>
<doc id="7025224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025224" title="Brightness Reef">
Brightness Reef



</doc>
<doc id="7025225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025225" title="McGovern–Fraser Commission">
McGovern–Fraser Commission

The McGovern–Fraser Commission, formally known as Commission on Party Structure and Delegate Selection, was a commission created by the Democratic National Committee (DNC) in response to the tumultuous 1968 Democratic National Convention. It was composed of 28 members, selected by DNC chairman Senator Fred R. Harris in 1969 to rewrite the Democratic Party's rules regarding the selection of national convention delegates. Senator George McGovern and later Representative Donald M. Fraser led the commission, which is how it received its name. McGovern, who resigned from the commission in 1971 in order to run for president, won the first nomination decided under the new rules in 1972, but lost the general election to Richard Nixon.
Purpose.
The events at and around the Democratic national convention of 1968 left the party in disarray, unable to support its nominee and divided over matters of both substance and procedure. The 1968 convention was disastrous for the Democrats, as much because of the demonstrations and violent police responses outside the convention hall as because of the convention itself. What took place in Chicago went well beyond party leaders' ignoring one candidate, Eugene McCarthy, who could claim to have demonstrated his appeal to voters in the primaries and nominating another, Hubert Humphrey, who had not entered a single primary. Dissatisfaction with the perceived undemocratic nature of the nominating process led Democrats to create a commission that would ensure greater democratic input into how nominees were selected. The establishment of the commission was approved on the second day of the convention. Its initial mandate was to examine current rules and make recommendations designed to broaden participation in the nominating process; later, as the commission evolved, it sought specifically to enable better representation among convention delegates of minorities, women, and young people – groups that had previously been underrepresented.
The Commission Report.
The Commission was mainly concerned with developing rules that would govern the 1972 Democratic convention. The Commission report was written in less than nine months and was divided into two parts, one that recommended 18 guidelines for state parties and another recommending steps deemed desirable for state parties to take. The report attempted to bring uniformity to the delegate selection process and to give greater influence to those in the past that had a marginal voice, mainly women, blacks and young people (defined as those under 30).
Some of the guidelines are as follows:
The first guideline ordered state parties to "adopt explicit written Party rules governing delegate selection. It was followed by eight "procedural rules and safeguards" which the commission demanded be applied in the delegate selection process. Specifically, the states were henceforth to forbid proxy voting; forbid the use of the unit rule and related practices such as instructing delegations; require a quorum of not less than 40 percent at all party committee meetings; remove all mandatory assessments of delegates and limit mandatory participation fees to no more than $10; ensure that party meetings in non rural areas were held on uniform dates, at uniform times and in places of easy access; ensure adequate public notice of all party meetings concerned with delegate selection.
Other guidelines included that:
Controversies included those over the following guidelines:
Effect on presidential primaries.
The McGovern–Fraser Commission established open procedures and affirmative action guidelines for selecting delegates. In addition the commission made it so that all delegate selection procedures were required to be open; party leaders could no longer handpick the convention delegates in secret. The commission recommended that delegates be represented by the proportion of their population in each state. An unforeseen result of these rules was that many states complied by holding primary elections to select convention delegates. This created a shift from caucuses to primaries. The Republican Party's nomination process was also transformed in this way, as state laws involving primaries usually apply to all parties' selection of delegates.
Women accounted for 13% of the southern delegates at the 1968 convention, but rose to 36% at the 1972 convention and continued to rise to parity with male delegates at following conventions. Black delegates from the south rose from none in 1960, to 10% in 1968, and 24% in 1972. Black delegates continued to increase to account for one-third of the southern delegates at the 1988 convention, with them accounting for 46% of the Deep South's delegates.
One of the unintended consequences of McGovern-Fraser reforms was an enormous surge in the number of state party presidential primaries. Prior to the reforms, Democrats in two-thirds of the states used elite-run state conventions to choose convention delegates. In the post-reform era, over three-quarters of the states use primary elections to choose delegates, and over 80% of convention delegates are selected in these primaries. This is true for Republicans as well.
Nominating procedures are determined by states, and there are three basic types of primary. The two simplest primary forms are what are referred to as "open" and "closed" primaries. In the open primary, any registered voter may participate regardless of partisan affiliation. This category also includes states that allow same-day party registration. Conversely, in the closed primary, only same-party registered partisans may participate. Modified-open primaries encompass a broad category of voting rules that are neither fully closed nor fully open for all to participate and include primaries where same-party registrants may participate with "independents," "unenrolled," "unaffiliated," or "undeclared" voters. In the 2000 election, 35 percent of Democratic primaries and 31 percent of Republican primaries are closed to registered party members: 41 percent of Democratic and Republican primaries are open to all registered voters, and the remaining 24 percent and 28 percent of Democratic and Republican primaries, respectively, are characterized by modified-open procedures.
Critiques.
A number of authorities criticize the reforms as having created too much democracy, or a badly conceived democracy, leaving too much of the nominations decision up to an allegedly uninformed, unrepresented, and/or uninterested electorate.
Even before the introduction of the McGovern-Fraser presidential nominating reforms, academics and political practitioners alike wrestled with the questions of nominating procedures, the representativeness of primary electorates, and their implications for democracy. Strong party proponents worried that primaries dilute party influence over nominations and thus impeded party discipline and effectiveness in governing. Others have contended that the biases inherent in the primary electorates (the over-representation of some groups and the under-representation of others) deprive minority groups of their democratic voice.
Beyond the scholarly debates surrounding the direct primary, political parties and their operatives have voiced pragmatic concerns regarding the types of candidates that primaries tend to favor, suggesting that they often produce ideologically extreme candidates who are not always attractive to more moderate, general election voters. The question of representation and the extent to which primary voters reflect the demographic and attitudinal characteristics of nonvoters and rank-and-file partisans generally has been a long-standing concern to students of primary politics. Some scholars conclude that primary voters are demographically unrepresentative of the larger partisan electorate, while others find fewer differences.
Fred Dutton, one of the commission members, has been accused of diminishing the influence of unions.
As McGovern later said, "I opened up the doors of the Democratic Party, and 20 million people walked out."

</doc>
<doc id="7025226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025226" title="Fort DeWolf">
Fort DeWolf

Fort DeWolf was an American Civil War fort located just south of Shepherdsville, Kentucky. It was placed so that the L&amp;N railroad would bisect the fort, to better protect the vital railroad bridge over the Salt River.

</doc>
<doc id="7025227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025227" title="Bealls (Florida-based department store)">
Bealls (Florida-based department store)

Bealls, Inc. is a Florida-based retail corporation with headquarters located in Bradenton, Florida. Since its founding in 1915, the family-owned corporation now operates more than 650 stores under the names of Bealls, Bealls Florida, Home Centric and Rugged Earth Outfitters.
Bealls Florida was not affiliated with the Texas-based Bealls chain (formerly owned by Stage Stores), although the two brands overlapped in some markets with Bealls Outlet using the name Burkes Outlet where they overlapped. In 2020, Bealls bought Stage Stores intellectual property and acquired the rights to the Bealls name nationwide. They also acquired the rights to all of Stage's different chains, private labels, customer lists and a distribution center in Jacksonville, Texas. In 2022 they sold the rights to the Stage Stores chains (excluding Bealls) to BrandX.
History.
In 1915, 22-year-old Robert M. Beall Sr. opened a dry goods store in Bradenton, Florida called "Dollar Limit" he invested his entire savings in merchandise and empty wooden packing crates were used as the display tables.
In 1920 the store was renamed to "V-Dollar Limit Store" as the maximum price went up to five dollars. Business prospered during the Florida land boom of the 1920s and in a few years Beall had purchased a vacant lot and built a new modern department store which opened in Christmas of 1924.
The Florida boom ended in a few years, only to be followed by the stock market crash. Hard hit and unable to pay his debts, Robert Beall lost his business to the bank. He stayed on as manager through the depression. In 1944 after paying off his debts he managed to repurchase the company.
Bealls Stores.
In 1946, Robert was joined by his son E.R. as junior partner. They christened the business "Bealls Department Store". Air conditioning and an influx of new residents in the 1950s began to transform the face of Florida.
In 1957, the second Bealls Department store was opened in Bradenton's Westgate Shopping Center and a third store followed in 1961 at the Venice Shopping Center in Venice, Florida. E.R. developed the new chain while his father ran the original downtown store until just prior to his death in 1979.
During the 1960s and 1970s Florida experienced amazing growth and Bealls stores grew with it. In 1980, Robert M. Beall II became president of the corporation—the third generation. E.R. became chairman of the board. By 1981 the chain had 23 stores. A year later, seven new stores enabled the chain to double its selling space. Bealls continued to grow into new communities and adopt new technologies, introducing in-store kiosks and launching their website in 1998. Bealls' growth philosophy was to self-finance; staying within the limits of its operating cash, and keeping its debt load low. To customize its product line, Bealls opened its own design studio in 2004.
In 2023, it was announced that Bealls would be rebranded to bealls nationwide, and all Bealls stores in Florida would be renamed as Bealls Florida.
Bealls (formerly Bealls Outlet).
E.R. Beall having observed the growth of outlet stores in North Carolina, Bealls ventured into the off-price channel in 1987. After a few hits and misses, Bealls Outlet caught on rapidly. In 1992, Bealls opened its first out-of-Florida Outlet in Arizona, and soon expanded to Georgia. Now Bealls Outlet operates in many different states under the names Bealls Outlet &amp; Burkes Outlet.
In April 2023, it was announced that Bealls Outlet &amp; Burkes Outlet would both be rebranded to "bealls" and that Bealls (in Florida) would be renamed to Bealls Florida.
Home Centric.
The Home Centric brand of stores began as a store within a store test concept in select Burkes Outlet and Bealls Outlet stores. The first stand-alone Home Centric store opened in May 2018 in Cary, NC focusing on discount home furnishings and home decor. Home Centric is dedicated to bringing its customers "inspired living for less" maintaining the focus on discounted pricing established by the Burkes Outlet and Bealls Outlet brands.
Community.
Following the sale of the old downtown store, the proceeds were used to establish a charitable foundation named for the founder. Since then the foundation has provided scholarships to over 600 employees and their dependents. Bealls is a longtime contributor to the United Way and to agencies that help young people and education. In celebration of its centennial year, company outreach assisted Habitat for Humanity and the American Cancer Society; Bealls also sponsors Take Stock in Children, helping to mentor at-risk children throughout Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="7025229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025229" title="BROOKLYN, New York">
BROOKLYN, New York



</doc>
<doc id="7025232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025232" title="George Cecil Woodruff">
George Cecil Woodruff

George Cecil "Kid" Woodruff Sr. (November 29, 1888 – November 16, 1968) was an American businessman and college football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Georgia from 1923 to 1927, compiling a record of 30–16–1.
Early life and education.
Born in Columbus, Georgia in 1889, Woodruff attended Columbus High School and the University School for Boys in Stone Mountain, Georgia before enrolling at the University of Georgia in Athens in 1907. He played quarterback for the Georgia Bulldogs football team during the 1907 and 1908 seasons before taking a year off from school to travel around the United States and Mexico. After returning to the university and rejoining the football team in 1910 and 1911, when he was team captain, Woodruff graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1912. He was nominated though not selected for an "Associated Press" All-Time Southeast 1869-1919 era team.
Professional and coaching career.
Following graduation, Woodruff became an insurance salesman in Columbus. He served in World War I as a major in the 82nd Infantry ("All-American") Division of the United States Army. He was Kirk Newell's backup on the 1917 Camp Gordon football team. He then returned to his successful insurance business after the war.
After the 1922 season, Georgia football head coach Herman Stegeman moved to the position of athletic director, and Woodruff was hired as the new head coach at a salary of $1 a year. Woodruff was the third former Georgia player to become the Bulldogs' head coach, preceded by Ernest Brown and Marvin D. Dickinson.
Woodruff brought to Athens the Notre Dame offensive scheme as well as assistant coaches Frank Thomas and Harry Mehre, who were Knute Rockne's disciples. Jim Crowley, who was one of the Four Horsemen at Notre Dame, was also an assistant coach under Woodruff at Georgia. Woodruff compiled a record of 30–16–1 over five seasons, including his 1927 "Dream and Wonder team's" upset of Yale.
After the 1927 season, Woodruff stepped down to focus on his insurance business. Georgia governor Richard Russell, Jr. appointed Woodruff as an initial member of the University System of Georgia Board of Regents in 1932, where Woodruff would serve until 1945. His son reported that Woodruff would call Dwight D. Eisenhower, cursing at him, telling him to get Georgia players out of the Army.
Legacy.
Woodruff Hall, the former basketball arena at the University of Georgia, was named in honor of Woodruff and his older brother, Harry "Big Kid" Woodruff, who also attended Georgia and played quarterback. Woodruff Hall stood on the site of the current Henry W. Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication. Georgia's current outdoor football practice field is also named in honor of George Woodruff.
Woodruff was instrumental in arranging for the annual Auburn–Georgia football game to be played in Columbus for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="7025236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025236" title="Lady of Fatima">
Lady of Fatima



</doc>
<doc id="7025238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025238" title="Forme fixe">
Forme fixe



</doc>
<doc id="7025239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025239" title="George C. Woodruff">
George C. Woodruff



</doc>
<doc id="7025242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025242" title="George C. Woodruff, Sr.">
George C. Woodruff, Sr.



</doc>
<doc id="7025243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025243" title="George Woodruff">
George Woodruff

George Woodruff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025245" title="Fixed form">
Fixed form



</doc>
<doc id="7025257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025257" title="Michael Berman">
Michael Berman

Michael Berman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025261" title="Christian Trinitarian Universalism">
Christian Trinitarian Universalism



</doc>
<doc id="7025271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025271" title="Zoo (Norwegian band)">
Zoo (Norwegian band)

Zoo was a Norwegian band mainly active in the late 1970s and early 1980s, though founded in 1966. The band consisted of Ketil Stokkan (guitars, vocals), Sverri Dahl (keyboards, vocals), Erling Andersen (bass guitar, vocals), Rudi Høynes (drums, vocals) and Trond Nyrud (flutes, saxophones).
History.
They rose to national success with the singles "Evig ung" ("Forever Young", 1980) and "Vent, ikkje legg på" ("Wait, Don't Hang Up", 1981). Frontman and songwriter Stokkan later represented Norway twice in the Eurovision Song Contest.
"Noregs heitaste" was issued in March 1980. Its musical basis was funk rock and Zoo introduced Norwegian-only lyrics, specifically in the Northern Norwegian dialect. There was a featuring appearance from Anita Skorgan.
Reception.
The album received mixed reviews, though some praised Stokkan for being "among the finest pop vocalists in this country".

</doc>
<doc id="7025286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025286" title="Welikadawatte">
Welikadawatte

Welikadawatte, a middle-class housing estate in Rajagiriya, Sri Lanka, was a result of the first co-operative housing scheme in Sri Lanka.
In the mid-1950s, Dr. Seneka Bibile, together with Herbert Keuneman, 'Bonnie' Fernando, Anil and Jeanne Moonesinghe and other members of the radical intelligentsia, founded Sri Lanka's first co-operative housing scheme, the Gothatuwa Building Society. The members of the society were drawn from the ranks of the journalists of the "Lake House" publishing group and of the professors of the University of Ceylon.
The housing estate was established on land granted through the offices of T. B. Ilangaratne in the Welikada area (Rajagiriya postal area) of Kotte, now the capital of Sri Lanka but then a suburb of Colombo. Originally within a large cinnamon and coconut plantation known as "Marandaan Kurunduwatte", it was named "Welikadawatte" – the Sinhala for "Welikada Gardens". One notable aspect of the scheme was that each of the houses had a distinct design, the architects experimenting with forms new to Sri Lanka at the time. Some of the designs were reminiscent of the approach of Walter Gropius and the Bauhaus – then popularly known as the 'American Style'.
The scheme later on expanded considerably, both in size and in population. It attained some fame as an island of intellectual creativity from the mid-1960s onwards.
The offices of the Strømme Foundation, the Humanitarian Information Centre for Sri Lanka Rights, and the English Writers' Co-operative of Sri Lanka are located there.

</doc>
<doc id="7025288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025288" title="Duke of kent">
Duke of kent



</doc>
<doc id="7025290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025290" title="Joseph Horne Co.">
Joseph Horne Co.



</doc>
<doc id="7025295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025295" title="Little Feller 1">
Little Feller 1



</doc>
<doc id="7025301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025301" title="Halle Bros. Co.">
Halle Bros. Co.



</doc>
<doc id="7025302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025302" title="The sorrow and the pity">
The sorrow and the pity



</doc>
<doc id="7025305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025305" title="Evil Touch">
Evil Touch



</doc>
<doc id="7025310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025310" title="Haeger Potteries">
Haeger Potteries

Haeger Potteries was a pottery manufacturer established in 1852 and based in Kane County, Illinois.
History.
The company started as a Dundee, Illinois brickyard along the Fox River in 1852, using clay from the riverbank. David H. Haeger, a German immigrant, became part owner of the Dundee Brickyard in 1871. Within a year Haeger was sole owner and had extended the business to include tiles. After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, Haegar shipped bricks into the city to help rebuild Chicago. By the 1920s the brickyard's production included teaware, luncheonware, crystal and glassware. At the Century of Progress Exposition in 1934 in Chicago, Haeger Potteries' exhibit included a working ceramic factory where souvenir pottery was made. 
In 1934, Royal Arden Hickman (1893–1969) joined the firm to design a line of artware sold under the brand name "Royal Haeger". Hickman was the chief designer from 1938-1944. Items produced during Hickman's tenure are marked "Royal Haeger by Royal Hickman U.S.A. R-###". During the 1950s, Hickman, no longer employed by Haeger Potteries, contributed designs to the company as a freelancer. Hickman's "iconic black panther, a sleek elongated stalking cat first produced in 1941," has been a decorative "staple in Black households since the '80s and '90s" and was featured in the 2024 video for Kendrick Lamar's "Squabble Up."
Haeger pieces have become collectible in recent years. The original Haeger Potteries Plant is found in the Village of East Dundee within the Dundee Township Historic District. Haeger also had a plant in Macomb, Illinois, which has since been demolished.
Alexandra Haeger Estes, great granddaughter of founder David Haeger, became president of the company in 1979. She announced on April 6, 2016 Haeger Potteries anticipated ceasing operations in May 2016, after 145 years in business.

</doc>
<doc id="7025315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025315" title="Terry parker">
Terry parker



</doc>
<doc id="7025317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025317" title="Bandeirante">
Bandeirante



</doc>
<doc id="7025318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025318" title="Dave Pike">
Dave Pike

David Samuel Pike (March 23, 1938 – October 3, 2015) was an American jazz vibraphone and marimba player. He appeared on many albums by Nick Brignola, Paul Bley and Kenny Clarke, Bill Evans, and Herbie Mann. He also recorded extensively as leader, including a number of albums on MPS Records.
Biography.
Pike learned drums at the age of eight and was self-taught on vibraphone. He made his recording debut with the Paul Bley Quartet in 1958. He began putting an amplifier on his vibes, when working with flautist Herbie Mann in the early 1960s. By the late 1960s, Pike's music had become more exploratory, contributing a unique voice and new contexts that pushed the envelope in times remembered for their exploratory nature. "The Doors of Perception", recorded in 1966 (released in 1970 for the Atlantic Records subsidiary Vortex Records) and produced by former boss Herbie Mann, explored ballads, modal territory, musique concrète, with free and lyrical improvisation, and featured musicians including alto saxophonist Lee Konitz, bassist Chuck Israels and pianist Don Friedman.
Pike moved to Europe and signed with MPS Records. With the collaboration of Volker Kriegel (guitar), J. A. Rettenbacher (acoustic and electric bass), and Peter Baumeister (drums), he formed the Dave Pike Set. The group recorded six records from 1969 to 1972 that ran the gamut from funky grooves to free, textural territory. Though short-lived, the group created a unique identity and textural palette. Kriegel's compositional and instrumental (playing acoustic, classical and electric guitar as well as sitar) contributions to the group helped set the Dave Pike Set's sound apart, organically incorporating influences from jazz, soul jazz, psychedelia, avant-garde music and world music.
Dave Pike died in Del Mar, California of emphysema, aged 77.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Herbie Mann
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7025320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025320" title="Peths">
Peths



</doc>
<doc id="7025334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025334" title="Misprison of felony">
Misprison of felony



</doc>
<doc id="7025353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025353" title="Crucial anastomosis">
Crucial anastomosis



</doc>
<doc id="7025361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025361" title="Hutton John">
Hutton John



</doc>
<doc id="7025363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025363" title="Misprison of treason">
Misprison of treason



</doc>
<doc id="7025364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025364" title="David J Matthews">
David J Matthews



</doc>
<doc id="7025367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025367" title="Boston Transportation Planning Review">
Boston Transportation Planning Review

Boston Transportation Planning Review (BTPR), published in 1972, was a transportation planning program for metropolitan Boston, Massachusetts, which was responsible for analyzing and redesigning the entire area-wide transit and highway system in the 1970s. The major contractors involved were Alan M. Voorhees Company (Virginia), project manager; Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (New York City), architect; ESL Incorporated (California), air quality and acoustics. The program had close guidance from the national Transportation Research Board (TRB), a division of the US National Academy of Sciences. The first director of the program reporting to the Governor was Alan Altshuler; the project manager was Walter Hansen.
Comprehensive re-evaluation of areawide transportation plans was a major theme in the last quarter of the twentieth century for large US cities. The US Department of Transportation has said "the prototype for these reevaluations was the Boston Transportation Planning Review". Scope of the BTPR studies included evaluation and upgrading of all four MBTA mass transit rail lines and examination of every major highway and arterial project in the region.
Major elements.
The following exemplify some of the principal study elements of the Boston Transportation Planning Review:
Technologies applied.
The following major technologies were utilized in the BTPR:
Further reading.
 — 214-page predecessor report on mass transportation planning

</doc>
<doc id="7025370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025370" title="Rely, Pas-de-Calais">
Rely, Pas-de-Calais

Rely (Picard: "Arly") is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Geography.
Rely is situated some west of Béthune and southwest of Lille, at the junction of the D341 (an old Roman road, the Chaussée Brunehaut) and the D90 road. The A26 autoroute passes by the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="7025371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025371" title="Thomas Goltz">
Thomas Goltz

Thomas Goltz (October 11, 1954 – July 29, 2023) was an American author and journalist best known for his accounts of conflict in the Caucasus region during the 1990s. He spent 15 years in and around Turkey and the Caucasus.
Career.
He directed and co-produced a documentary for Global Vision's Rights and Wrongs program which was a finalist in the Rory Peck Award for excellence in television journalism in 1996
Goltz has written news for most leading US publications, including the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post. In-depth articles have appeared in Foreign Policy magazine, The National Interest, The Washington Quarterly and other broad-based magazines. In  electronic media, he has worked on or produced video documentaries on a variety of topics for ABC/Nightline, BBC/Correspondent and CBS/60 Minutes.
He became known mainly as a crisis correspondent due to coverage of the first war between Azerbaijan and Armenia over Karabakh, the war of secession in Abkhazia from Georgia and the separatist conflict in Chechnya.
He spent time in Samashki, Chechnya before the massacre happened there. He made video reports about the massacre immediately afterwards. Goltz made a film out of them which was in mainstream in US, UK, and even in Russia.
On August 22, 2000, Goltz carried the symbolic “first barrel of oil” from Baku, Azerbaijan with IMZ sidecar motorcycle, to Ceyhan, Turkey with other 25 riders. They used to future Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline route at the time. The aim was to draw attention to this mega project which symbolizes both Azerbaijan's and Georgia's economic independence.
He lectured at most leading US universities including Columbia, Georgetown, Berkeley, Northwestern, Princeton, etc and foreign policy-related institutes in Azerbaijan, Canada, Georgia, the United Kingdom and the United States. Other than that he was also professor in Montana State University. In 2020, he was awarded an honorary PhD by the ADA University.
Personal life.
Thomas Goltz was born in Japan and raised in North Dakota. He graduated from New York University with an MA in Middle East studies. He married to Hicran Oge in 1984 in Istanbul, Turkey. Goltz spoke English, German, Turkish, and Azerbaijani fluently. He knew some Arabic, Russian and Japanese too. He died on July 29, 2023, at the age of 68 after a long illness. Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev sent a condolences message to his family and described Goltz as "great friend of Azerbaijan".
Controversy.
The Armenian National Committee of Canada accused Goltz of racism in March 2009 for remarks made at a lecture allegedly sponsored by Assembly of Azerbaijani-Canadian Organizations. According to the Armenian National Committee, Goltz characterized the Armenian inhabitants of Nagorno-Karabakh as "garlic-growing Armenians", and selectively mentioned instances of ethnic cleansing by Armenians against Azerbaijanis while omitting mention of cases of ethnic cleansing of Armenians by Azerbaijanis.

</doc>
<doc id="7025374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025374" title="The Nunda, Eater of People">
The Nunda, Eater of People

The Nunda, Eater of People is an abridged version of a Swahili fairy tale titled "" (), collected by Edward Steere (1828–1882) in "Swahili Tales, as told by natives of Zanzibar" (1870). Andrew Lang included it in "The Violet Fairy Book" (1901).
It is Aarne-Thompson type 550, the quest for the golden bird/firebird.
Synopsis.
A Sultan was very proud of his garden and of six of his seven sons, but he scorned the youngest son as weak. One day, he saw that his date tree was ready to fruit; he sent his oldest sons to watch it, or the slaves would steal the fruit and he would have none for many a year. The son had his slaves beat drums to keep him awake, but when it grew light they slept and a bird ate all the dates. Every year after that, he set a different son and finally two sons but for five years the bird ate the dates. The sixth year, he sent a man of his. His youngest son asked why he did not send him. Finally the father agreed. The youngest went, sent his slaves home and slept until early. Then he sat with corn in one hand and sand in the other. He chewed on the corn until he grew sleepy and then he put sand in his mouth, which kept him awake.
The bird arrived. He grabbed it. It flew off with him, but he did not let go, even when it threatened him. In return for its freedom, the bird gave him a feather and said if the son put it in a fire, the bird would come wherever he was. The son returned, and the dates were still there. There was much rejoicing.
One day, the sultan's cat caught a calf and the sultan refused compensation on the grounds that technically he owned both. The next day it caught a cow, and then a donkey, a horse, and a child and then a man. Finally it lived in a thicket and ate whatever went by but the sultan would still not entertain any complaints. One day, the sultan went out to see the harvest with his six sons and the cat sprang out and killed three. The sultan demanded its death, admitting it was a demon.
Against his desperate parent's wishes, the youngest son set out after the cat, which was called "The Nunda (Eater of People)" and could not find it for many days. Finally, he and his slaves tracked it over a mountain, through a great forest. The prince and slaves threw spears into it and ran away. The next day they carried it back to the town. The people and Sultan rejoiced because they had been delivered from the bondage of fear.
Versions.
First part.
Olga Töppen published a version of the first part of the story as "Der Dattelbaum" ("The Date Tree"), wherein a king has a date tree in his garden that is mysteriously attacked at night, and he orders his sons to stand guard. At the end of the tale, the king's youngest son discovers a bird coming to steal the dates.
Second part.
The tale was also collected in Zanzibar by George Bateman, with the name "Mkaaah Jeechonee, the Boy Hunter": his father is Sultan Maaj'noon and the huge cat is called Noondah. This version skips the episode with the bird and focuses on the hunt for the king's giant feline.
Another translation of the tale was "Nunda the Slayer and the origin of the One-Eyed", published by Chauncey Hugh Stigand and sourced from the Swahili language. This version lacks the introductory part with the bird and begins with the Sultan feeding his pet cat until he grows large enough.
German linguist collected a version of the second part of the story, titled "Hadisi ya nunda", which he translated to German as "Geschichte der bösen nunda" ("Tale of the Evil Nunda"). In this tale, a king orders his soldiers to find meat for his pet creature, which he feeds until it grows large enough.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The first part of the tale is classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as tale type ATU 550, "Bird, Horse, and Princess", or, previously, "The quest for the Golden Bird". The second part of the tale involves motif B.11.2.3.1, "The monster that devours everything". The second part of the tale sometimes exists as an independent story, such as the version "Hadisi ya nunda", collected and published by German linguist .
Motifs.
The Nunda monster.
Professor Alice Werner suggested the first part of the tale might have been a foreign importation. In regards to the Nunda (), she compared it to a series of stories from other African peoples about "The Swallowing Monster" that grows larger with each thing it devours and/or is capable of eating entire villages. The word "nunda" is also said to mean 'fierce animal', 'cruel man' or 'something heavy'.
The Nunda is also known as , from the Swahili ('strange one') . It appears to be a creature of large size, possibly a giant cat.
According to , the word "nunda" or "mnunda" is a Swahili term for a bloodthirsty monster or person.
Other motifs.
Edward Steere noted the resemblance of the hero's name, Sit-in-the-kitchen, with "Cinderella", another folktale character that sits in the ashes.

</doc>
<doc id="7025377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025377" title="Hutton Soil">
Hutton Soil



</doc>
<doc id="7025378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025378" title="WYCR">
WYCR

WYCR (98.5 FM, "Rocky 98.5") is a commercial radio station that is licensed to serve York and Hanover, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Forever Media, through licensee FM Radio Licenses, LLC, and broadcasts a classic rock format. Its broadcast tower is located near Hanover at ().
WYCR programming is simulcast on sister station WRKY and WRKY's translator on 92.5 MHz in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
WYCR airs "Nights with Alice Cooper" on weekdays and "The House of Hair with Dee Snider" on Saturdays.
History.
The Federal Communications Commission granted Radio Hanover, Inc. a construction permit for the station on June 15, 1960, with the WHVR-FM call sign. The station was granted its first license on December 27, 1962, by which time the call sign had been changed to WYCR.
On December 14, 2004, the station changed formats from contemporary hit radio (CHR) to classic hits, and switched branding from "98YCR" to "98.5 The Peak".
On March 1, 2016, Radio Hanover Inc. sold WYCR (and WHVR) to Forever Media for $2.6 million. The new owner changed WYCR's format to classic rock and re-branded the station as "Rocky 98.5" on April 25, 2016.
Following the completion of Forever Media's purchase of WONN-FM, WLPA and WLPA's translator on October 15, 2021, WLPA and its translator began a simulcast of WYCR programming. WLPA’s call sign was subsequently changed to WRKY effective November 1, 2021.
Simulcast.
One AM station simulcasts the programming of WYCR:
Signal note.
WYCR is short-spaced to two other Class B stations:
WKRZ "98.5 KRZ" (licensed to serve Freeland, Pennsylvania) operates on the same channel as WYCR and the distance between the stations' transmitters is 110 miles as determined by FCC rules. The minimum distance between two Class B stations operating on the same channel according to current FCC rules is 150 miles.
WMZQ-FM "98.7 WMZQ" (licensed to serve Washington, D.C.) operates on 98.7 MHz, a first adjacent channel to WYCR, and the distance between the stations' transmitters is 68 miles as determined by FCC rules. The minimum distance between two Class B stations operating on first adjacent channels according to current FCC rules is 105 miles.

</doc>
<doc id="7025383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025383" title="The Thistle &amp; Shamrock">
The Thistle &amp; Shamrock

The Thistle &amp; Shamrock is a weekly American syndicated radio program, named after the national emblems of Scotland and Ireland, specializing in Celtic music. It is heard on 380 National Public Radio (NPR) stations, and is available internationally on WorldSpace via NPR Worldwide; according to NPR, "Thistle" is the most listened-to Celtic music program in the world. It has been produced and hosted by Scottish native Fiona Ritchie since its inception in 1981.
On June 28, 2024, NPR announced that the show's final broadcast will be on September 30, 2024.
Background.
"Thistle" began at WFAE, a newly established NPR affiliate in Charlotte, North Carolina. At the time it went on the air in 1981, WFAE was licensed to the University of North Carolina at Charlotte (UNCC) and Ritchie was working as a volunteer, having returned there after spending a semester in 1980 there as a teaching assistant. Being a new enterprise in need of programming, WFAE invited Ritchie to create a program of Celtic music. It originally aired only locally, but became popular enough that it was picked up nationally on June 4, 1983.
"Thistle" features traditional music, the singer-songwriter genre, and the Celtic music contribution to world music. In-studio guests comment on the music and contribute exclusive content, including NPR's first mp3 music download and live festival recordings.
In the summer of 1990, Ritchie returned to Scotland where she continued to produce the program for NPR.
Although WFAE is no longer licensed to UNCC and has switched to a mostly news-talk format, the Charlotte station continued to carry "Thistle" as one of its few music programs for several years.
On September 30, 2024, Ritchie will discontinue the weekly series to devote time to other projects; she has not ruled out continuing to produce special programs after that.
Related products.
Ritchie has also produced several CD compilations of Celtic music, and authored a volume on Celtic music for the "NPR Curious Listener's Guide" book series, published in 2005. In 2006, Ritchie launched Thistlepod, a free podcast from NPR featuring new-releases from Celtic roots. In 2013, Ritchie launched Thistle Radio, featuring the classics of Celtic music. In May 2015, Thistle Radio moved from NPR to internet based radio station SomaFM.

</doc>
<doc id="7025385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025385" title="Rely">
Rely

Rely may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025390" title="Joan osborne">
Joan osborne



</doc>
<doc id="7025392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025392" title="Kiblah">
Kiblah



</doc>
<doc id="7025397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025397" title="Journalism in Australia">
Journalism in Australia

Journalism in Australia is an industry with an extensive history. Reporters Without Borders placed Australia 26th on a list of 180 countries ranked by press freedom in 2020, ahead of both the United Kingdom and United States. Most print media in the country is owned by either News Corp Australia or Nine Entertainment.
History.
Most of the published material in the first twenty years of the New South Wales colony was to inform residents of the rules and laws of the time. These were printed with a portable wooden and iron printing press. Since half of the convicts of the time were not able to read, it was compulsory for these notices to be read at Sunday church services.
On 22 November 1800, George Howe arrived in Australia. Nicknamed "Happy", Howe was born in the West Indies, although his father had been a native of Ireland. In London, Howe had worked in the print industry for several newspapers including "The Times", but was sent to New South Wales after being charged with shoplifting, a crime which was also punishable by hanging.
In 1803, Howe started production on Australia's first newspaper, the "Sydney Gazette". While much of its content was government notices, there was also an abundance of news to report in the burgeoning colony. An extract from the paper about the first Koala to be captured told of the "graveness of the visage", which "would seem to indicate a more than ordinary portion of animal sagacity".
One news gathering technique that Howe used for local content was to place a slip box outside of the store where the "Gazette" was published, to let the public suggest stories. Because of the country's geographic isolation, international news arriving via arriving ships was usually printed 10 to 14 weeks out of date.
The "Sydney Gazette" was the only paper published until 1824, when William Wentworth began publishing the colony's first uncensored newspaper, "The Australian" (no connection with the current paper of the same name, which was established by Rupert Murdoch in 1964).
The Australian Journalist's Association (AJA) was formed in 1910 and registered federally in 1911. In 1921, the University of Queensland became the first Australian institution to offer a diploma of journalism. The AJA was amalgamated in 1992 into the Media, Entertainment and Arts Alliance.
In 1956, Ampol Petroleum founder Sir William Gaston Walkley established Australia's most prestigious Journalism Awards, the Walkleys.
On 16 October 1975, five Australian journalists, now known as the Balibo Five, reporting on the invasion of East Timor (then Portuguese Timor) by Indonesia were murdered at a house in Balibo. The journalists, from both the Nine Network and the Seven Network, were killed by Indonesian soldiers after recording footage which proved Indonesia was behind the conflict, as opposed to the claim it was an internal Timorese coup.
Paul Moran, an ABC cameraman from Adelaide became the first Australian journalist to die while covering the Iraq war in March 2003. He was killed while working when a car bomb near him exploded. The ABC foreign correspondent working with Moran, Eric Campbell, survived the explosion and went on to write about the incident in his book "Absurdistan".
Legal protection.
Australian journalists are more vulnerable to defamation action than many of their international counterparts. Australia lacks both a bill of rights and an explicit rights to freedom of speech in the Australian constitution. Writing in 2021, the "BBC" stated that "Australian media outlets have been overwhelmingly united in their criticism of strict local defamation laws".
The 2006 Reporters Without Borders survey ranking the countries of the world in relative press freedom listed Australia as number 35 behind Ghana and Mauritius. Australia's score of nine had increased greatly since scoring a much better three in 2002. According to the Australia's Right to Know campaign, a collaborative effort between all major Australian media publishers and outlets, major causes in the decline of press freedom include anti-terrorism legislation (Australian anti-terrorism legislation, 2004 and Australian Anti-Terrorism Act 2005), sedition laws, suppression orders and Freedom of Information requests.
Implied freedom.
In 1992, the High Court of Australia saw the case of Australian Capital Television Pty Ltd v Commonwealth, concerning a decision the previous year which inserted Part IIID into the Broadcasting Act 1942. The resulting regulations banned political advertising during Federal, State or Local elections. There was some free time provided for political messages, but 90 percent of this was allocated to parties in the previous government. A majority decision found in favour of Australian Capital Television, ruling there was an implied right to freedom of political communication in the constitution.
The 4–3 decision of the Theophanous v Herald and Weekly Times Ltd case two years later enforced the previous ruling to the extent of validating the constitution's implied freedom of speech as a defamation defense, however this would not last.
"Lange v ABC".
In 1997, the High Court heard the case of former New Zealand Prime Minister Lange v Australian Broadcasting Corporation on the rulings of the Theophanous and "Stephens v West Australian Newspapers". "While the judges unanimously confirmed the existence of an implied constitutional freedom of political speech, they did not cite it as a defense against defamation action by politicians."
Since Australian law does not currently accept the implied freedoms as a defamation defense, Australian journalists facing slander or libel must use common law defense. This involves the defendant proving that they:
Education in journalism.
Many Australian universities provide journalism and communication courses. The majority of new Australian journalists have a tertiary education in the field. In 2000, seven of eight cadetships given by the "Age" were given to those with a journalism degree. In the same year, however, the Media, Entertainment and Arts Alliance estimated Australian universities produced approximately 600 students graduating with either a Bachelor of Journalism or an undergraduate degree majoring in Journalism, with another (approx.) 50 graduates with a Masters qualification. The alliance estimated these graduates were competing for fewer than 150 jobs. Since that time the situation has worsened considerably, with a record 4750 journalism students enrolled in 2010 for fewer than 1000 jobs. Additionally, depending on their own personal preference, many editors prefer to employ graduates with qualifications in other fields in the belief that they (as working journalists) are better equipped to pass on journalistic skills than academics (who have left the profession).
The following Australian tertiary educational institutions provide journalism courses:

</doc>
<doc id="7025398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025398" title="WGBS-LD">
WGBS-LD

WGBS-LD (channel 7) is a low-power television station licensed to Carrollton, Virginia, United States, serving the Hampton Roads area and primarily airing paid programming. The station is owned by Joan Wright.
The station began broadcasting in March 1994. For most of the 1990s, the station was a low-power independent outlet known as "Genesis TV7", mixing programs from the American Independent Network with local programs, some of them Christian, such as "Morning Praise", "Peninsula SportsCenter", and a community bulletin board. It originally broadcast from the former studio of WVEC in Hampton; the signal was broadcast from its former tower. In 1996, the station moved its studio to the Newmarket Fair shopping mall.
In 1998, Cox Communications removed WGBS-LP from its lineup in Hampton as part of a move to consolidate lineups in different Hampton Roads municipalities. The removal forced Genesis TV7 to lay off 10 employees and scale back its local programming.
The founders, Kenneth and Joan Wright, separated in 2017. In 2020, they signed an agreement whereby Kenneth transferred all of his interest in WGBS-LD to Joan Wright.
Subchannels.
The station's signal is multiplexed:

</doc>
<doc id="7025407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025407" title="Marvin V. Rush">
Marvin V. Rush

Marvin V. Rush A.S.C. is a director of photography, cinematographer, television director and a camera operator. He is perhaps best known for his work on the "Star Trek" franchise.
He was nominated twice for an Emmy Award in his cinematography work: in 1991 for the ' episode "" and in 1995 for the ' episode "Heroes and Demons".

</doc>
<doc id="7025410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025410" title="Ryan Kelley">
Ryan Kelley

Ryan Jonathan Kelley (born August 31, 1986) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Mean Creek", "Prayers for Bobby", as Ben Tennyson in "", and as Deputy Jordan Parrish on "Teen Wolf".
Early life.
Kelley was born and raised in Glen Ellyn, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois. He is the fifth eldest of 15 siblings (nine brothers and six sisters), and was raised as a Lutheran.
When he was two, his mother took him and five of his siblings to Chicago to meet an agent since the neighbors next door did the same thing. Kelley started appearing in commercials and gained his first role in a movie when he was in first grade and became a member of SAG at the age of four. He would travel to Los Angeles annually for pilot season and stay at the Oakwood apartments. Due to his being in and out of class, he was homeschooled during his last two years of high school. When he turned 18, he moved to Los Angeles.
Career.
In 2002, he had a supporting role in "Stolen Summer", which was a film made during "Project Greenlight". He also played the role of Ryan James in two episodes of "Smallville".
Kelley won an Independent Spirit Award for his performance in "Mean Creek" in 2004. Also in 2004 he played a lead role in the movie "The Dust Factory". In 2006, Kelley appeared in the film "Letters from Iwo Jima" as a marine. He also played Roy, a great-nephew of Butch Cassidy, in "".
He played a leading role in the movie "Prayers for Bobby" alongside Sigourney Weaver, which premiered in January 2009 on Lifetime. The "Contra Costa Times" called Kelley's portrayal of Bobby Griffith a "stirring performance". In November, he played the role of Ben Tennyson in "". In January 2012, Kelley was in the TV movie "Sexting in Suburbia", with Liz Vassey and Jenn Proske. In 2014, Kelley joined the cast of the MTV show "Teen Wolf" as Jordan Parrish, a young deputy.
In September 2021, it was announced that a reunion film for "Teen Wolf" had been ordered by Paramount+, with Jeff Davis returning as a screenwriter and executive producer for the film. The majority of the original cast members, including Kelley, reprised their roles. "" was released on January 26, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7025414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025414" title="Perforating artery">
Perforating artery



</doc>
<doc id="7025415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025415" title="Marvin Rush">
Marvin Rush



</doc>
<doc id="7025420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025420" title="Fernheim Colony">
Fernheim Colony

The Fernheim Colony is a Plautdietsch-speaking settlement of Mennonites originally from Russia of about 5000 in the Chaco of Paraguay. Mennonites from the Soviet Union founded it between 1930 and 1932. Filadelfia is the administrative center of the colony, seat of Boquerón department and is considered the 'Capital of the Chaco'. Fernheim is the second Mennonite colony in Paraguay, after Menno Colony.
In the late 1920s, some Russian Mennonites decided to escape persecution of "Kulaks" in Stalinist Russia, which meant the total destruction of the Mennonite religious and cultural life. They left their villages and gathered in Moscow. For humanitarian reasons they were admitted into Germany, because of their German ethnicity that they had adopted during their 200- to 250-year stay in German-speaking lands, even though most of their ancestors came from Flanders and Frisia. Because there was no place in Germany where they could settle together as a community, they moved to Paraguay a year later. There already was a large settlement of Russian Mennonites in Paraguay: Menno Colony. This first Mennonite settlement in the Chaco was founded by conservative Chortitza, Sommerfeld and Bergthal Mennonites from Canada in the 1920s. The Mennonite refugees from the Soviet Union settled nearby, founding Fernheim Colony.
The journey to Paraguay was extremely difficult. Their destination in the Chaco, set aside by Paraguayan government decree, was completely undeveloped. They traveled by steamboat up the Paraguay River from Asunción to Puerto Casado, from where they boarded a narrow gauge railway and traveled west into the Chaco region. From there it was a few more days of travel by oxcart to their settlement area. It was not until 1956 that the construction of the trans-Chaco highway connecting Asunción to Filadelfia was started.
The economic base of Fernheim is agriculture and processing of agricultural products. The most important products are cotton, peanuts, beef, milk and dairy products.

</doc>
<doc id="7025421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025421" title="BNN (Netherlands)">
BNN (Netherlands)



</doc>
<doc id="7025427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025427" title="Beryl (Dragon)">
Beryl (Dragon)



</doc>
<doc id="7025429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025429" title="Bart's Neverending Network">
Bart's Neverending Network



</doc>
<doc id="7025433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025433" title="Jenaro Sánchez Delgadillo">
Jenaro Sánchez Delgadillo

Jenaro Sánchez y Delgadillo was a Mexican Catholic priest who was executed by the Mexican military during the Cristero War in that country, born on 19 September 1886 and died on 17 January 1927. He is now honored as a martyr and saint by the Catholic Church.
Life.
Sánchez Delgadillo was born in the town of Agualele, in the municipality of Zapopan, Jalisco, the son of Cristóbal Sánchez and Julia Delgadillo, on 19 September 1886. With a scholarship, he entered the seminary of the Archdiocese of Guadalajara and was later ordained a priest of the Archdiocese by Archbishop José de Jesús Ortíz y Rodríguez on 20 August 1911.
Sánchez then served as a curate in various parishes of the Archdiocese, becoming known for his humility and his obedience to the pastors under whom he served. The care of the sick was a major focus of his ministry, as well as teaching the catechism to the children of the parish. When he was stationed in Cocula, Jalisco, he taught classes at a minor seminary established within the parish.
As a result of the increasing tension between the Catholic Church and the government of Mexico, in 1917 the Archbishop of Guadalajara, Francisco Orozco y Jiménez, issued a pastoral letter on behalf of the bishops of Mexico—most of whom were then in exile in the United States—in which he detailed the sufferings he was enduring for defending the rights of the Church against government interference. For reading this letter publicly at the Sunday service in his church, Sánchez was jailed by the local police.
In 1923 Sánchez was appointed as the vicar of the village of Tamazulita, within the parish of Tecolotlan. Due to the prohibition of public worship by the Republic of Mexico, Sánchez conducted secret Masses in private homes. He and his parents were given shelter by the Castillo family at their home at Rancho La Cañada. On 17 January 1927, he was out hunting with Herculano, Crescenciano and Cresencio Castillo, Lucio Camacho and Ricardo Brambila. Soldiers were waiting for him. Though everyone said he should escape, he decided to stay and face the consequences. The soldiers took them prisoner and tied everyone back to back. The others were released but the soldiers hanged Sánchez from a nearby tree.
Before dawn, the soldiers returned shot Sánchez in the left shoulder and then lowered the body to the ground. One of the soldiers then pierced his chest with a bayonet. Sánchez' body was then taken to a private home from which it was buried in the cemetery of Tecolotlan.
In 1934, with the approval of the Curia of Guadalajara, the remains were transferred to the parish church in Tecolotlan Cocula, Jalisco. He was beatified on 22 November 1992 by John Paul II and canonized by that same pope at the Jubilee of 2000, on 21 May of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="7025434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025434" title="The Official Bootleg">
The Official Bootleg

The Official Bootleg is a live album by Rudess/Morgenstein Project, made up of Jordan Rudess and Rod Morgenstein, released in 2001. The album is made up of tracks recorded during live shows taking place from April 1997 to February 1999.
Track listing.
"All pieces are composed by Jordan Rudess and Rod Morgenstein."

</doc>
<doc id="7025435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025435" title="Bart's News Network">
Bart's News Network



</doc>
<doc id="7025440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025440" title="Miniature faking">
Miniature faking

Miniature faking, also known as diorama effect or diorama illusion, is a process in which a photograph of a life-size location or object is made to look like a photograph of a miniature scale model. Blurring parts of the photo simulates the shallow depth of field normally encountered in close-up photography, making the scene seem much smaller than it actually is; the blurring can be done either optically when the photograph is taken, or by digital postprocessing. Many diorama effect photographs are taken from a high angle to simulate the effect of looking down on a miniature. Tilt–shift photography is also associated with miniature faking.
For video sequences, a way of strengthening the miniature impression is to run the video at higher speed than it was recorded. This appears to reduce the inertia which would normally limit the motion of large objects.
Characteristics of images.
In a typical scene, objects close to the camera are at the bottom of the image, and objects far from the camera are at the top. This is less true if the image includes significant height as well as depth; a tall object near the camera can extend the height of the entire image.
Only one plane can be in precise focus. Objects not in the plane of focus are blurred; the blurring increases with distance from the plane of focus. But blurring less than a certain amount is imperceptible under normal viewing conditions; objects for which blurring is imperceptible are within the "depth of field"
(DoF).
DoF decreases as magnification increases;
in a close-up photograph of a miniature scene, the DoF is limited, and it often is impossible to have everything appear sharp even at the lens's smallest aperture. Consequently, the foreground and background are often blurred, with the blur increasing with distance above or below the center of the image. In a photograph of a full-size scene, the DoF is considerably greater; in some cases, it is difficult to have much of the scene "outside" the DoF, even at the lens's maximum aperture. Thus a difference in DoF is one characteristic by which a photograph of a full-size scene is readily distinguished from one of a miniature model.
In typical photographs, there are no optical cues that specify the distance to objects (how far they are from the observation point) and so distance has to be inferred from the size of familiar objects in the scene. DoF blurring is a visual cue to distance. In a diorama illusion, the introduction of the blur cue appears to override this familiar information causing objects to appear miniature and toy-like.
Techniques.
A common technique for making an image of a full-size scene resemble an image of a miniature model is to have the image progressively blurred from the center to the top or bottom, simulating the blurring due to the limited DoF of a typical image of a miniature. The blurring can be accomplished either optically or with digital postprocessing.
Optical.
Miniatures can be simulated optically by using lens tilt, although the effect is somewhat different from the shallow depth of field (DoF) that normally results from macro photography.
In a normal photograph (i.e. one not using tilt):
In a photograph using tilt:
Despite the differences, for a scene that includes relatively little height, lens tilt can produce a result similar to that of a miniature scene, especially if the image is taken from above at a moderate angle to the ground. For a completely flat surface, the effect using tilt would be almost the same as that with a regular lens: the region of focus would be sharp, with progressive blurring toward the top or bottom of the image. The image of Jodhpur was made from such a scene; although the blurring was accomplished with digital postprocessing, a similar result could have been obtained using tilt.
The diorama effect using tilt is less effective if a scene includes objects of significant height, such as tall buildings or trees, especially when photographed at a small angle to the ground, because there is a sharpness gradient along surfaces that are obviously the same distance from the camera.
Though probably less common, similar difficulties arise if an object has significant extent along the line of sight, such as a long train receding from view, again photographed at a small angle to the ground, because parts of the train that are obviously at considerably different distances from the camera are rendered equally sharp.
With a view camera, tilt can usually be set with movements built into the camera; with a small- or medium-format camera, a tilt/shift lens or adapter is usually required.
Digital postprocessing.
A miniature can also be simulated digitally, using an image editor to blur the top and bottom of the photograph, so that only the subject is sharp. With basic techniques, e.g., a tool such as Adobe Photoshop's Lens Blur filter, using sharpness gradients extending from the middle of the image to the top and bottom, the effect is quite similar to that obtained using lens tilt.
The simple techniques have limitations similar to those of lens tilt. In the image of Jodhpur, the diorama simulation is quite effective, because the scene includes relatively little height and was photographed at a fairly high angle to the ground. The simulation is less convincing in the image of the train and in the image of the large, low building, because these scenes include several tall objects and were photographed at fairly low angles to the ground. In the image of the train, there is significant sharpness variation from the bottom of the train to the top, and the same is true for many of the trees, even though the tops and bottoms of these objects are at nearly the same distances from the camera. Similar effects occur in the image of the large, low building; although the diorama simulation of the main subject is reasonable, there are noticeable sharpness differences from top to bottom on the nearest light poles and on the taller building in the background, even though the tops and bottoms of these objects are at nearly the same distances from the camera.
More realistic simulation is possible using more advanced techniques. A simple "depth map" consisting of a linear gradient can be edited to give uniform sharpness to objects at the same distance from the camera. This effect cannot be achieved using lens tilt.
Even simple digital techniques afford greater flexibility than optical techniques, including the ability to choose the region of sharpness and the amount of blur for the unsharp areas after the photograph has been taken. In addition, digital miniature faking does not require a camera with movements or a special lens.
Other techniques to enhance the impression of a diorama scene are increasing the contrast of the picture, simulating the darker, harder shadows of a miniature under a light, and increasing the saturation of the picture to simulate the brighter colors of a painted miniature.
Digital techniques for motion pictures.
An advanced use of the diorama effect in a motion picture was a process developed by Clark James, dubbed Smallgantics, for "Harrowdown Hill", a music video for Thom Yorke of Radiohead. The project was produced at Bent Image Lab in July 2006 and directed by filmmaker Chel White. In this instance, the false diorama effect was achieved digitally using helicopter footage of full-size vernal and urban landscapes that was broken down into separate planes. It involves hand creating as many as eight planes of z-buffering over live-action footage, one frame at a time, resulting in an animated black and white matte (filmmaking) sequence. These mattes are then blended together with varying degrees of blur to create the effect of shallow depth of field.

</doc>
<doc id="7025442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025442" title="Vijita Fernando">
Vijita Fernando

Vijita Fernando (born 5 December 1926) is a Sri Lankan journalist, translator and fiction writer. She was a winner of the Gratiaen Prize and has received Sri Lanka’s State Literary Award.
Biography.
After graduating from the University of Ceylon, she worked for over thirty years at the Ceylon Daily News, where she was a feature writer, editor of the women’s page and the children’s page. Now she is a correspondent to Women's Feature Service (WFS), a network of women journalists worldwide writing from a woman’s perspective, with offices in New York City, Manila, Rome and Delhi. She also contributes to the health and science page of IslamOnline, a news and development website based in Cairo, in addition to contributing regularly to local English language newspapers.
While working at the Daily News she began translating Sinhala short stories for the Arts Page: nearly a hundred of her translations appeared in the Daily News in the 1960s and 70s. Her interest persisted, and now she has translated and published five Sinhala novels into English.
A collection of women’s short stories "Women Writing: Translations" also won a State Literary Award in 2002. Her translation of two novels by the novelist Gunadasa Amarasekara, "Out of the Darkness", won the 2003 Gratiaen Prize and a State Literary Award in 2004.
She also writes her own fiction. She has published two collections of short stories, "Eleven Stories" (1985) and "Once, on a Mountainside" (1995), and two children’s stories in English, "The Kitemaker" and "A Civet Cat in Our Well!" More recently she published with Sybil Wettasinghe two collections of folk tales based on "Andare" and "Mahadenamutta" retold in English, with illustrations by Sybil. She wrote her first novel, titled "Somewhere" in 2015.
She is a former chairperson of the Centre for Family Services, the NGO pioneered by Dr Manoranee Saravanamuttu for women and children affected by conflict. She is a member of SLACLALS, the English Writers' Cooperative, and the Sri Lanka Federation of University Women.
She lives in Welikadawatte, the intellectual community co-founded by her late husband, B.J.B. ("Bonnie") Fernando.

</doc>
<doc id="7025454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025454" title="Anticonsumerism">
Anticonsumerism



</doc>
<doc id="7025456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025456" title="Base of the sacrum">
Base of the sacrum



</doc>
<doc id="7025457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025457" title="Lateral surface of sacrum">
Lateral surface of sacrum



</doc>
<doc id="7025460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025460" title="Dorsal surface of sacrum">
Dorsal surface of sacrum



</doc>
<doc id="7025462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025462" title="Pelvic surface of sacrum">
Pelvic surface of sacrum



</doc>
<doc id="7025463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025463" title="Tilt-Shift Miniature Faking">
Tilt-Shift Miniature Faking



</doc>
<doc id="7025464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025464" title="Like It Is (film)">
Like It Is (film)

Like It Is is a 1998 British gay-themed romance film. It stars Steve Bell, Ian Rose, Roger Daltrey and Dani Behr.
Plot summary.
Matt (Rose) is a London music promoter who wants to one day own his own club. His flatmate is Paula (Behr), a pop singer whose music he helps promote. While accompanying her on a personal appearance at a gay club in Blackpool, Matt meets Craig (Bell), an unemployed youth who makes ends meet as a backroom bareknuckles fighter. They go back to Craig's place to have sex but it's Craig's first time and he freaks out. Matt leaves his card and takes off.
Craig wins his next fight and the fight promoter plans to put him against an opponent Craig labels a maniac. Rather than fight, Craig goes to London and finds Matt. Matt invites him to stay, but Paula's not pleased about it. Also not pleased is Kelvin (Daltrey), Matt's boss, who wants Matt to help put over his new pop group ZKC and doesn't want him distracted. Matt agrees to put the final touches on ZKC's music video in exchange for the opportunity to run Kelvin's club when it re-opens.
Meanwhile, a friend of Matt's offers Craig a staff job at his club. Unfortunately, on his first night he gets into a fight with one of the patrons. He calls Matt, who ditches a video editing session to retrieve Craig. Kelvin is livid, but invites Craig to a party at his house anyway.
The invitation is a pretext, however, to break up Matt and Craig. Kelvin offers Craig a job doing "market research" (meaning travelling around Northern England with several others, buying copies of Paula's and ZKC's new single to manipulate the pop charts) to keep him away from Matt for several weeks. He also aims Jamie, a member of ZKC, at Craig, who has a drunken one-night stand with him the night before he leaves for his job. While Craig is away, Matt learns about his fling with Jamie. Paula also acts to keep them apart, refusing to give Matt his messages from Craig.
Craig returns to London the night of a music awards show at which Paula and ZKC are scheduled to perform. Matt confronts Craig but forgives him, then has to calm down Paula, who's terrified of performing live, and Jamie. Kelvin tells Craig that he won't be needed any longer for "market research." Jamie and Matt have had a previous fling as well and, while high on cocaine, they start making out. Craig catches them and storms out. Matt catches up to him and Craig asks him to leave with him right then. Matt hesitates and Craig leaves.
Craig returns to Blackpool and agrees to take the fight. Matt, preparing for the club opening, decides to go to Blackpool after him. Kelvin fires him from the club and the record company. Matt meets Craig's brother Tony, who figures out the nature of their relationship. Tony, who just wants Craig to be happy, helps Matt find him, finally tracking him down at the fight. Craig loses badly, but he's bet all the money he made in London against himself and makes a big payday. Matt and Craig decide to give it another go.
DVD release.
"Like It Is" was released on Region 1 DVD on 7 August 1999. It was re-released 19 May 2004, along with "The Wolves of Kromer" and "Boyfriends" in a box set entitled The Best of Gay Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="7025465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025465" title="Be Somebody">
Be Somebody

Be Somebody may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025469" title="Vile (band)">
Vile (band)

Vile is an American death metal band, formed in 1996 in Concord, California by guitarist-producer Colin E. Davis (who is now the only original member in the line-up) and singer Juan Urteaga, recruiting the rest of the band from the ranks of disbanded groups such as Lords of Chaos, Entropy, Sporadic Psychosis and Thanatopsis. Vile toured the United States and Europe several times since their inception in 1996 including with Cannibal Corpse in 2004. Their most recent tour was of Japan in December 2013.
The band has released four studio albums between 1999 and 2011 and re-released their demos and some live material on "Rare Tracks", distributed by Hammerheart Records. The band started recording of the fourth album Metamorphosis on January 25, 2009, which was released in late 2011 by Willowtip Records in North America and Hammerheart Records in Europe.
Vile found publicity in the late 1990s when members of the band Cannibal Corpse praised their sound and wore their T-shirts in publicity photos. Although Vile's sound has a wide variety of influences, their first album contained riffs clearly influenced by Cannibal Corpse and the name Vile itself is the title of an album by Cannibal Corpse. Founding member Davis has stated that these relations were unintentional and his biggest early influence was the Florida band Morbid Angel. Vile is known for high standards in musicianship and studio quality, and Davis produced and recorded their albums, sometimes in coordination with singer Juan Urteaga.
Several members of the band have held positions in other well known extreme metal bands including Mike Hruboccak and Michael Poggione (both Monstrosity), Mike Hamilton (Deeds of Flesh, Exhumed), Reno Kiilerich (Dimmu Borgir, Hate Eternal), J.J. Hrubovcak (Hate Eternal), James Lee (Origin).
History.
The first two demos, "Unearthed" and "Vile-ation", recorded in 1996 and 1997 respectively constituted the original Vile lineup. Juan Urteaga (vocals), Colin Davis (guitar), Jim Tkacz (guitar), Matt Faivre (bass), Mike Hamilton (drums). The band's signature style, namely the mixture of Floridian style death metal riffing with catchy rhythmic grooves, was generated at this time. The band's self-released debut LP, "Stench of the Deceased", contained six of the previously recorded demo songs and two new songs, re-recorded. Jim Tkacz left the band before the album was recorded and was replaced by Aaron Strong, who had appeared on the previous demos as a guest lead guitarist.
During this period Vile played often in the Bay Area, often opening for more prominent acts such as Deicide, Cannibal Corpse, Morbid Angel and others. They toured eastward into Texas with Deeds of Flesh in 1997 and played a West Coast mini tour with Immolation in 1998.
The band received some initial positive attention in the death metal music scene and press due to fact that members of Cannibal Corpse spoke highly of them in interviews and wore their T-shirts publicly.
After the release of their debut LP, Relapse Records began courting the band and they played the Relapse stages at the 1999 Milwaukee Metalfest as well as the November to Dismember metalfest in San Antonio Texas the same year. They again played the Relapse stage at the year 2000 Milwaukee Metalfest.
Relapse Records signed the band to a three-album deal in 2000, but then dropped the band in 2001 during a period of quiet after drummer Mike Hamilton quit the band and Vile had a difficult time replacing him.
Hamilton was eventually replaced by drummer Tyson Jupin and the band signed to the French label Listenable Records as well as striking a North American deal with Unique Leader Records.
Vile released their second LP, "Depopulate" in 2002. This album was notably faster and more progressive and received good reviews from fans and the press. The band toured Europe in 2003 as a headliner with Mangled, Disavowed and Spawn of Possession. In 2004 they opened for Cannibal Corpse during the Tour of the Wretched North American tour. Both of these tours incorporated guest drummer Reno Kiilerich who subsequently played with Dimmu Borgir and Hate Eternal. The Cannibal tour also incorporated James Lee of the band Origin as fill in vocalist and Luke Jaeger on lead guitars.
In 2005 the band released their third LP, The New Age of Chaos. This album featured more prominent melodies and song structures were simplified. Singer Juan Urteaga performed on the album but left the band after its release. The band toured the US and Europe in support of the album in 2005 and 2006. Marco Pitruzella played drums for the band during a California mini tour in 2006 and brothers J.J. and Mike Hrubovcak (guitar and vocals) joined the band.
Vile was relatively quiet during the years of 2007–2011 as Colin Davis, remaining as the only original member of the band and a professional audio engineer (Imperial Mastering), dedicated himself to producing, recording and mastering.
Vile's fourth LP, Metamorphosis was released in late 2011 on Willowtip Records in North America and Hammerheart Records in Europe. The album's music and lyrics were written entirely by guitarist Colin Davis. The stylistic trend towards increasing melodies and standard song structuring continued. The band headlined a European tour in 2012 and played the West Coast and Japan in 2013. The band is currently on hiatus as founding member Davis is involved in a multi genre act called The 01EXPERIENCE.

</doc>
<doc id="7025474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025474" title="Free-tailed Bat">
Free-tailed Bat



</doc>
<doc id="7025485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025485" title="September Upper Midwest Tornado Outbreak">
September Upper Midwest Tornado Outbreak



</doc>
<doc id="7025494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025494" title="Pokémon I Choose You!">
Pokémon I Choose You!



</doc>
<doc id="7025508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025508" title="Little feller 2">
Little feller 2



</doc>
<doc id="7025518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025518" title="Ash Catches A Pokémon">
Ash Catches A Pokémon



</doc>
<doc id="7025522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025522" title="Sander Lantinga">
Sander Lantinga

Sander Lantinga (born 27 September 1976) is a Dutch program maker at BNN, and a radio-DJ at radio station 3FM from 2006 till 2015, in August 2015 he is one of the co host of the Coen en Sander Show on Radio 538. Lantinga drew worldwide attention as the streaker during the quarter final tennis match between Maria Sharapova and Elena Dementieva at Wimbledon in July 2006, a challenge he did for the BNN program "Try Before You Die".
He was one of the Dutch commentators alongside Cornald Maas for the Eurovision Song Contest 2021, held in Rotterdam, since usual co-commentator Jan Smit was one of the main hosts for that edition. Maas, Lantinga and Smit were all named members of the committee in charge of . He continued to hold this position for the and .

</doc>
<doc id="7025525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025525" title="Cinderella III">
Cinderella III



</doc>
<doc id="7025528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025528" title="Dave Wilson (radio personality)">
Dave Wilson (radio personality)

Dave "The King" Wilson is an American radio personality based in Indianapolis, Indiana. He hosted the afternoon "Dave Wilson Show" on 93.1 WIBC, (formerly 1070 AM-WIBC), an Emmis Communications station, in Indianapolis until let go in March 2009. Wilson is also a member of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network.
Wilson earned the nickname "The King" from his work on "The Bob &amp; Tom Show", in which his character was "The King", modeled after Elvis Presley. He was once the traveling partner with rising comic Jay Leno. Leno called Wilson "The Viking Comic" referring to his large physical size and beard.
Wilson owned One Liner's Comedy club in Greenwood, Indiana, a popular Indianapolis Comedy club and restaurant. The club was also known for an airplane sticking out of its roof. It was closed in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="7025529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025529" title="Jaques I of Haiti">
Jaques I of Haiti



</doc>
<doc id="7025531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025531" title="Boss (film)">
Boss (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7025536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025536" title="Land of the free?">
Land of the free?



</doc>
<doc id="7025539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025539" title="Education in the Philippines">
Education in the Philippines

Education in the Philippines is compulsory at the basic education level, composed of kindergarten, elementary school (grades 1–6), junior high school (grades 7–10), and senior high school (grades 11–12). The educational system is managed by three government agencies by level of education: the Department of Education (DepEd) for basic education; the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) for higher education; and the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA) for technical and vocational education. Public education is funded by the national government.
Private schools are generally free to determine their curriculum in accordance with existing laws and regulations. Institutions of higher education are classified as public or private; public institutions are subdivided into state universities and colleges (SUCs) and local colleges and universities (LCUs).
Enrollment in basic education has increased steadily since the implementation of the K-12 program, with over 28 million students enrolled in the 2022-2023 school year. In 2020, there were approximately 32 million learners aged 5 to 24 enrolled nationwide. An additional 640,000 out-of-school youth participated in the Alternative Learning System, while 1.6 million children aged 5 to 17 remained out of school as of 2023. Completion rates for primary and lower secondary education are relatively high, but drop-out rates and barriers to upper secondary and tertiary education remain, particularly among lower-income students.
History.
Pre-colonial period.
During the pre-colonial period, most children were not provided solely vocational training, supervised by parents, tribal tutors or those assigned to specific, specialized roles within their communities (for example, the "babaylan"). In most communities, stories, songs, poetry, dances, medicinal practices and advice regarding all sorts of community life issues were passed from generation to generation, primarily through oral tradition. Some communities utilized a writing system known as "baybayin", whose use was wide and varied, though other syllabaries were used throughout the archipelago. Inculcation of reverence for the god "Bathala", obedience to authority, loyalty to the family or clan, and respect for truth and righteousness were the chief aims of education.
Spanish period.
Formal education was brought to the Philippines by the Spanish, which was primarily conducted by religious orders. Upon learning the local languages and writing systems, they began teaching Christianity, the Spanish language, and Spanish culture. These religious orders opened the first schools and universities as early as the 16th century. Spanish missionaries established schools immediately after reaching the islands. The Augustinians opened a parochial school in Cebu in 1565. The Franciscans took to the task of improving literacy in 1577, aside from the teaching of new industrial and agricultural techniques. The Jesuits followed in 1581, and the Dominicans, in 1587, set up a school in Bataan. The church and the school cooperated to ensure that Christian villages had schools for students to attend.
Schools for boys and girls were then opened. "Colegios" were opened for boys, ostensibly the equivalent to present-day senior high schools. The Universidad de San Ignacio, founded in Manila by the Jesuits in 1589, was the first "colegio". Eventually, it was incorporated into the University of Santo Tomas, College of Medicine and Pharmacology, following the suppression of the Jesuits. Girls had two types of schools – the "Beaterio", a school meant to prepare them for the life at convent, and another, a "Colegio" , meant to prepare them for secular womanhood.
The Spanish also introduced printing presses to produce books in Spanish and Tagalog, sometimes using "Baybayin". The first book printed in the Philippines dates back to 1590. It was a Chinese language version of "Doctrina Christiana". Spanish and Tagalog versions, in both Latin script and the locally used "baybayin" script, were later printed in 1593. In 1610, Tomás Pinpin, a Filipino printer, writer and publisher, sometimes called the "Patriarch of Filipino Printing", wrote his famous "Librong Pagaaralan nang manga Tagalog nang Uicang Castilla", which was meant to help Filipinos learn the Spanish language. The prologue read:
First Public Schools.
.The Spanish Educational Decree of 1863 provided a free public education system in the Philippines, managed by the government. The decree mandated the establishment of at least one primary school for boys and one for girls in each town under the municipal government's responsibility and the establishment of a regular school for male teachers under the supervision of the Jesuits. Primary education was also declared free and available to every Filipino, regardless of race or social class. Contrary to what the Spanish–American War propaganda tried to depict and current popular media, they were not religious schools; instead, they were schools established, supported, and maintained by the Spanish government.
After implementing the decree, the number of schools and students increased steadily. In 1866, the total population of the Philippines was 4,411,261. The total number of public schools for boys was 841, and the number of public schools for girls was 833. The total number of children attending those schools was 135,098 for boys and 95,260 for girls. In 1892, the number of schools had increased to 2,137, of which 1,087 were for boys and 1,050 for girls. By 1898, enrollment in schools at all levels exceeded 200,000 students. There was some opposition to universal education from Spanish priests; only 1.6% of the population gained more than primary school education.
Among those who benefited from the accessible public education system were a burgeoning group of Filipino intellectuals: the "Ilustrados" ('enlightened ones'), some of whom included José Rizal, Graciano López Jaena, Marcelo H. del Pilar, Mariano Ponce, and Antonio Luna—all of whom played vital roles in the Propaganda Movement that ultimately inspired the founding of the Katipunan.
Non-Spaniards founded some schools during this period that were not colonial creations. Damián Domingo established in 1823 a fine arts school known as the "Academia de Dibujo y Pintura", now the Fine Arts College of the University of the Philippines. In 1868, Doña Margarita Roxas de Ayala established the girls' school "La Concordia", once regarded as the best girl's school in the colony. Asunción Ventura, a nun, founded in 1885 an orphanage the "Asilo de Looban" in Paco, an "arrabal" of Manila. It was the first orphanage founded by a Filipino and it would later offer academic and vocational instruction.
First Republic.
The defeat of Spain following the Spanish–American War led to the short-lived Philippine Independence movement, which established the First Philippine Republic. The schools maintained by Spain for over three centuries were closed briefly but reopened on August 29, 1898, by the Minister of the Interior. The "Instituto Burgos" (Burgos Institute), the "Academia Militar" (the country's first military academy), and the "Universidad Literaria de Filipinas" (Literary University of the Philippines) were established.
Article 23 of the Malolos Constitution mandated that public education would be free and obligatory in all schools of the nation under the First Republic. However, the Philippine–American War hindered its progress. Established in the American-occupied zone, "Colegio Filipino" (now National University) is a Philippine college that dates from this period and has survived. There also existed for many decades the Rosa Sevilla Memorial School, originally founded on July 15, 1900, as the "Instituto de Mujeres", an all-girls private school. The most notable institute of higher learning of this period was the highly regarded "Liceo de Manila" on "Calle Dulumbayan", now known as Rizal Avenue. It was established in 1900, and was known to have existed until the 1920s.
American period.
About a year after securing Manila, the Americans were keen to open up seven schools with army service members teaching with army command-selected books and supplies. In the same year, 1899, more schools were opened, this time with 24 English-language teachers and 4500 students. In that system, primary education consisted of 6 years of elementary and four years of secondary schooling. Until recently, it prepared students for tertiary-level instruction to earn a degree and secure a job later in life.
A highly centralized, experimental public school system was installed in 1901 by the Philippine Commission and legislated by Act No. 74. The law exposed a severe shortage of qualified teachers by large enrollment numbers in schools. As a result, the Philippine Commission authorized the Secretary of Public Instruction to bring more than 1,000 teachers from the United States, called the "Thomasites", to the Philippines between 1901 and 1902. These teachers were scattered throughout the islands to establish "barangay" schools. The same law established the Philippine Normal School (now the Philippine Normal University) to train aspiring Filipino teachers. Provincial governments supported the high school system. It included particular educational institutions, schools of arts and trades, an agricultural school, and commerce and marine institutes established in 1902 by the Philippine Commission.
Several other laws were passed throughout the period. In 1902, Act No. 372 authorized the opening of provincial high schools. While in 1908, Act No. 1870 initiated the opening of the University of the Philippines, now the country's "national university".
However, the emergence of high school education in the Philippines did not occur until 1910. It was borne out of rising numbers in enrollment, widespread economic depression, growing demand by big businesses and technological advances in factories, the emergence of electrification, and the growing need for skilled workers. High schools were created to meet this new job demand, and the curriculum focused on practical job skills that would better prepare students for professional white-collar or skilled blue-collar work. This proved beneficial for both the employer and the employee; the investment in human capital caused employees to become more efficient, which lowered costs for the employer, and skilled employees received a higher wage than those employees with just primary educational attainment.
However, a steady increase in school enrollment has hindered revisions to the then-implemented experimental educational system. Act No. 1801, also known as Gabaldon Law, was passed in 1907, which provided a fund of a million pesos for the construction of concrete school buildings and is one of many attempts by the government to meet this demand. In line with the "Filipinization" policy of the government, the Reorganization Act of 1916 provided that all department secretaries except the Secretary of Public Instruction must be natural-born Filipinos.
A series of revisions (in terms of content, length, and focus) to the curriculum began in 1925 when the Monroe Survey Commission released its findings. After failed attempts on implementing the curriculum, the process of implementing the K–12 curriculum finally started on May 20, 2008 during the administration of Gloria Macapagal Arroyo when Senator Mar Roxas filed the Omnibus Education Reform Act of 2008 (Senate Bill 2294) and within the process is the curriculum's effectivity on April 24, 2012 during the administration of Arroyo's successor Benigno Aquino III. The K–12 implementation process and phaseout of the 1945 K–10 curriculum took nine years and three Philippine presidents from Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in May 2008 to Rodrigo Duterte on June 5, 2017. After convening from 1906 to 1918, what was simply an advisory committee on textbooks was officiated in 1921 as the Board on Textbooks through Act No. 2957. However, the Board faced difficulties even up to the 1940s because financial problems hindered the possibility of newer adaptations of books.
The Moro Province originally had its own Department of Public Instruction, separate from the national system. Education rapidly expanded, with the number of teachers rising from 74 in 1904 to 239 by 1914. The number of schools rose from 52 in 1904 to 366 in 1920, with a corresponding increase in enrollment from 2114 to over 33,000. Such registration was primarily made up of first- and second-year students, after which attendance decreased. This increase also disproportionately benefited Christian inhabitants of the province, and most staff were Christians from elsewhere in the Philippine Islands. Perhaps less than 10% of Muslim children attended public schools in 1920, with attendance, remaining low throughout the American period. Education was primarily in English, and aimed to introduce American values to the local population. The Department of Public Instruction moved under the control of the National Bureau of Education in 1915. It was fully integrated into the national system by 1922, part of transferring government to local Filipinos as part of a pathway towards independence. Educational materials, when they began incorporating stories and cultural aspects from the Philippines, represented the mainstream Christian narrative. Under the Commonwealth of the Philippines, the national curriculum served as a tool to inoculate a single national identity across the diverse ethnolinguistic groups of the archipelago.
Japanese period and Second Republic.
During the Japanese occupation, education indoctrinated the public to inculcate Japanese ideologies, causing low enrollment rates. The Japanese Military Administration's Order No. February 2, 17, 1942, had six basic points: the propagation of Filipino culture; the dissemination of the principle of the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere; the spiritual rejuvenation of the Filipinos; the teaching and propagation of Nippongo; the diffusion of vocational and elementary education; and "the promotion of the love of labour".
After having been closed following the outbreak of the Pacific War, elementary schools, followed by vocational and regular schools, reopened. Colleges offering agriculture, medicine, fisheries, and engineering courses also resumed teaching. However, law courses were not instructed. Textbook passages concerning American ideologies of democracy were censored. Educational reforms required teachers to obtain licenses following rigorous examinations. All heads of educational institutions were also required to get support. Also, the teaching of Tagalog, Philippine History, and character education was reserved for Filipinos.
The Japanese created the following educational institutions: the Training Institute for former USAFFE soldiers; the Normal Institute; the Preparatory Institute of Government Scholars to Japan; the Government Employees Training Institute; the New Philippines Cultural Institute; Constabulary Academy No. 1 at the Mapa High School Building in Bagumpanahon; Constabulary Academy No. 2, at the former Araullo High School Building in Bagumbayan; Constabulary Academy No. 3 at the Torres High School Building in Bagumbuhay; Constabulary Academy No. 4 at the Legarda Elementary School in Bagumpanahon; and the Bureau of Constabulary Academy on Carlock Street in Cebu. During this period, the Philippine Nautical School, now known as the Philippine Merchant Marine Academy, remained in operation, and the Japanese authorities even increased its student population. A school established during the Japanese period which still exists is St. Paul College of Makati.
Third to Fifth Republic.
The country's education sector underwent several changes throughout the years after the relinquishment of the United States of its authority all over the Philippines in 1947. Then President Manuel Roxas issued Executive Order No. 94, which renamed the Department of Instruction into the Department of Education with the regulation and supervision of public and private schools belonging to the Bureau of Public and Private Schools.
After the war, the public school system was rebuilt by launching the Philippine Community School program, which received worldwide recognition. As early as 1953, the educational development in the Philippines drew attention from neighbouring Asian countries, with several Asian educators visiting the country to observe and study the vocational industrial schools. The American colonial government recommended a shift to the American system: six years (instead of seven) for elementary, three years of junior high school, and three more years of senior high school, for 12 years of basic education. The transition began with the removal of Grade 7 from elementary, but the addition of two years in high school was never completed.
Following independence, Islamic schools began to spread in Mindanao, creating a parallel educational structure to higher education.
Under the Marcos administration, the Department of Education became the Department of Education and Culture and, consequently Ministry of Education and Culture through "Proclamation No. 1081" and "Presidential Decree No. 1397", respectively.
The Education Act of 1982 provided for an integrated system of education covering both formal and non-formal education at all levels. Section 29 of the act sought to upgrade educational institutions' standards to achieve "quality education" through voluntary accreditation for schools, colleges, and universities. Section 16 and Section 17 upgraded the obligations and qualifications required for teachers and administrators. Section 41 provided for government financial assistance to private schools.
After the ratification of the 1987 Philippine Constitution, the fundamental aims of education in the Philippines were defined, and most importantly, elementary schooling was made compulsory for all children. Meanwhile, the Free Public Secondary Education Act of 1988 or Republic Act 6655 mandated free public secondary education commencing in the school year 1988–1989.
In 1987, the Ministry of Education, Culture and Sports again became the Department of Education, Culture, and Sports under Executive Order No. 117 and remained practically unchanged until 1994.
According to the 1991 report by the Congressional Commission on Education (EDCOM), the department was recommended to be divided into three parts. Thus, the passage of the Republic Acts 7722 and 7796 in 1994 led to the "tri focalization" of the educational system in the Philippines. Republic Act 7722, or the Higher Education Act of 1994, created the Commission on Higher Education (CHED), which assumed the functions of the Bureau of Higher Education and supervised tertiary degree programs Republic Act 7796 or the Technical Education and Skills Development Act of 1994, created the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA), which absorbed the Bureau of Technical-Vocational Education as well as the National Manpower and Youth Council, and began to supervise non-degree technical-vocational programs. Meanwhile, the Department of Education, Culture, and Sports retained all elementary and secondary education responsibilities.
Contemporary period.
The start of the twenty-first century saw a significant change in the Philippine education system. In August 2001, Republic Act 9155, otherwise called the Governance of Basic Education Act, was passed. This act changed the department's name to the current Department of Education (DepEd) and redefined the role of field offices (regional offices, division offices, district offices and schools). The act also provided the overall framework for school empowerment by strengthening the leadership roles of principals and fostering transparency and local accountability for school administrations.
In January 2009, the DepEd signed a memorandum of agreement with the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to seal in assistance to Philippine education, particularly the access to quality education in the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao (ARMM), and the Western and Central Mindanao regions.
On June 4, 2010, during the final days of the administration of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, the 2010 Secondary Education Curriculum (SEC, or "DepEd Order 76, Series of 2010") was implemented. The 2010 SEC, which focused on teaching and learning for understanding, was scheduled to be progressively mainstreamed from 2010 to 2014; however, it was only effective until June 1, 2015, and was phased out when the K–12 program of Arroyo's successor, Benigno Aquino III, became effective on Grade 10 (which changed from "Fourth Year" to "Grade 10").
After decades of surveys, consultations, and studies starting with the Monroe Survey in 1925 during the American period, the 9-year implementation process of K–12 curriculum finally began on May 20, 2008 when Senator Mar Roxas filed the Omnibus Education Reform Act of 2008 (Senate Bill 2294) to strengthen the Philippine education system through timely interventions on the quality of teachers, the medium of instruction used and the evaluation of students' aptitude, among other aspects. It mandates the effectivity of K–12 four years later on April 24, 2012 which increase in the number of years in basic education, from 10 years to 12 years as consistent with global standards. Senator and presidential candidate Benigno Aquino III then adopted the position of SB 2294 seven days after the start of the 2010s on January 7, 2010; he said this will "give everyone an equal chance to succeed" and "have quality education and profitable jobs." On June 6, 2011, Kindergarten became compulsory as a requirement for the effectivity of K–12 and start of phasing out K–10 on April 24 of the following year.
The K–12 educational system—one year of Kindergarten, six years of elementary education, four years of junior high school education, and two years of senior high school education—became effective on April 24, 2012; the K–12 also included a new curriculum for all schools nationwide. To guarantee continuity of the K–12 Program in the succeeding years, Kindergarten was formally made compulsory by the Kindergarten Education Act of 2012, while the further twelve years were institutionalized by the Enhanced Basic Education Act of 2013. The 1945 K–10 system was entirely phased out on June 5, 2017 upon K–12 became effective in Grade 6, ending the 9-year implementation process of the K–12 curriculum that spanned from the administrations of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo to Rodrigo Duterte.
In 2017, the Universal Access to Quality Tertiary Education Act was signed by Rodrigo Duterte, mandating the government through all state universities and colleges (SUCs) to provide free tertiary education for all Filipino citizens. The mandate does not include private schools; however, certain subsidies for students enrolled in private higher education institutions are available. In January 2021, the alternative learning system (ALS) was institutionalized by a law signed by President Duterte.
A new "less congested" and "revised" version of K–12, called the " curriculum", was launched by the DepEd, headed by Vice President Sara Duterte, in August 2023. This version of the K–12 reduced the learning areas for students from seven to five, and removed Mother Tongue as a separate subject; it also emphasized a "" learning area to instill Filipino identity and nationalism among students. It will be implemented in phases from 2024 to 2028 on Kinder and Grades 1 to 10.
Statistics.
In 2020, 32 million students aged 5 to 24 were enrolled in school in the Philippines. Enrollment in K–12 has increased from 24 million in the 2013 to 2014 school year to 28 million in the 2022 to 2023 school year. Additionally, 640,000 out-of-school learners studied in the Alternative Learning System. In 2023, 1.6 million children and adolescents, aged 5 to 17, were out of school. This represents 6% of school-aged children from K-12. Participation in early childhood education is limited, with 30.5% of children aged 3 to 4 attending preschool.
Completion rate.
The completion rate for primary education was 95.9%, 81.7% for lower secondary education, and 72.6% for upper secondary education in 2022. Among upper secondary students, aged 16 and 17, 12% are not attending school due to employment or lack of interest. This group is less likely to complete secondary schooling. In 2019, 24.4% of Filipinos aged 25 and over completed a bachelor's or equivalent degree.
Learning outcomes.
According to the Philippine Statistics Authority's (PSA) 2024 Functional Literacy, Education, and Mass Media Survey (FLEMMS), 93.1% of Filipinos aged 10 to 64 had basic literacy and 70.8% had functional literacy. The PSA defines functional literacy as including higher level comprehension skills such as integrating and making inferences with information.
Foundational skills attainment in basic literacy and numeracy remains elusive. In 2019, only 10% of students at the end of their primary education achieved the minimum reading standard and 17% achieved the minimum mathematical standard.
Disparities.
Significant disparities exist in educational outcomes across different regions and socioeconomic groups. The Philippines Early Childhood Education Longitudinal Study in 2022 found that students from urban poor and conflict-affected areas tend to have lower socio-emotional skills compared to similar aged peers that attended preschool or daycare programs. According to the 2024 FLEMMS report, basic literacy rates also vary by region, with Central Luzon having the highest rate at 92.8%, while the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao reported a lower rate of 81%.
Dropout rates varied by gender, with 8% of senior high school boys and 5% of senior high school girls leaving school before completion. As for higher educational attainment, 49% of individuals in the richest income decline pursue higher education, compared to only 17% of those in the poorest decile.
Educational stages.
Formal education is the hierarchically structured, chronologically graded 'education system', running from primary school through the university and including, in addition to general academic studies, various specialized programs and institutions for full-time technical and professional training.
K–12 and tertiary education from colleges are characterized as formal education. This does not include the informal education in the Philippines learned from daily experience, the educative influences and resources in their environment, or alternative learning systems provided by the Department of Education (DepEd), Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA) and other programs from educational institutions.
Basic education is grouped into four key stages: 1st key stage (kindergarten–grade 3), 2nd key stage (grades 4–6), 3rd key stage (grades 7–10) and 4th key stage (grades 11–12).
K–11 (1901–1945).
During the American period, the Philippines had three levels of education: the "elementary" level, which consisted of four primary years and 3 intermediate years; the "secondary" or high school level, consisting of four years; and the "college" or tertiary level. Every child from age 7 was required to register in schools in their respective town or province; students were given free school materials. Religion was not part of the curriculum of the schools as it had been during the Spanish period.
K–4th Year (1945–2017).
The K–4th Year system was used for 72 years from May 28, 1945 until K–12 curriculum became effective in Grade 6 on June 5, 2017. This consisted of one-year non-compulsory preschool education, six-year compulsory elementary education, and four-year compulsory high school education. Although public preschool, elementary, and high school education are free, only primary education is mandatory according to the 1987 Philippine Constitution.
Pre-primary education caters to children aged five; a child aged six could enter elementary school without pre-primary education. Following primary education is four years of secondary education, divided into three years of lower secondary and one year of upper secondary education; ideally, a child would enter secondary education at the age of 12. After completing secondary education, students may progress to a technical education and skills development to earn a certificate or a diploma within one to three years, depending on the skill.
The K–4th Year system co-existed with the current K–12 curriculum from April 24, 2012, until it was entirely phased out on June 5, 2017, upon the effectivity of K–12 in Grade 6. The last batch of this curriculum's high school students completed secondary education at the end of 2014-2015, with the elementary following in 2016–2017.
K–12 (2012–present).
The current basic education system in the Philippines, with implementation process spanned for 9 years from May 20, 2008 to June 5, 2017 during the administrations of Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to Rodrigo Duterte and became effective on April 24, 2012 as part of the process, comprises kindergarten and 12 years of primary and secondary education, all of which are compulsory. Students also have the option to enroll in higher education programs to earn a baccalaureate degree.
The new system divided secondary education into two: junior high school (from the first four years of the 1945–2017 K–10 system), and senior high school, which encompasses the 11th and 12th year of the new educational system. Senior high school serves as specialized upper secondary education, where students may choose a specialization based on aptitude, interests, and school capacity. The choice of career track will define the content of the subjects a student will take in grades 11 and 12. Because of the shift in the curriculum, the general education curriculum in college will have fewer units, as these subjects taken up in basic education will be removed.
Despite dating back as far as 1925 with the Monroe Survey during the American period, the implementation process of the K–12 curriculum only began in May 20, 2008 with the filing of the Omnibus Education Reform Act of 2008 (Senate Bill 2294) by Senator Mar Roxas. Kindergarten then became compulsory three years later on June 6, 2011, as a requirement for the effectivity of K–12 and start of phasing out process the 1945 or K–10 system on April 24 of the following year upon the start of the next school year (SY 2012–2013). On April 24, 2012, the K–12 became effective where the new curriculum was implemented on Grades 1 and 7 (with the latter changing from "First Year" to "Grade 7"); the K–10 system was entirely phased out on June 5, 2017, when K–12 was effective on Grade 6 which ended the 9-year implementation process of the new curriculum.
There were four phases during the implementation of the new system: Phase I: "Laying the Foundations", which aimed to implement the universal kindergarten and the development of the program; Phase II: "Modeling and Migration", which aimed to promote the enactment of the fundamental education law and to start the phased implementation of the new curriculum for grades 1 to 10, and for the modelling of the senior high school; Phase III: "Complete Migration", which aimed to implement the old high school finally and to signal the end of migration to the new educational system; and Phase IV: "Completion of the Reform", where the implementation of the K–12 education system is completed.
The Philippine government since the Arroyo administration on May 20, 2008, through the Omnibus Education Reform Act of 2008 filed by Mar Roxas, justified the 9-year implementation process of K–12 which included the effectivity of the new curriculum on April 24, 2012 during the administration of Arroyo's successor Benigno Aquino III as part of the process because prior to the new K–12 on the said date of April 2012 while the process was ongoing, the Philippines was the only country in Asia and one of the three countries worldwide with a 10-year pre-university cycle (Angola, Djibouti and Myanmar); the national government and later DepEd from 2012 also said the 13-year program is found to be the best period for learning under primary education, and is also the recognized standard for students and professionals globally.
K–12 education.
K–12 education in the Philippines covers kindergarten and 12 years of primary education to provide sufficient time for mastery of concepts and skills, develop lifelong learners, and prepare graduates for tertiary education, middle-level skills development, employment, and entrepreneurship. Education is compulsory for all children, and free public education is provided for pre-elementary, elementary, and high school.
Schooling is divided into pre-elementary school, primary education, called elementary school, and secondary education, divided into junior high school and senior high school.
Pre-elementary.
Children usually enter kindergarten at age 5. Pupils are mandated to learn the alphabet, numbers, shapes and colors through games, songs, pictures, and dances in their native language; thus, after grade 1, every student can read in their native tongue. The 12 original mother tongue languages introduced for the curriculum's effectivity on 2012–2013 school year are:
Seven more mother tongue languages were added during the 2013–2014 school year: Aklanon, Ibanag, Ivatan, Kinaray-a, Sambal, Surigaonon and Yakan.
Primary education.
Elementary school, sometimes called primary or grade school (, , or ), includes the first six years of compulsory education (grades 1–6) after mandatory preschool education Kindergarten.
From Kindergarten until grade 3, students are taught using their mother tongue, except for Filipino and English subjects; the mother tongue is also a separate subject for grades 1–3. English and Filipino are taught with a focus on "oral fluency". By grade 3, English and Filipino are gradually introduced as languages of instruction for other subjects.
Before the adoption of the Mother Tongue-Based Multilingual Education (MTB-MLE) system in 2012, a bilingual policy was used, wherein the medium of instruction was the Filipino language for Filipino, , ; English language was used for English, Science and Technology, Home Economics, and Livelihood Education. In July 2009, the DepEd ordered all elementary schools to implement mother-tongue-based instruction (from grades 1–3), with Filipino and English languages to be phased in as the language of instruction. A few private schools mainly catering to the elite include Spanish in their curriculum. In December 2007, President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo planned to reinstate Spanish as a mandatory subject in all Filipino schools starting in 2008, but this did not come into effect. International English language schools use English as the foundational language. Chinese schools add two language subjects, Min Nan Chinese and Mandarin Chinese, and may use English or Chinese as the foundational language.
In public schools, the core subjects introduced starting in grade 1 include Mathematics, Filipino, and (synonymous with Social studies). English is only taught after the second semester of grade 1; Science is introduced starting in grade 3. Starting as early as grade 1, Science and Mathematics subjects use the spiral progression approach that requires every lesson be taught in increasing complexity in every grade level until grade 10. Other significant subjects include Mother Tongue (grades 1–3); (EPP) for grades 4 and 5; Technology and Livelihood Education (TLE) for grade 6; and (synonymous to Ethics, Values or Character Education), and Music, Arts, Physical Education, and Health (MAPEH). In private schools, separate subjects are offered, including Computer Education; however, Computer Education is included in EPP and TLE through its ICT component. Religious Education is part of the curriculum in Christian and Catholic schools. International schools offer subjects in their language and culture.
Until 2004, primary students traditionally took the National Elementary Achievement Test (NEAT) administered by the Department of Education, Culture and Sports (DECS). The NEAT was intended to measure a school's competence, not as a predictor of student aptitude or success in secondary school; hence, the scores obtained by students in the NEAT were not used as a basis for their admission into secondary school. In 2004, when DECS was officially converted into the Department of Education, the NEAT was changed to the National Achievement Test (NAT); both public and private elementary schools take this exam to measure a school's competency. As of 2006, only private schools have entrance examinations for secondary schools.
Secondary education.
Secondary school in the Philippines, more commonly known as "high school" ( or ), consists of 4 lower and two upper levels: the lower exploratory high school system called "junior high school" (grades 7–10), and the upper specialized high school system called "senior high school" (grades 11 and 12). There are also science secondary schools for students who have demonstrated a particular gift in science at the primary level as well as special secondary schools and special curricular programs. Prior to the K–12 system, high school consisted of only four groups, with each level partially compartmentalized, focusing on a particular theme or content.
There are four main types of high school: the general secondary school, which enroll more than 90 per cent of all junior high school students; the general comprehensive high school; the secondary vocational school; and the special secondary school.
Junior high school.
Students graduating from the elementary level automatically enroll in junior high, which covers four years from grades 7 to 10. Some private secondary schools have competitive entrance requirements based on an entrance examination. Entrance to science, art, and schools with special curricular programs is also by competitive analysis, sometimes including interviews and auditions.
The Department of Education specifies a compulsory public and private curriculum for all junior high school students. There are five core subjects: Science, Mathematics, English, Filipino, and (Social Studies). Other subjects in all levels of junior high school include MAPEH (a collective subject comprising Music, Art, Physical Education and Health), Character Education () and Technology and Livelihood Education (TLE).
Other public or private secondary schools offer specialized curricular programs for students with gifts and talents and aptitude in sciences and mathematics, sports, the arts, journalism, foreign language, or technical-vocational education. These are under the DepEd, with the latter in partnership with TESDA. These special programs for special schools are Science, Technology, Engineering Program (STE, formerly called ESEP); Special Program in Sports (SPS); Special Program in the Arts (SPA); Special Program in Journalism (SPJ); Special Program in Foreign Language (SPFL); and Special Program in Technical-Vocational Education (SPTVE). These programs offer comprehensive secondary education in a particular academic or career pathway field. Because of being career-pathway oriented, unique and advanced subjects are provided in place of TLE subjects and sometimes include even more time and topics for specialized learning and training.
In selective schools, various languages may be offered as electives, like in an SPFL program, and other subjects, such as computer programming and literary writing, like in STEM schools or Laboratory High Schools. Chinese schools have language and cultural electives. International Schools offer electives or subjects like writing, culture, history, language, art, or a particular subject unique to the school. Preparatory schools like technical vocational schools or schools with TVL Programs usually add some business, entrepreneurship, and accountancy courses.
A particular government-run art school, such as the Philippine High School for the Arts (PHSA) (which the Cultural Center of the Philippines administers in coordination with the Department of Education and the National Commission for Culture and the Arts) offers a specialized and exclusive curricular program. Students from PHSA must maintain grades in their art field of specialization to continue studying in the institution. Only SPA students can enroll in PHSA for the second year after passing the exclusive test, auditions, and interviews. These schools offer scholarships for students with high aptitude and talents in science fields or the art fields, granting those who pass rigorous and exclusive tests many unique benefits like free board and lodging, free books, a monthly stipend, and classes taught by experts, masters, and active practitioners of their respective fields among others.
Senior high school.
Senior high school "completes" primary education by ensuring the graduate is equipped for work, entrepreneurship, or higher education. The old high school curriculum includes core classes and specialization classes based on student choice of specialization. Students may choose a field based on aptitude, interests, and school capacity. Classes or courses are divided into Core Curriculum Subjects and Track Subjects. All subjects (core, applied, and specialized) have 80 hours per semester each, except for Physical Education and Health, having 20 hours per semester.
The senior high school will be offered free in public schools. A voucher program will be in place for public junior high school completers and ESC beneficiaries of private high schools should they choose to take Senior High School in private institutions. This means that the burden of expenses for the additional two years should be borne only partially by parents. All grade 10 completers from a public junior high school who wish to enroll in a private senior high school will automatically get a voucher.
There are eight learning areas under the core curriculum: languages, humanities, communication, physical education, mathematics, philosophy, natural sciences and social sciences. These will make up 15 core courses with the same contents and competencies but with allowed contextualization based on the school's location despite specializations of tracks and strands. Track subjects will be divided into Applied or Contextualized and Specialization Subjects. There would be 7 Applied Subjects with competencies common to tracks and strands or specializations but with different contents based on specialization. There would be 9 Specialization Subjects with unique contents and competencies under a track or strand. Applied subjects include English for Academic and Professional Purposes, Practical Research 1, Practical Research 2, Pagsulat sa Filipino sa Piling Larangan (Akademik, Isports, Sining at Tech-Voc), Empowerment Technologies (for the Strand), Entrepreneurship and Inquiries, Investigations, and Immersion. Core subjects include Oral Communication, Reading and Writing, Komunikasyon at Pananaliksik sa Wika at Kulturang Pilipino, Pagbasa at Pagsuri ng Iba't-ibang Teksto Tungo sa Pananaliksik, 21st Century Literature from the Philippines and the World, Contemporary Philippine Arts from the Regions, Media and Information Literacy, General Mathematics, Statistics and Probability, Earth and Life Science, Physical Science, Personal Development, Understanding Culture, Politics, and Society, Introduction to Philosophy of the Human Person / Pambungad sa Pilosopiya ng Tao and Physical Education and Health
Tracks.
For their specialization classes, students choose from four tracks: Academic; Technical-Vocational-Livelihood; Sports; and Arts and Design.
The Academic track includes five strands of specializations:
The Technical-Vocational-Livelihood (TVL) track includes five current specializations from which TESDA-based courses can be chosen: Home Economics, Agri-Fishery Arts, Industrial Arts, Information and Communications Technology, and TVL Maritime (a Technical-Vocational-Livelihood counterpart of the Pre-Baccalaureate Maritime of Academic Track). A mixture of specialization courses from these four fields can also be done, depending on the curricular program and schools offering the TVL track.
The Sports track will prepare students with sports science, sports-related, physical education-related, health-related, and movement-related courses. This will be with safety and first aid systems, fitness testing and basic exercise programming, psychosocial aspects of sports and exercise, and human movement. This track will prepare students for careers in sports athletics, fitness, training, recreational leadership, sports event management, coaching, and physical therapy.
The Arts and design track will prepare students for the creative industries in various creative and artistic fields, including but not limited to performing arts and visual arts. Students will be trained with lectures and immersions in art appreciation, production, and performing arts. They will also learn and be prepared with physical and personal development, integrating elements and principles of art and building cultural and national identity in arts. Students also will be immersed in an art field of their choice.
Vocational school.
Formal technical and vocational education starts in secondary education, with a two-year curriculum, which grants access to vocational tertiary education. However, non-formal technical and vocational education is also provided as alternative learning programs.
Vocational schools offer a higher concentration of technical and vocational subjects besides the core academic subjects studied by students at public high schools. These schools tend to offer technical and vocational instruction in one of five main fields: agriculture, fisheries, trade-technical, home industry, and 'non-traditional' courses while offering a host of specializations. Students study a general vocational area from the five main fields mentioned during the first two years. During the third and fourth years, they specialize in a discipline or vocation within that area. Programs contain a mixture of theory and practice.
Upon completing grade 10 of Junior High School, students can obtain Certificates of Competency (COC) or the vocationally oriented National Certificate Level I (NC I). After finishing a Technical-Vocational-Livelihood track in grade 12 of Senior High School, a student may obtain a National Certificate Level II (NC II), provided they pass the competency-based assessment administered by TESDA.
Science high schools.
Science high schools are special schools for the more intellectually promising students to foster the problem-solving approach of critical thinking. As separate high schools, they have specific characteristics not found in regular high schools. However, any private or public high school can aspire to meet these minimum standards and be considered a science high school. These science schools are more exclusive and have higher standards than public high schools.
Precise science high schools like the Philippine Science High School System (PSHS) administered by Department of Science and Technology (DOST) and the RSHS System (RSHS) administered by the DepEd have biology, chemistry, and physics at every level or exclusive and advanced science and math subjects as subjects in technology, pre-engineering, and research. PSHS or RSHS students may transfer to a STEM program school but not the way around. PSHS students may assign to an RSHS and vice versa only for the incoming sophomore year. PSHS and RSHS students must maintain an average grade, especially in their advanced sciences and math subjects, on a quarterly basis or continue their education in these schools.
Students who completed at least four years of secondary education under the 1945–2017 K–10 system were awarded a Diploma () and a secondary school Certificate of Graduation () from the DepEd. Students are also granted a Permanent Record or Form 137-A, listing all classes taken and grades earned. Under the current 2012 K–12 system, the permanent record will be issued after the completion of senior high school.
Other types of schools.
Aside from the general public school, other types of schools exist: private schools, preparatory schools, international schools, laboratory high schools, and . Several foreign ethnic groups operate their schools, including Chinese, British, Singaporeans, Americans, Koreans, and Japanese.
Chinese schools.
Chinese schools add two subjects to the core curriculum: Chinese communication arts and literature. Some schools add Chinese history, philosophy and culture, and Chinese mathematics. Other Chinese schools, called cultural schools, offer Confucian classics and Chinese art as part of their curriculum. Religion also plays an integral role in the curriculum. American evangelists founded some Chinese schools, while some have Catholic roots.
Islamic schools.
In 2004, the Department of Education adopted "Department Order No. 51", including Arabic Language and Islamic Values in the standard curriculum for Muslim children in public schools. The same order authorized the implementation of the "Standard Madrasa Curriculum" (SMC) in the private "madaris". The SMC combines the RBEC subjects (English, Filipino, Science, Math, and ) and the teaching of Arabic and Islamic studies. Islamic schools have a separate subject for Arabic Language and Islamic Values (ALIVE). Arabic is taught in Islamic schools.
While there have been recognized Islamic schools—i.e., Ibn Siena Integrated School (Marawi), Sarang Bangun LC (Zamboanga), and Southwestern Mindanao Islamic Institute (Jolo)—their Islamic studies curriculum varies. With the Department of Education-authorized SMC, the subject offering is uniform across these private madaris.
Since 2005, the AusAID-funded Department of Education project Basic Education Assistance for Mindanao (BEAM) has assisted a group of private madaris seeking government permits to operate (PTO) and implement the SMC.
School year and class hours.
Until 2020 the academic year in basic education centers usually ran from June to March, with an intervening semestral break at the last week of October (around All Saints' Day). By law, the school year can begin as early as June or as late as August. In 2020, owing to the COVID pandemic, the school year moved for the first time to a shorter term beginning October 2020 and ending in June of 2021. The 2021-22 calendar finally returned to the dates mentioned by law with August 2021 as its opening, bringing the year in line with the university academic calendar.
There are two major school breaks: a semestral break from the last week of October to the first week of November including All Saints Day, and a two-week school break at the 3rd and last weeks of December around Christmas and New Year's Day (including Rizal Day). Other national school holidays are for Independence Day (June 12), Ninoy Aquino Day (August 21), National Heroes Day (last Monday of August), Bonifacio Day (November 30), Feast of the Immaculate Conception (December 8), Chinese New Year and People Power Day (February 25). The Muslim holidays Eid'l Fitr and Eid'l Adha are also national school holidays when they fall anywhere within the school year. With the switch of the calendar, Holy Week was added in 2021 to the school holidays list, lasting a whole week or just the Easter Triduum at the minimum. Schools may also have additional holidays at the provincial, city and municipal levels.
Students are required to go to school for five days (Monday to Friday). School days in most public schools are a daytime affair of 7am-5pm inclusive of flag ceremonies, breaks (commonly called 'recess') and lunch (12nn-1pm). However, in quite populated areas and/or public schools and some of the major private schools, it is usually divided into morning and afternoon shifts - the former usually beginning 6:00 am and ending at noon, and the latter from noon to 6:00 pm. In worse cases of congestion, schools may add a mid-day shift to alleviate classroom overcrowding.
Uniforms.
Filipino students at both public and private schools usually wear school uniforms, designated by each individual school. Mandatory school uniforms at public schools were abolished in 2008 under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo's orders.
Boys usually wear a collared shirt with pants or shorts (usually up to elementary level), and black leather shoes and white socks. Girls usually wear a collared blouse, with or without a necktie or ribbon, a calf-length skirt or jumper dress, and black shoes and white socks. Colors used usually vary by school, but usually match school colors, and most uniforms incorporate the school's seal, crest or logo. Students also wear Scouting and physical education (PE) uniforms at designated days each week, students of secondary schools and higher learning institutions with CAT (Citizen's Advancement Training) or National Service Training Program memberships may wear the uniform of their chosen track. Schools may also prohibit students from wearing make-up, jewelry or certain hairstyles.
Higher education.
Tertiary education matters are outside the jurisdiction of DepEd and are instead governed by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED). , there are over 1,975 higher education institutions (HEIs) in the country (excluding satellite campuses of state universities and colleges), classified into public and private institutions. There are 246 public higher education institutions which account for 12% of all HEIs; private institutions number at 1,729, accounting for 88% of all HEIs.
Public HEIs are further divided into state universities and colleges (SUCs), local colleges and universities (LUCs), and Other Government Schools (further composed of OGS, CSI [CHED Supervised Institution], and Special HEIs). SUCs are administered and financed by the national government as the Philippine Congress determines. LUCs are funded and established through ordinances and resolutions by local government units governing its area. Special HEIs, such as the Philippine Military Academy, offer programs related to public service and are administered through the use of specific laws that were created for them. Finally, government schools are public secondary and post-secondary technical-vocational education institutions that offer higher education programs.
Private HEIs are established and governed by special provisions by a Corporation Code and are classified as sectarian and non-sectarian. Sectarian HEIs are non-profit institutions owned and operated by religious organizations. Non-sectarian institutions are owned and operated by private entities that have no affiliation with religious organizations. Of the 1,729 institutions as of the Academic Year 2019–2020, 356 (21%) are sectarian, and 1,373 (79%) are non-sectarian.
According to CHED statistics, there were 17,202 foreign nationals studying in various HEIs in the Philippines as of Academic Year 2022–2023. Indians ranked first, with 8,973 students; the rest included Chinese (5,334), and Nigerians (838).
Secondary students used to sit for the National Secondary Achievement Test (NSAT), based on the American SAT and administered by the DepEd. Like its primary school counterpart, NSAT was phased out in November 2001 after significant reorganizations in the education department. Its successors, the National Career Assessment Examination (NCAE) (since 2006) and National Achievement Test (NAT) were administered to 3rd and 4th Year students, respectively, before the implementation of the K–12 system. The National Career Assessment Examination (NCAE) is now being distributed for grade 9, and the National Achievement Test (NAT) is being administered for grades 3, 6, 10, and 12. Neither the NSAT nor NAT has been used as a basis for being offered admission to higher education institutions, partly because pupils sit them at almost the end of their secondary education; instead, HEIs, both public and private, administer their own entrance examinations. Vocational colleges usually do not have entrance examinations.
Alternative Learning System.
The alternative learning system (ALS) in the Philippines caters to the needs of those unable to access formal education or those that have yet to receive proper instruction from traditional education institutions for various reasons. According to DepEd, ALS is a laddered and modular non-formal education program for dropouts in elementary and secondary schools. The program enables students to attend classes according to their desired timetables.
Although similar to formal teaching institutions, there will be a diagnostic test for any student to gauge their skill level needed per grade level. If a student needs to gain essential skills, such as reading and writing, an additional program is offered to help them learn the basics before taking the diagnostic test; a specific number of hours is required of the student to finish the program. There will be a final assessment to test the student's comprehensive knowledge. If the student passes, they will be given a certificate signed by the DepEd secretary, allowing them to apply for college degrees, work, and formal training programs. The student can re-enroll in elementary/secondary education in formal teaching institutions.
Non-formal technical and vocational education (such as centre-based programs, community-based programs and enterprise-based training, or the Alternative Learning System (ALS)) is assumed by institutions usually accredited by TESDA. These institutions may be government operated, often by a local government, or run by private organizations. They may offer programs ranging from a couple of weeks to two-year diploma courses. Upon graduating from most of these courses, students take an examination from TESDA to obtain the relevant certificate or diploma.
Indigenous peoples' schools.
The 1987 Philippine Constitution provides for recognizing and promoting indigenous learning systems under Article XIV, Section 2, Paragraph 1.
The national education policy framework for indigenous peoples was signed in 2011 by the DepEd to help promote the rights of Philippine indigenous peoples. The framework directs the DepEd, the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples, National Commission for Culture and the Arts, and other government agencies to provide adequate and culturally relevant learning to Philippine indigenous peoples. Government agencies are also tasked to develop textbooks and other learning materials.
Schools for the handicapped.
Schools for the handicapped in the Philippines cater to children with intellectual disability, including those with visual, hearing, and orthopedic impairments.
Teachers.
There are 876,842 public school teachers in the Philippines . The teacher-learner ratio in Philippine public schools in 2020 was 1:28 in public elementary schools, 1:25 in junior high school, and 1:29 in senior high school. There are 500,000 teaching and non-teaching staff members in private schools .
The starting pay for public school teachers in the Philippines is monthly. As many as 92% of public school teachers receive a monthly salary of to . Some private school teachers are paid ₱6,000 monthly. There are pending bills in Congress proposing salary increases for public school teachers.
To improve the quality of teachers' education in the country, in April 2022, President Rodrigo Duterte signed "Republic Act No. 11713". The law mandated the establishment of a scholarship program for aspiring education students; enhancing the Teacher Education Council; and designation of at least one teacher education institution, recognized by the Commission on Higher Education, as Center of Excellence in Special Needs Education in each of three island groups and three metropolitan areas in the country.
On June 3, 2024, President Bongbong Marcos signed Republic Act No. 11997, granting an initial teacher's 5,000 teaching allowance, previously known as "chalk allowance", for academic year 2024–2025, followed by 10,000 for School Year 2025–2026.
Students.
More than 27.2 million students are enrolled in 2021, 23.9 million of whom are in public schools. An estimated 2 million students aged 16 to 18 were not attending schools as of 2023.
Classrooms.
As of 2023, there are 327,851 school buildings in the country, 104,536 of which are in good condition. The 2019 National School Building Inventory reported a shortage of 167,901 classrooms in the country. The Senate Committee on basic education estimates that is needed to build classrooms for the country's education system.
Issues.
The Philippine education system struggles with policy implementation, and many government schools need more classroom space, textbooks, desks and learning equipment, such as libraries, computers and science laboratories. Most government schools with large class sizes run in two or three shifts. A local context of political and socio-religious tensions and a high rate of school principal turnover compound these bureaucratic weaknesses.
According to the Human Rights Measurement Initiative (HRMI), the Philippines is fulfilling 79.0% of its obligations for the right to education relative to its income level. The report indicates that the country is meeting 87.8% of expected outcomes for primary education, but only 70.2% for secondary education.
Affordability.
Affordability has been identified as a factor affecting educational access in the Philippines. While public education is officially free at primary and secondary levels, associated costs such as school supplies, transportation, and informal fees may present financial barriers. These costs have been linked to higher drop-out rates among disadvantaged populations.
In higher education, cost recovery, referring to the portion of educational expenses paid by students and families before realizing returns through employment, has placed additional financial strain on students. In the early 2000s, cost recovery rates in Philippine higher education was estimated to be as high as 85%, one of the highest in Asia, raising concerns about equitable access. In response, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and donor-supported scholarship programs have provided financial aid to alleviate affordability challenges.
Education-employment mismatch.
A disconnect between post-secondary education programs and the domestic labor market needs has contributed to underemployment and the emigration of skilled graduates from the Philippines. This education-labor mismatch has been linked to persistent brain drain in sectors such as healthcare, raising concerns about the alignment of tertiary education with national development priorities.
Studies note that Philippine higher education institutions were producing an oversupply of graduates in fields like business, engineering, and arts, while failing to meet national demand in vocational-technical specializations, mathematics, chemistry, and physics during the 1960s to 1980s. This mismatch has led to situations were graduates are unemployed or working aboard in roles not reflective of their education, further deepening the loss of skilled labor domestically.
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Several schools shut down and student enrollment dropped during the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines. As schools shifted to remote learning, students and teachers experienced difficulties due to the lack of gadgets, inadequate allowance for internet fees, and poor internet connection. These disruptions contributed to learning loss and increased incidence of mental health issues. According to the Asian Development Bank, Filipino students lost 61% of the expected years of schooling by age 18 due to prolonged closure of in-person classes. The Philippines and Venezuela were the last countries to resume face-to-face classes.
Inadequate funding.
According to the 2023 Philippine development plan, poor educational outcomes have been caused by "decades of incapacity and suboptimal investment in education." Government think tank Philippine Institute for Development Studies (PIDS) said that the country has not been spending enough to improve education.
PIDS linked underinvestment in education—including inadequate funding for classroom construction and maintenance, teachers' salaries, teacher training, and teaching materials—to the poor performance of students.
The Department of Education has proposed a budget of PHP758.6 billion for 2024, an increase of PHP36.8 billion. The increase is only 39% of the increase the department received in 2022-2023. The Philippine High School for the Arts, the National Museum, and other agencies under the Department of Education will be subject to substantial budget cuts under the proposed budget.
The Alliance of Concerned Teachers called for setting targets for addressing classroom shortages and proposed raising the salary grade of public school teachers.
Poor learning outcomes.
The Programme for International Student Assessment conducted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 2018 showed that 15-year-old students in the Philippines scored lower in mathematics, science, and reading compared to students from other countries that participated in the survey.
The "State of Global Learning Poverty 2022 Update" rated the Philippines' learning poverty at 90.9% for the year 2019, calculated through assessing Grade 5 students ratings in subjects of reading, writing, mathematics, and global citizenship.
Quality of teacher education.
Poor quality in teaching, questionable teachers' expertise on subjects that they teach, and below-average passing rates in Licensure Examination for Teachers (LET) have been identified as major issues in the country's educational system. Elementary teacher LET from 2014 to 2019 revealed an average passing rate of only 28 percent, while secondary teacher LET showed an average passing rate of 36 percent.
A 2021 World Bank report showed that learning poverty in the Philippines was linked to most teachers in the Philippines using ineffective teaching practices, teachers' lack of mastery, as well as teacher absenteeism.

</doc>
<doc id="7025542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025542" title="Paul Shapiro - Humane Society of the United States">
Paul Shapiro - Humane Society of the United States



</doc>
<doc id="7025545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025545" title="Labour Party (UK) Leadership election, 2007">
Labour Party (UK) Leadership election, 2007



</doc>
<doc id="7025548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025548" title="The Shops at Riverside">
The Shops at Riverside

The Shops at Riverside is a two-level enclosed shopping mall, located in Hackensack, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, off Route 4, along the Hackensack River. The mall has a gross leasable area (GLA) of . The "lavishly appointed" mall opened on March 10, 1977 with of retail space, which included a Bloomingdale's (expanded from an original freestanding site opened in 1959) and a Saks Fifth Avenue. Until 2005, the shopping center was known as Riverside Square Mall.
The Shops at Riverside caters to the suburban areas surrounding Hackensack in Bergen, Essex, and Passaic counties in New Jersey as well as Rockland County in New York State. The mall has 66 stores. The anchor stores are Bloomingdale's, Barnes &amp; Noble, Pottery Barn, AMC Theatres, and Arhaus.
History.
Originally a freestanding Bloomingdale's built in 1959, an enclosed mall was opened in 1977, and the shopping center became known as Riverside Square Mall. The original mall had a Southern California feel, with terra cotta tile, red brick, and skylights. In 1995, after years of declining traffic and lost tenants and amidst a major renovation and expansion of the nearby Garden State Plaza, The Shops at Riverside was completely renovated with new marble floors, glass railings, and comfortable seating.
From 2005 through 2008, The Shops at Riverside added of retail and dining space, including 30 new stores and three restaurants. Much of the space that was added is in a portion of the mall reclaimed from Bloomingdale's. The original Bloomingdale's Home Store bisected the mall, and was moved to the north end of the existing Bloomingdale's, while the 1977 expansion of Bloomingdale's was renovated in 2005 in preparation for the expansion in 2006. The expansion added three restaurants. It also added a new concourse that linked the north corridor to the south corridor.
In December 2014, Saks closed its Shops at Riverside location, freeing up more than of space that the company had occupied since 1977. Plans for re-purposing the space as a cinema and dining-entertainment complex were announced in May 2015. An AMC Dine-In Theater with nine screening rooms opened in most of the second floor on September 13, 2017.
The second phase of the renovation project included removal of the glass elevator, new flooring, a new set of escalators by Bloomingdale's, a new staircase in the center court, completion of the second floor portion of the mall and a new glass ball near the new movie theater. Most of the construction is expected to be finished by November 2018.
The third phase will include a new mall entrance with valet parking, a luxury lounge, and a coat check and personal shopping service. The Bloomingdales is also expected to be renovated. The third phase will be complete by late 2019.
Blue laws.
Due to New Jersey state blue laws that only apply in Bergen County most of the mall is closed on Sundays except for restaurants, the movie theater and those retailers exempt from the Sunday sales restrictions. Due to the mall not being located in Paramus it is notably allowed to have more Businesses open on Sundays. The mall was an organizer of an unsuccessful 1993 referendum effort to repeal Bergen County's blue laws. During the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, then Governor, Chris Christie ordered a suspension for a Sunday, everything to open, but went back a week later.
Public transportation.
NJ Transit bus lines that serve The Shops at Riverside are the 756 and 762 routes.
The NJ Transit New Bridge Landing train station in River Edge is approximately 5 minutes from the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="7025552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025552" title="BNN (Dutch broadcaster)">
BNN (Dutch broadcaster)

BNN (), short for Bart's Neverending Network (formerly Bart's News Network and later Brutaal News Network, as a pun on CNN), was a Dutch public broadcasting association supported by Netherlands Public Broadcasting. BNN was founded in 1997 by Bart de Graaff, Gerard Timmer and Frank Timmer and targeted teenagers and young adults. It produced entertainment and information television programming, radio programming, and feature films. Some of BNN's programming dealt with controversial subject matter, including most famously, a hoax reality special made to help raise awareness of the shortage of organ donors in the Netherlands.
History.
BNN became a public broadcasting association as a part of the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system on 15 August 1997, replacing former member Veronica. While Dutch media in general is known to be liberal in coverage of sexuality and drugs, even BNN's programming has been considered controversial.
Some of BNN's programs have included "Try Before You Die" – where presenters attempted to do things that they think people should do at least once in their life, made headlines when presenter Sander Lantinga acted as a streaker during a quarter-finals match at Wimbledon between Maria Sharapova and Elena Dementieva.
In May 2007, five years after the death of Bart de Graaff, who had suffered from kidney failure for almost all of his life, BNN announced "De Grote Donorshow" "(The Big Donor Show)", an initiative for promoting the filling in of a codicil for organ donation, in which three contestants would strive to be the recipient of a kidney donated by a terminally ill woman. The show aired on 1 June; at the end of the show it was revealed to be a hoax, attempting to draw attention to the low number of organ donors in the country.
BNN merged with the VARA on 1 January 2014 to form BNN-VARA.

</doc>
<doc id="7025553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025553" title="Labour (UK) leadership election, 2007">
Labour (UK) leadership election, 2007



</doc>
<doc id="7025554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025554" title="Katisha">
Katisha



</doc>
<doc id="7025559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025559" title="Crimson shining parrot">
Crimson shining parrot

The crimson shining parrot (Prosopeia splendens) is a parrot from Fiji. The species is endemic to the islands of Kadavu and Ono in the Kadavu Group. The species was once considered conspecific with the red shining parrot of Vanua Levu and Taveuni, but is now considered its own species. The species is sometimes known as the Kadavu musk parrot.
The crimson shining parrot is a medium-sized parrot (45 cm) with a long tail and bright plumage. The head, breast and belly are covered in bright crimson-red, its back, wings and tail are green with hints of blue in the wing. It has a long winged appearance in flight, flying with undulating bouts of flaps and gliding. The species is very vocal; the shrieks and squawks of the crimson shining parrot are of a higher pitch than that of the red shining parrot. On Kadavu it is unlikely to be mistaken for the other species of parrot, the collared lory.
The crimson shining parrot is a common forest species that has recently taken to entering gardens and agricultural land. Pairs forage for seeds and fruits. The species has not been observed nesting but is assumed to be a hole nester like red shining parrot. The species is considered to be Near Threatened by the IUCN due to its restricted range, habitat loss and the illegal trade in parrots.

</doc>
<doc id="7025564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025564" title="Texas Instruments Power">
Texas Instruments Power

Texas Instruments Power, known more popularly by its acronym TIP, is a series of bipolar junction transistors manufactured by Texas Instruments. The series was introduced in the 1960s, and still sees some use today due to their simplicity, their durability, and their ease of use. A Texas Instruments catalog in 1966 lists the TIP04 and TIP14 part numbers.
Specific models.
TIP29 and TIP30.
The TIP29 and TIP30 are complementary transistors, used in medium power linear switching applications. The TIP29 is NPN, while the TIP30 is PNP. One of their uses was in general purpose amplifiers.
TIP31 and TIP32.
A TIP31 an NPN bipolar transistor and TIP32 is the complementary PNP transistor. TIP31 transistors are designated as TIP31A, TIP31B, TIP31 to indicate increasing collector-base and collector-emitter breakdown voltage ratings. The TIP31 is packaged in a TO-220 case. TIP stands for Texas Instruments (Plastic) Power transistor. 31 is an arbitrary identifier.
These ratings are for the Fairchild TIP31 series. Other manufacturers may have other ratings for this part. These are absolute maximum ratings and should not be exceeded.
These characteristics apply to all types of TIP31 transistors (A, B, C). The characteristics are very similar between models, however differences may apply depending on temperature and/or manufacturing process.
TIP33 and TIP34.
Complementary silicon transistors for use in high power general purpose amplifier and switching applications. The TIP33 is NPN and the TIP34 is PNP. Both are rated for 10 A continuous collector current.
TIP35 and TIP36.
The two transistors are complementary silicon transistors, the TIP35 being NPN configured, while the TIP36 is PNP. Both are rated for 25 A continuous collector current.

</doc>
<doc id="7025565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025565" title="Taylor Eigsti">
Taylor Eigsti

Taylor Eigsti (born September 24, 1984) is an American jazz pianist and composer. Eigsti's trio features bassist Harish Raghavan and drummer Eric Harland. He is also a member of Eric Harland Voyager, Kendrick Scott Oracle, and Gretchen Parlato's group.
A child prodigy, Eigsti has been a faculty member at the Stanford Jazz Workshop at Stanford University since age 15. Eigsti has twice won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Instrumental Album, for "Tree Falls" in 2023 and "Plot Armor" in 2025.
Early life.
Eigsti was born to Nancy and Steve Eigsti on September 24, 1984, and grew up in Menlo Park, California. When he was three, his 17-year-old sister, Shannon, died of cancer. Her death made a lasting impression and continued to influence Eigsti's musical development. Eigsti's study of piano began at age four when he was inspired by his older sister, Shannon. He graduated salutatorian of his high school class at Woodside Priory School, where he returned to give the Commencement Address in 2010. He then had a brief stint at the University of Southern California's Thornton School of Music before dropping out, midway through his sophomore year, to pursue his musical career.
Musical career.
New York-based pianist and composer Taylor Eigsti started playing the piano when he was four years old. Growing up in Menlo Park, California, Eigsti was quickly labeled a prodigy, and has since released 7 albums as a bandleader, in addition to appearing on over 50 albums as a sideman. Eigsti has garnered multiple individual GRAMMY Award nominations over the years for his work as a recording artist and composer, including Best Instrumental Composition, and Best Jazz Instrumental Solo. Eigsti also co-wrote a featured composition with Don Cheadle for the 2017 GRAMMY-winning soundtrack to the motion picture "Miles Ahead".
Eigsti has traveled internationally with his trio and quartet, and has frequently performed as a sideman since moving to New York City in 2008. Eigsti has performed at the Hollywood Bowl, Carnegie Hall, Salle Pleyel, Red Rocks Amphitheatre, Royal Festival Hall, Konzerthaus, Vienna, Olympia Hall, Massey Hall, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall, and many festivals including Montreal International Jazz Festival, North Sea Jazz Festival, Mosaic Music Festival (Singapore), Monterey Jazz Festival, Stockholm Jazz Festival, Istanbul International Jazz Festival, Quito Jazz Festival, Jakarta International Java Jazz Festival, Sydney Jazz Festival, Newport Jazz Festival, Chicago Jazz Festival, Toronto Jazz Festival.
Eigsti has also been featured numerous times in various television specials, NPR appearances, commercials, and composed the theme music to the motion picture "Detachment" starring Oscar-winner Adrien Brody collaborating on the score with the Newton Brothers. In 2018, Eigsti was featured on a television special with Chris Botti for PBS's "Great Performances".
Eigsti has performed, toured, or recorded with Dave Brubeck, Chris Botti, Joshua Redman, Julian Lage, David Benoit, Terence Blanchard, Becca Stevens, James Moody, Esperanza Spalding, Lisa Fischer, Ernestine Anderson, Red Holloway, Kurt Rosenwinkel, Diane Schuur, Ambrose Akinmusire, Ben Wendel, Marian McPartland, Christian McBride, Nicholas Payton, Joshua Bell, Chris Potter, Stefon Harris, Sting, John Mayer, Hank Jones, Chick Corea, Snarky Puppy, Vanessa Williams, McCoy Tyner, Joey DeFrancesco, Charles McPherson, Geoffrey Keezer, Eldar Djangirov, Joe Lovano, The Doobie Brothers, and Frederica von Stade, among many others.
In addition to leading and performing with various small ensembles, Eigsti frequently has had the opportunity to work with, compose for and orchestrate music for various symphony orchestras, and has written music for orchestra and jazz ensemble. Various soloist and compositional features include the San José Chamber Orchestra, Oakland Symphony, New York Philharmonic, the New York Pops, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Colorado Symphony, Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra, Naples Philharmonic, Nashville Symphony, Sacramento Philharmonic Orchestra, Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras, Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, San Jose Youth Symphony, Golden State Youth Orchestra, Bear Valley Music Festival Orchestra, Tassajara Symphony, Reno Philharmonic and multiple featured collaborations with the Peninsula Symphony Orchestra.
Albums as a bandleader.
Eigsti released his first album "Tay's Groove" at age 14. It featured Seward McCain on bass and Dan Brubeck on drums. Eigsti's second album, "Live At Filoli", with John Shifflett on bass and Jason Lewis on drums, was recorded at a concert at Filoli Gardens on September 16, 2000. The trio played this concert as a last minute replacement for a Marian McPartland show. His third album, "Taylor's Dream", was released in 2001 on DIW Records. Eigsti's first nationally released album was "Resonance", recorded in 2003 and released on Bop City Records. It was the trio's third album together and peaked at number five in national jazz radio airplay.
Eigsti's first major label debut was titled "Lucky To Be Me". It was released on Concord Records in 2006. "Lucky To Be Me" features Julian Lage on guitar, Christian McBride on bass, and Lewis Nash on drums. The album received two Grammy Award nominations - one for "Best Instrumental Composition" on for his song "Argument", and the other for "Best Jazz Solo Performance" on "Freedom Jazz Dance". The album met with critical acclaim, but it was also criticized for being uneven. In 2008 Eigsti released "Let It Come To You", his second release with the Concord label. This album featured Julian Lage on guitar, Reuben Rogers on bass, Eric Harland on drums, Harish Raghavan on bass and Aaron McLendon on drums. Additionally, Joshua Redman, Edmar Castaneda, Dayna Stephens, Ben Wendel, and Evan Francis are featured as guests. Eigsti's next Concord album, "Daylight at Midnight", was released on September 21, 2010. This album features vocalist Becca Stevens and several arrangements of contemporary popular artists like Rufus Wainwright, Imogen Heap, and Elliott Smith.
On May 21, 2021, Eigsti released "Tree Falls" through GSI records. The album features drummer Eric Harland, who co-owns the GSI label, vocalists Becca Stevens, Casey Abrams and Gretchen Parlato, and bass guitarist David "DJ" Ginyard. The album won a Grammy for Best Contemporary Instrumental Album.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Eric Harland
With Gretchen Parlato
With Anton Schwartz
With Kendrick Scott
With Dayna Stephens
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7025566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025566" title="Mehmed">
Mehmed

Mehmed or Mehmet is the most common Turkish form of the Arabic male name Muhammad () ("Muhammed" and "Muhammet" are also used, though considerably less) and gains its significance from being the name of Muhammad, the prophet of Islam. Originally the intermediary vowels in the Arabic "Muhammad" were completed with an "e" in adaptation to Turkish phonotactics, which spelled Mehemmed, Mehemed and the name lost the central "e" over time. Final devoicing of "d" to "t" is a regular process in Turkish. The prophet himself is referred to in Turkish using the archaic version, "Muhammed". In Azerbaijani it is "Məhəmməd".
The name Mehmet also often appears in derived compound names. The name is also prevalent in former Ottoman territories, particularly among Balkan Muslims in Albania, Bosnia and Kosovo. The name is also commonly used in Turkish culture in the form of Mehmetçik, meaning "little Mehmet", for unranked soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="7025568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025568" title="Northern freetail bat">
Northern freetail bat

The northern freetail bat (Mops jobensis) is a species of bat found in Yapen, Seram Island, Western New Guinea and Northern Australia.
Taxonomy and etymology.
It was described as a new species in 1902 by American zoologist Gerrit Smith Miller Jr.
Miller placed it in the now-defunct genus "Nyctinomus", naming it "Nyctinomus jobensis".
Miller likely chose the species name "jobensis" because the holotype was discovered on Jobie Island near the community of Ansus.
The holotype was collected by Italian naturalist Odoardo Beccari.
Description.
It has been described as having "features reminiscent of Darth Vader."
From head to tail, it is approximately long.
Its head and body is long, and its tail is long.
Its forearm is long.
It weighs .
Biology and behavior.
They will fly and forage in groups of two or more individuals.
Its foraging style utilizes fast, direct flight suited for open areas or above canopies.
It is insectivorous, consuming beetles, bugs, moths, lacewings, grasshoppers, cockroaches, flies and leafhoppers.
It is one of the only species of bat in Australia that can be heard when foraging.
Its typical echolocation frequency is relatively low (16-25kHz), overlapping with the upper range of sounds audible to humans. Lower frequency sounds down to below 10kHz have been recorded, with speculation that these are more likely to relate to social calls.
It is nocturnal, roosting in sheltered places during the day such as tree hollows or caves.
These roosts can consist of many individuals, as it is a colonial species.
Range and habitat.
It prefers to forage in the tropical savannas of Northern Australia.
It is also found in urban areas, using artificial lights to forage for the insects attracted to them.
Conservation.
It is currently evaluated as least concern by the IUCN—its lowest conservation priority.
It meets the criteria for this assessment because it has a large geographic range, a large population, it occurs in protected areas, and it tolerates human modification of landscapes.
Its population trend is stable.

</doc>
<doc id="7025572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025572" title="Emptiness (Chinese constellation)">
Emptiness (Chinese constellation)

The Emptiness mansion () is one of the Twenty-eight mansions of the Chinese constellations. It is one of the northern mansions of the Black Tortoise.

</doc>
<doc id="7025575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025575" title="Chaerephon jobensis">
Chaerephon jobensis



</doc>
<doc id="7025579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025579" title="Paul H. Shapiro">
Paul H. Shapiro



</doc>
<doc id="7025580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025580" title="Superior ramus">
Superior ramus

Superior ramus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025586" title="Hawiian pizza">
Hawiian pizza



</doc>
<doc id="7025591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025591" title="Adjusted Peak Performance">
Adjusted Peak Performance

Adjusted Peak Performance (APP) is a metric introduced by the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) to more accurately predict the suitability of a computing system to complex computational problems, specifically those used in simulating nuclear weapons. This is used to determine the export limitations placed on certain computer systems under the Export Administration Regulations 15 CFR.
Further details can be found in the document "Practitioner's Guide To Adjusted Peak Performance".
The (simplified) algorithm used to calculate APP consists of the following steps:
The metric was introduced in April 2006 to replace the Composite Theoretical Performance (CTP) metric which was introduced in 1993. APP was itself replaced in November 2007 when the BIS amended 15 CFR to include the December 2006 Wassenaar Arrangement Plenary Agreement Implementation's new metric - Gigaflops (GFLOPS), one billion floating point operations per second, or TeraFLOPS, one trillion floating point operations per second.
The unit of measurement is Weighted TeraFLOPS (WT) to specify Adjusted Peak Performance (APP).
The weighting factor is 0.3 for non-vector processors and 0.9 for vector processors. For example, a PowerPC 750 running at 800 MHz would be rated at 0.00024 WT due to being able to execute one floating point instruction per cycle and not having a vector unit. Note that only 64 bit (or wider) floating point instructions count.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="7025594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025594" title="Toronto Symphony Youth Orchestra">
Toronto Symphony Youth Orchestra

The Toronto Symphony Youth Orchestra (TSYO) is an orchestral training programme for musicians under 22, based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The TSYO is led by the Toronto Symphony Orchestra's RBC Resident Conductor, Trevor Wilson, and coached by TSO musicians Shane Kim (Violin), Peter Seminovs (Violin), Ivan Ivanovich (Viola), Emmanuelle Beaulieu Bergeron (Cello), Christopher Laven (Double Bass), Miles Haskins (Woodwinds), Nicholas Hartman (Brass), and Joseph Kelly (Percussion). Previous conductors include Alain Trudel, who conducted the orchestra from 2004 to 2012, and Shalom Bard.
Founded in 1974 by Victor Feldbrill, the TSYO has a close partnership with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. A collaborative on-stage performance by the two orchestras named "Side-by-Side" is held annually at Roy Thomson Hall. Additionally, all TSYO members are encouraged to compete in an annual concerto competition. The prize of this competition is the opportunity to perform as a soloist for one of the TSO's young people concerts or with the TSYO.
Through their affiliation with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, the TYSO has worked with guest artists and conductors including: Henning Kraggerud, Vadim Gluzman, James Ehnes, Colin Carr, Pinchas Zukerman, Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg, Pekka Kuusisto, Yo-Yo Ma, Richard Stoltzman, Wynton Marsalis, Christian Lindberg, Colin Currie, Jukka-Pekka Saraste, Günther Herbig, Maxim Vengerov, Andrew Davis, Peter Oundjian, Alison Balsom, Alisa Weilerstein, James Gaffigan, and Stéphane Denève.
The group has toured within Canada and abroad. In 1999, the TSYO represented Canada at the Banff International Festival of Youth Orchestras. In 2012, the TSYO traveled to British Columbia with performances in Vancouver, Nanaimo, and Victoria. Other destinations have included Quebec, Texas, Massachusetts, California, Japan, and Europe.
History.
In June 1974, a proposal by Toronto Symphony board member John McDougall for a youth orchestra under the Toronto Symphony received funding and support from the board. During its first season, Victor Feldbrill was chosen as the first music director of the TSYO. On February 2, 1975, the inaugural concert of the TSYO was performed in the MacMillan Theatre at the University of Toronto Faculty of Music.
In the summer of 1985, the TSYO toured in Europe. The orchestra performed in the Netherlands, England, and Scotland; the tour began at the International Festival of Youth Orchestras in Aberdeen, Scotland. The tour ended at the London Youth Festival, where the TSYO was the only non-British youth orchestra invited to the festival. The tour was planned to coincide with the United Nations' International Year of Youth.

</doc>
<doc id="7025599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025599" title="TSYO">
TSYO



</doc>
<doc id="7025623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025623" title="Erich Weber (Xenosaga)">
Erich Weber (Xenosaga)



</doc>
<doc id="7025624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025624" title="Duke Tumatoe">
Duke Tumatoe

Duke Tumatoe, born William “Bill" Severen Fiorio in 1947, is an American blues guitarist, vocalist and songwriter. He has performed with Muddy Waters, Bo Diddley, B.B. King, Willie Dixon, Buddy Guy, John Fogerty and George Thorogood. He was an early member of REO Speedwagon, a group that later became an arena-rock success. He has released fifteen albums as the bandleader of Duke Tumatoe and The All-Star Frogs and Duke Tumatoe and The Power Trio. His 1988 live album "I Like My Job" was produced by John Fogerty. He followed a rigorous tour schedule for most of his career, typically playing more than 200 dates per year.
Early life.
Duke Tumatoe was born in June 1947 in Chicago. His father was a first-generation Italian immigrant whose family hailed from San Bonifacio, Italy, a northern Italian town outside Verona. He grew up in Beverly, a neighborhood in southwestern Chicago. 
The South Side is where Chicago blues originated, and it was an influence on Tumatoe. As a teen, he often visited the market at Maxwell Street to hear live blues. He said, "I first saw Muddy Waters when I was 13. We were hearing that stuff all the time and just assumed everybody was, too. I knew all the old guys, and I'd see them every day. I can't believe I took that for granted."
He learned to play drums at age 14 and guitar a year after that.
Career.
Lothar and the Hand People.
In 1965, Tumatoe enrolled in the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and founded the short-lived band Lothar and the Hand People, named by classmate Bill Geist.
REO Speedwagon.
In 1967, while living in Champaign, Illinois, Tumatoe joined REO Speedwagon in their nascent stages, replacing Bob Crownover, alongside founding members Neal Doughty and Alan Gratzer. The band started as a soul band, inspired by Otis Redding, Sam and Dave and The Doors. In 1969, the band decided to take a more straightforward approach to rock and roll, so Tumatoe, who wanted to play blues music, left the group to pursue his own musical endeavors. Tumatoe said, "It became more and more obvious that we weren't meant to play together...they're really hard-working people. I have nothing but good things to say about them."
Duke Tumatoe and The All-Star Frogs.
In 1969, Tumatoe founded Duke Tumatoe and The All-Star Frogs. The band featured guitar, bass, drums, harmonica and keyboards. They toured for thirteen years and released four albums (see discogs). The All-Star Frogs featured keyboardist James Mitchell Hill, whose playing has been compared to Booker T. Jones. Hill continues to play with Tumatoe through the present day.
Duke Tumatoe and The Power Trio.
In 1983, Tumatoe disbanded The All-Star Frogs and formed The Power Trio. The new group consisted of guitar, bass, drums and keys, though certain lineup changes featured two guitarists and no keys. The Power Trio performed an average of 200 dates per year, and have released twelve albums to date.
John Fogerty and "I Like My Job".
In 1987, John Fogerty of Creedence Clearwater Revival undertook his own ethnomusicologist mission by traveling through the South and Midwestern United States to discover regional acts that could not be heard on radio. In Mishawaka, Indiana, Fogerty heard a radio advertisement for Duke Tumatoe. He attended the show that evening and was so impressed he returned on four consecutive evenings. "The first time I heard Duke it gave me chills," said Fogerty:
I hadn't experienced energy like that in a long time. It was like walking in on Jimmy Swaggart in his heyday. Everybody in the audience was shouting and screaming and having a good time. I mean the crowd was just eating out of this guy's hand. Immediately the light went on in my head—somebody ought to record these guys.
Fogerty then began producing records. He played a cassette of a live recording of Duke to Warner Bros. Records president Lenny Waronker and was approved to begin recording what would become the 1988 live album, "I Like My Job". Determined to capture the live energy of the band, Fogerty assembled over 24 hours of live recordings before beginning the mixing process. Fogerty and engineer Alan Johnson spent three months mixing the record.
Of the mixing process, Fogerty said:
I'd take a piece of a song from one night and add pieces from other nights...a bridge here, a chorus there. I was looking to get as close to that feeling I had when I first saw him. At the same time, it was important to me that I didn't mess with the material itself. Duke is a great songwriter, and great song interpreter. I really wasn't able to tell which tunes were originals and which were covers and that's the way I liked it. This is his music, played his way. I just sort of assembled the best moments.
Capturing Tumatoe's crowd interaction was a concern. "That interaction was vital. Which is why you get a lot of call and response on the record. Duke is a very quick guy. And very funny. He knows how to work a crowd and it was my hope that the energy would come across on record."
“Lord Help Our Colts”.
Shortly after moving to Indianapolis in the 1980s, Tumatoe befriended Tom Griswold of “The Bob &amp; Tom Show,” a nationally syndicated radio program that fuses comedy and music. In 1985, Tumatoe was looking for a way to promote a local blues club called Uncle Slugs, and Griswold suggested he write a song about the city's new NFL team, the Indianapolis Colts, which had formerly been the Baltimore Colts. The result was the tongue-in-cheek “Lord Help Our Colts,” a catchy twelve-bar blues jingle with a static chorus and verses that could easily be updated to recap each game. “I, of course, wrote the song in a form that I thought if necessary, I could easily update, which turned out to be a real good thing, a smart move,” says Tumatoe. To date, he has sung more than 800 versions over the past thirty years.
Tumatoe performed the songs weekly on air, and though they were a hit with fans, some of the players and coaches took umbrage to his lyrics, especially when Tumatoe couldn't resist taking a dig. On a few different occasions, Tumatoe barely avoided physical altercations initiated by drunken quarterbacks or angry coaches. Says Tumatoe, “I think people miss a basic thing about the blues, and I don’t understand why they don’t get it. Blues is a light-hearted music. They’re stories that make fun of what goes on in your life. Don’t get me wrong, I’m a football fan. I enjoy these games. I watch them all. But the premise of all these guys getting millions and millions of dollars to play a kids’ game is in and of itself not serious. It's a cause to celebrate when they're winning, but it really doesn't affect your life other than it's nice when your team is doing well. And these guys are getting millions of dollars, and these guys are bitching about it when you criticize their performance? I didn't really criticize their performance. I just made it rhyme."
Musical style.
Tumatoe is a self-taught guitarist who learned to play by watching Chicago’s blues legends. His guitar playing has been described as “B.B. King played through Jimi Hendrix (with a touch of Andy Gill).”
Tumatoe’s songs are noted for their humor, something he explains as, "There are two elements of the blues. There's the general intensity of the music…and an element of humor, some twist in the lyrics. It's like a comedian turning something sad into something funny."
Gear.
Tumatoe's primary guitar is a 1957 Gibson Les Paul Jr. named “Albert,” an homage to Albert King, a blues legend with whom Tumatoe has performed.
Personal life.
Tumatoe has been married for 33 years and has 6 grown children. Says Tumatoe, “I’ve had a great life. If you get a chance the next time around, pick Duke Tumatoe. It’s a lot of fun."

</doc>
<doc id="7025625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025625" title="Kalyani Malik">
Kalyani Malik

Kalyan Malik (born 1972) is an Indian music director and playback singer in Telugu cinema. Since achieving recognition through Chandra Sekhar Yeleti's film "Aithe" (2003), Malik has provided musical scores for many other films. His most recent works are composing for "Oohalu Gusagusalade" (2014) and as sound supervisor for "". He is known by various other names Kalyan Koduri, Koduri Kalyan.
Early life.
Kalyani Malik was born as "Koduri Kalyani". He born and brought up in Kovvur, to Siva Shakthi Datta and Bhanumathi. He is the brother of music composer M. M. Keeravani and cousin to director S. S. Rajamouli, S. S. Kanchi and M. M. Srilekha.
His birth name was Kalyani. He suffixed Malik to his name, as he is a devotee of Lord Mallikarjuna of Srisailam, and uses the screen name "Kalyani Malik". He is known by various other names Kalyan Koduri, Kalyana Ramana, Kalyani Koduri, Kalyani, Koduri Kalyan.
Career.
Malik started off as a chorus singer with his brother M. M. Keeravani's compositions. Later, it was with the song "Sannajaji Poova" from "Yuvaratna", composed by his brother, that he was noticed as a full-fledged singer. After singing quite good number of songs for his brother, he started assisting his brother and learned the nuances of music composing. After gaining experience, his journey as a solo music director started with jingles, TV serials and finally the entry to the silver screen happened with "Aithe". This was follow by albums such as "Ashta Chemma", "Ala Modalaindi", "Golconda High School" and "Oohalu Gusagusalade".

</doc>
<doc id="7025637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025637" title="Superior pubic ramus">
Superior pubic ramus



</doc>
<doc id="7025644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025644" title="Cover Flow">
Cover Flow

Cover Flow is an animated, three-dimensional graphical user interface element that was integrated within the Macintosh Finder and other Apple Inc. products for visually flipping through snapshots of documents, website bookmarks, album artwork, or photographs.
Cover Flow is browsed using the on-screen scrollbar, mouse wheel, gestures, or by selecting a file from a list, which flips through the pages to bring the associated image into view. On iPod and iPhone devices, the user slides their finger across the touch screen or uses the click wheel.
Apple discontinued the use of Cover Flow after settling a patent suit against Mirror Worlds. It is now absent on the Mac in everything other than Finder with OS X El Capitan. In macOS Mojave, a completely different Gallery view feature replaces Cover Flow in Finder. It was removed from iOS in 2015 with the release of iOS 8.4, which replaced the Music app with Apple Music.
History.
Cover Flow was conceived by artist Andrew Coulter Enright and originally implemented by an independent Macintosh developer, Jonathan del Strother. Enright later named the interaction style "fliptych" to distinguish it from the particular Cover Flow implementation.
Cover Flow was purchased by Apple Inc. in 2006, and its technology was integrated into its music application, iTunes 7.0, which was released September 12, 2006. The name was previously "CoverFlow" without a space.
The last release of Steel Skies’ stand-alone application, version RC1.2, was released on September 10, 2006, and freely distributed until the end of the next day only; however, it remains available for download from MacUpdate.
On January 9, 2007, when Apple announced the iPhone, it was announced that it would incorporate Cover Flow technology.
During the WWDC Keynote on June 11, 2007, Steve Jobs announced that Cover Flow would be added as a view option in Mac OS X Leopard's Finder.
On September 5, 2007 Apple announced that Cover Flow would be utilized in the third generation iPod nano as well as the new iPod classic and iPod Touch models. Cover Flow was integrated into the fourth-generation iPod nano by the use of an accelerometer which accesses Cover Flow when the iPod nano is turned horizontally on its side.
On March 14, 2008, Mirror Worlds LLC sued Apple for infringing on its patents (nos. 6006227, 6638313, 6725427, and 6768999) (Mirror Worlds, LLC, vs Apple, Inc; Texas Eastern District Court) 
On February 24, 2009, Cover Flow was also included with the public beta of Safari 4, with the final version of Safari 4, released on June 8, using Cover Flow to browse history, bookmarks, RSS feeds, Bonjour, and the Address Book.
In April 2010, Apple was granted US design patent D613,300 on the Cover Flow interface.
On October 1, 2010, Apple was ordered to pay $625.5 million to Mirror Worlds LLC for infringing utility patents relating to Cover Flow. On April 4, 2011, Judge Davis reversed the judgement.
With the release of version 11 of iTunes, Cover Flow was removed from the iTunes interface.
iOS 7 saw Cover Flow replaced by Album Wall. This feature shows tiles of album art in rows when the device is in landscape. This feature was removed with the release of iOS 8.4 on June 30, 2015.
In macOS Mojave, Cover Flow was removed from Finder and replaced by gallery view.

</doc>
<doc id="7025648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025648" title="Mehmed Pasha">
Mehmed Pasha

Mehmed Pasha or Mehmet Pasha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025649" title="Inferior ramus">
Inferior ramus

Inferior ramus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7025655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025655" title="Almy, Wyoming">
Almy, Wyoming

Almy was a coal mining camp in Uinta County, Wyoming, United States, near the town of Evanston. In 1881, an explosion killed 38 miners in the Central Pacific Mine, marking the first mine explosion west of the Mississippi River. Another explosion killed 13 in 1886, and a third explosion in Red Canyon in 1895 killed 62 miners, the third worst mining disaster in Wyoming history. Following the second explosion, the Wyoming territorial legislature established the office of the state mining inspector, which eventually shut down the Almy mines in the 1940s after it was deemed too dangerous to mine there.
1881 explosion.
On March 4, 1881, gases in the Central Pacific Mine number 3 exploded, killing 38 miners. On March 10, the Cheyenne Weekly Leader reported the disaster:
A terrific explosion occurred last night between 9
and 10 o'clock in the Central Pacific mine, killing 35
Chinamen and 3 white men. The mine was opened in
1869 and is nearly worked out. It is mine No. 3,
Nos. 1 and 2 having-been worked out. About 200
men worked in the mine by day and as many as 75
at night. Nearly the whole force was Chinamen. A
fire had been raging in the mine for 5 years, but it
had been hemmed in by stone walls. The supposition
is that gas accumulated and in some way communicated
with the fire . The explosion burned the surface
works, and the mine slope was set on fire . Fifteen
men were rescued alive from the fourth level. and
1 was badly injured from the north air course.
1886 explosion.
On the night of January 12, 1886, gas ignited at the Almy Number 4 mine claiming 11 men and 2 boys. The Deseret Evening News in Salt Lake City described the disaster:
The night of January 12 about 25 minutes to 12, the people of the vicinity were startled by a loud report as of thunder, and for a few seconds the sky was illuminated for miles like a bright-yellow sunset. The noise and light, proceeding from the No. 4 mine, was caused by an explosion of gas, the force of which was so terrific as to blow all of the building's above-ground into kindling wood, sending great timbers and rocks three-quarters of a mile. Miners’ houses were' struck and pierced, but the people in them were not seriously injured. Two miners riding down the slope in a trip of empty cars had got down to the 3d level when the explosion broke the cars into fragments and shot them out as from a cannon. The two bodies were blown to pieces and were found a considerable distance from the portal. Eleven men and two boys were said to have been in the mine, and all were killed. (Rescue' crews forced their way into the mine and placed temporary brattices to permit recovery of the bodies. The last was brought, out January 15. The explosion was thought to have originated in the 13th level on the south side of the mine, when gas was ignited by a miner's open light. Although the mine had been troubled with gas the fireboss had reported it clear at 6 a. m. on the day of the explosion.
1895 explosion.
On March 20, 1895, an explosion combined with flying debris at the Red Canyon #5 mine near Almy killed 62 miners. It is the third worst mine disaster in Wyoming history, exceeded only by disasters in Kemmerer and Hanna.
Rescue squads tried to enter the mine all through the night, but without success. There were no survivors from the initial explosion.
Additional information including press quotations, a map of Almy, and a list of the dead available here

</doc>
<doc id="7025661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7025661" title="Fejér quadrature">
Fejér quadrature



</doc>
