<doc id="6912409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912409" title="Hugh Daily">
Hugh Daily

Hugh Daily (July 17, 1847 – after 1923), nicknamed "One Arm" Daily, was an Irish born professional right-handed pitcher who played six seasons, for seven different teams; the Buffalo Bisons, the Cleveland Blues, and the St. Louis Maroons of the National League, Chicago Browns and Washington Nationals of the Union Association, and the Cleveland Blues of the American Association. He was known for having a surly disposition and was not well liked by baseball executives, which occasioned his frequent change of teams. However, he was a favourite of fans wherever he played.
Daily was successful as a starting pitcher early in his major league career. In 1883 and 1884, he won 20 or more games each season, while finishing in the top ten among league leaders in major pitching categories such as earned run average (as calculated retroactively, since E.R.A. was not an official statistic at the time), innings pitched, complete games, and strikeouts. Daily established the pitching record for strikeouts in a season (later surpassed), tied a record by tossing two consecutive one-hitters, broke the record for one-hitters in a season, and threw a no-hitter. After his initial three years of success, the final three years of his career were marked by quick decline in his seasonal numbers, and he was gone from organised baseball shortly thereafter. Today he remains a mysterious figure, as there is little record of his activities after his career. It is unclear where he lived and where he died.
Nickname and disposition.
His nickname, "One Arm" Daily, is a reference to his left arm; he had lost his left hand to a gun accident earlier in his life. To compensate for this injury, he fixed a special pad over the affected area and caught the baseball by trapping it between the pad and his right hand. Sometimes, after long games of having to catch baseballs this way, his stump would become sensitive – so sensitive in fact, that he once punched his catcher for not heeding his warning to throw the balls back to him softer.
Daily was well known for having a bad disposition, he has been described as surly, and having a volatile temper. Other sources add to that: mean, contemptuous, and uncommunicative. While this behaviour was not well liked by the baseball establishment, he was popular with the home crowds because of his verbal tirades against umpires and opposing players alike.
Some theories attempt to explain Daily's tempestuous behaviour, one of which was put forth by Frank Vaccaro in his 1999 edition of "The National Pastime". His theory explains that, in Daily's day, except in cases of injury, for a pitcher to be relieved from his position, another player already in the game would have to relieve him, and the pitcher would have to take a position in the field. His physical condition did not allow him many opportunities to play any other positions, so this compelled his managers to leave him in the game longer, even when his performance was declining. He was allowed to play in the field on several occasions, when the situation warranted it, as he is credited as playing three games in the outfield, two at second base, and one at shortstop.
Early career.
Born in Ireland, Daily first began playing baseball professionally around the Baltimore area, often receiving more lucrative offers to play in more prominent leagues, all of which he declined, preferring to stay in the local area. His reputation, along with actions such as verbally assaulting umpires and fans, forced him to move on to other teams, which landed him in New York City playing for the Metropolitans, which was an all-professional club but had yet to join a major league; they later joined the National League in 1883. He became the team's ace pitcher, winning 38 games, including notable victories against Cap Anson's Chicago White Stockings, and most of the other top professional teams in the country at the time.
Major league career.
Daily's performance that season caught the eye of Major League teams, and he signed with the Buffalo Bisons for the 1882 season. Although he shared starts with future Hall of Famer Pud Galvin, he was able to pitch in 29 games, winning 15 of them.
He was playing for the Cleveland Blues of the National League when he pitched a no-hitter on 13 September 1883 against the Philadelphia Quakers, a 1–0 victory. He finished the season with a 23–19 win–loss record, and finished in the top ten in several pitching categories. He finished second in the league with two shutouts, fifth place with a 2.42 earned run average, seventh in strikeouts with 171, and ninth in the league in wins, games pitched, and games started. However, he did lead the league with 99 walks – a remarkable total, given that in 1882 and 1883 walks were issued after seven balls rather than four.
For the 1884 season, he feasted on the upstart Union Association's lack of talent, pitching for the Chicago Browns (which became the Pittsburgh Stogies), and for the Washington Nationals later in the season. He finished with a 28–28 win–loss record, but did have a low 2.43 ERA, and set a few records in that lone season for the Association. Daily struck out a total of 483 batters that season, a record that was surpassed only in 1886 by both Matt Kilroy (513), and Toad Ramsey (499). Among the season totals, he struck out 19 batters in a game, on 7 July, tying Charlie Sweeney. Unofficially, his reported 19 strikeout game was upgraded to 20 when it was discovered that one batter had struck out but reached first base when the pitch got away from the catcher. This meant that Daily did not just tie the record, but broke it instead (Roger Clemens then unofficially tied the mark in 1986). Daily added one more record that season; he set the record for most one-hitters in one season, with four, two of them back to back, which was also itself a record at the time. The record was later matched by Grover Cleveland Alexander in 1915.
When the Union Association dissolved, Daily had to pay a $500 fine to regain his major league eligibility for the 1885 season, as did all the players who jumped to this new league and were subsequently blacklisted. He joined the St. Louis Maroons of the National League, where he only pitched in 11 games, and had a record of 3 wins and 8 losses. The rest of his career included short stints with the 1886 Washington Nationals, and the 1887 Cleveland Blues of the American Association. He played his final major league game on 21 August 1887.
Later life.
Very few facts are known about his personal life or where and when he died. In the 1910 United States Census, he was recorded as living in Baltimore with two sisters and working as a clerk for a customs house. According to the 1920 United States Census, he was living with his sister, and was a clerk for a hotel. His last known location was 1923 in Baltimore, living in Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="6912415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912415" title="Leftest">
Leftest



</doc>
<doc id="6912417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912417" title="Patriot party">
Patriot party



</doc>
<doc id="6912419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912419" title="Scott Terry">
Scott Terry

Scott Ray Terry (born November 21, 1959) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played during six seasons at the major league level for the Cincinnati Reds and St. Louis Cardinals.
Terry grew up in Portland, Texas and idolized Houston Astros outfielder César Cedeño as a youth. He attended Gregory-Portland High School in Portland where he played baseball and basketball. Although only tall as a senior, he could still dunk a basketball.
Terry played college baseball at Southwestern University, during which time he grew approximately six inches taller. His rapid growth spurt left him bow-legged and required multiple knee surgeries.
Terry was drafted by the Reds in the 12th round of the 1980 amateur draft as an outfielder. He played his first professional season with their Class A-Advanced Tampa Tarpons in 1983. After struggling in the minor leagues for a few years and making a few successful appearances on the mound during blowout games, Reds executive Sheldon Bender suggested converting Terry to a pitcher. He prospered in the new role and rose quickly through the minors.
As of 2024, Terry still lives in the St. Louis area, and remains active in the St. Louis amateur sports scene, particularly pickleball.
External links.
, or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="6912420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912420" title="List of diplomatic missions of the United Kingdom">
List of diplomatic missions of the United Kingdom

This is a list of diplomatic missions of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, excluding honorary consulates. The UK has one of the largest global networks of diplomatic missions. UK diplomatic missions to capitals of other Commonwealth of Nations member countries are known as High Commissions (headed by 'High Commissioners'). For three Commonwealth countries (namely India, Nigeria, and Pakistan), the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) still uses the term "Deputy High Commission" for Consulates-General (headed by Deputy High Commissioners), although this terminology is being phased out. British citizens may get help from the embassy of any other Commonwealth country present, when in a country where there is no British embassy, including New Zealand and Australia, to help British nationals in some countries.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office employs approximately 13,200 staff in the UK and in more than 260 Posts overseas. Approximately one-third of these employees are UK-based civil servants (including members of HM Diplomatic Service) and two-thirds are employed locally by Posts overseas.
Contemporary history.
In 2004, the FCDO carried out a review of the deployment of its diplomatic missions, and subsequently over a two-year period closed its missions in Nassau (in the Bahamas), Asunción (Paraguay), Dili (East Timor), Maseru (Lesotho), Mbabane (Swaziland), Antananarivo (Madagascar), Nuku'alofa (Tonga), Tarawa (Kiribati), and Port Vila (Vanuatu). Additionally several consulates and trade offices were also closed, including those in Fukuoka (Japan), Vientiane (Laos), Douala (Cameroon), Porto (Portugal), along with Frankfurt, Leipzig, and Stuttgart in Germany, and Phoenix, San Juan, and Dallas in the United States. Other consulates in Australia, Germany, France, Spain, New Zealand, and the US were downgraded and staffed by local personnel only. In 2012, Foreign Secretary William Hague announced the opening of embassies in Liberia and Haiti, the re-opening of embassies in Laos, El Salvador, and Paraguay, and the opening of a Consulate-General in Recife (Brazil). He also said that by 2015, the UK would have opened up to eleven new embassies and eight new Consulates or Trade Offices. In 2013, a UK government office was established in Seattle. In 2014, all services at the former UK Consulate in Orlando were transferred to the nearby UK Consulate-General in Miami. In 2015, the UK Consulate-General in Denver was reclassified as a UK Government Office.
In 2018 the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office has announced that new High Commissions will open in Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Grenada, Lesotho, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, Swaziland, Tonga and Vanuatu and a British office in Somaliland like the one in Taipei, Taiwan
Flags.
The United Kingdom is one of two countries, the other being Thailand, that use diplomatic flags abroad. These special flags are flown at the chanceries of their embassies and consulates. For High Commissions, the Union Flag is used. In addition, there is a flag in use for British consular vessels in international or foreign waters.

</doc>
<doc id="6912423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912423" title="National Grandparents Day">
National Grandparents Day



</doc>
<doc id="6912425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912425" title="Joao Paulo (Footballer)">
Joao Paulo (Footballer)



</doc>
<doc id="6912426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912426" title="Inlaceni">
Inlaceni



</doc>
<doc id="6912437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912437" title="Prix du Gros Chêne">
Prix du Gros Chêne

The Prix du Gros Chêne is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Chantilly over a distance of 1,000 metres (about 5 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late May or early June.
History.
The event was established in 1857, and it was originally contested over 800 metres. Its title refers to a large oak tree which stood in the grounds of the racecourse – the English translation of "Gros Chêne" is "Great Oak". The race was abandoned because of the Franco-Prussian War in 1871. It was extended to 1,000 metres in 1881.
The Prix du Gros Chêne was cancelled throughout World War I, with no running from 1915 to 1918. The first two post-war editions were run over 1,100 metres at Longchamp.
The race was abandoned once during World War II, in 1940. It was staged at Maisons-Laffitte from 1941 to 1943, and at Auteuil with a distance of 900 metres in 1944. It returned to Maisons-Laffitte in 1945, and it was transferred to Longchamp in 1946. Five successive runnings during the wartime period were won by one horse, Fine Art. The race returned to its original venue, Chantilly, in 1957.
The present system of race grading was introduced in 1971, and for a period the Prix du Gros Chêne held Group 3 status. It was promoted to Group 2 level in 1988. The race is now held on the same day as the Prix du Jockey Club.
Records.
Most successful horse (5 wins):
Leading jockey (9 wins):
Leading trainer (7 wins):
Leading owner (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6912441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912441" title="Salvatore Pansino">
Salvatore Pansino

Salvatore Rocco Vincent Pansino is a professor of electrical engineering at Youngstown State University in Youngstown, Ohio. In 1992, he ran against Congressman Jim Traficant as the Republican candidate in Ohio's 17th congressional district, losing the race.
Pansino received a B.S. in electrical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University in 1957, an M.S. in physics from Franklin &amp; Marshall College in 1961, a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University in 1968, and an LL.B. in law from La Salle Extension. He worked for a while at Babcock &amp; Wilcox, which makes nuclear parts for nuclear industry. He is proudest of his concentric water flow design to filter radioactive particles from water. For a while he worked for Bailey Controls working various projects. He later left the industry to teach which is his passion, compared to dealing with people and projects for companies.
Pansino teaches classes pertaining to Maxwell's Equations, including Electromagnetic Fields 1 and 2 including lab work, Energy Conversions, and Signals and Systems.
On April 27, 2017, Pansino was acknowledged for 35 years of service during the Third Annual STEM Honors Convocation held at Youngstown State University.

</doc>
<doc id="6912443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912443" title="Skena River">
Skena River

Skena River (Swedish: "Skenaån") is a river in the province of Östergötland in eastern Sweden. Its well is on the plains of the town of Skänninge and it ends in the river "Svartån" (Black river).

</doc>
<doc id="6912444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912444" title="Letting Go (Jennylyn Mercado album)">
Letting Go (Jennylyn Mercado album)



</doc>
<doc id="6912447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912447" title="Skena">
Skena



</doc>
<doc id="6912452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912452" title="Toni Elias">
Toni Elias



</doc>
<doc id="6912454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912454" title="A Spot of Bother">
A Spot of Bother

A Spot of Bother is the second adult novel by Mark Haddon, who is best known for his prize-winning first novel "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time". Like "Curious Incident", "A Spot of Bother" examines mental health issues from the perspective of the patient.
An excerpt from "A Spot of Bother" (at that point titled Blood and Scissors) was published in the book "New Beginnings", the proceeds from which were donated to the victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
The book was adapted by Michel Blanc into a French film in 2009 ("Une petite zone de turbulences").
Plot.
The novel follows George Hall, a 57-year-old hypochondriac, and his family following George's retirement from a career manufacturing playground equipment. George has hypochondria, an excessive phobia for one's physical health. Certain that a skin lesion on his hip is a fatal cancer, George rejects Dr Barghoutian's diagnosis of eczema due to his previous misdiagnosis of his daughter Katie's appendicitis as stomach ache, and unsuccessfully attempts to remove the lesion with a pair of scissors. The resulting blood loss soon renders him unconscious, but not before he calls an ambulance and tries to get a chisel from the cellar to demarcate the incident as accidental. The resulting bloodied handprints he smears around the house in doing so horrify his wife Jean.
George and Jean's children confront problems of their own. Katie, a single mother, announces her plans to marry Ray, a competent but lower-class man of whom George, Jean, and their son Jamie disapprove. As the story progresses Ray worries that Katie wants to be with him only for his house and so he can act as a father to her five-year-old son Jacob. It is only when Katie visits George in the hospital that she realises she and Ray are meant to be together: she proposes to Ray herself, and the couple rearrange the wedding. Meanwhile, Jamie has an uneasy relationship with his boyfriend Tony. When Jamie fails to pass on to Tony an invitation to Katie's wedding, arguing about how he would not enjoy it, Tony leaves him.
George begins to suffer from extreme panic attacks. He is said to have wires ripped out of his head whilst observing a deer being killed on a TV discovery channel. And his mental state is exacerbated not only by the anxiety of his daughter's wedding but also due to his walking in (unseen) on Jean having sexual intercourse with David, a former colleague, in his bed. Thereafter, George is delineated as frequently thinking about how he has wasted his life, and the notion of death starts to terrify him. Despite being told by Jamie to not give a speech at Katie's wedding, George decides to give one after deliberating that he may never get the chance to speak to a large crowd ever again. He exclaims how little time people have to value their lives, and divulges into his incredulity of how only he alone seems to see this fact. His words are met with a few uneasy laughs but mostly silence. At the end of his speech, despite having taken a few pills of Valium to calm him down, he notices that David is present. George launches himself at the man, drawing blood and forcing him to leave the wedding.
Jean thus finds out that George knows about her and David. George tells Jean that he was out of order, and even though he is deeply upset at her disloyalty, he explains that things would simply be too painful for them to break up after years of living together. Jean agrees, and sadly acknowledges that her love affair is over, and effectively her sex life too. The following morning, George walks downstairs and meets Tony, who reunited with Jamie after Jamie sent him a letter of his feelings. George realises that there is nothing wrong with homosexuals as long as they kept it clean, and furthermore, after reading an article about an upcoming surgery for conjoined twins which could possibly result in both their deaths, that he should "stop all this nonsense". The others depart, leaving George and Jean to return to a comfortable atmosphere and an ordinary, settled household.
Reception.
The book received mixed reviews. Michael Dirda of "The Washington Post" called the book "superbly entertaining", adding "...half the time while reading A Spot of Bother you won't be sure whether to laugh or cry. Which is, I suppose, precisely the point." David Kamp of "The New York Times" wrote that the book "serves as a fine example of why novels exist."
Mindy Laube of Australian newspaper "The Sydney Morning Herald" was critical of the book, writing "while the characterisation can't be faulted, A Spot of Bother fails to fulfil its early promise. What initially shapes up as a disquietingly soft stab in the human heart turns obvious and formulaic. Haddon's examination of the contours of love is forensic in its insight but a sentimental undertow proves too alluring to resist." Patrick Ness of "The Guardian" criticised the book for being "unsurprising." It is, he writes, "never less than pleasurable to read and there are good jokes and funny situations; it's just that it never tries to be much more than good jokes or funny situations." Ness concludes his review by saying "It's not that this is a bad book – it isn't. It's amusing and brisk and charming. But readers could be forgiven for wanting – and expecting – more."

</doc>
<doc id="6912456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912456" title="Vera Anisimova">
Vera Anisimova

Vera Vasilyevna Anisimova (; born 25 May 1952 in Moscow) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.
Anisimova trained at the Armed Forces sports society in Moscow. She competed for USSR in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in the 4 × 100 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Tatyana Prorochenko, Lyudmila Maslakova and Nadezhda Besfamilnaya.
She returned for Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, in the 4 × 100 metres where she again teamed up with Liudmila Zharkova-Maslakova where she won the silver medal with her teammates Vera Komisova, and Natalya Bochina.

</doc>
<doc id="6912462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912462" title="David Gavurin">
David Gavurin



</doc>
<doc id="6912469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912469" title="Schloß Berg">
Schloß Berg



</doc>
<doc id="6912470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912470" title="Nadezhda Kolesnikova-Ilyina">
Nadezhda Kolesnikova-Ilyina



</doc>
<doc id="6912471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912471" title="Queen of Rain">
Queen of Rain

"Queen of Rain" is a song by Swedish duo Roxette. It was released on 26 October 1992 as the second single from their fourth studio album, "Tourism" (1992). The ballad became a top-20 hit in Belgium, the Netherlands, Spain and Sweden, and spent over three months on the German Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 19.
Background and recording.
The song was recorded in June 1990 at EMI Studios in Stockholm during sessions for their 1991 album "Joyride". It was originally set to appear as that album's final track, but was excluded in favour of "Perfect Day". However, the closing notes and sound effects contained on the outro of the album version of "Things Will Never Be the Same" – the track which precedes "Perfect Day" on "Joyride" – can still be heard over the crowd noise contained on the intro of "Queen of Rain". Roxette later recorded a Spanish version of the track, titled "Una reina va detrás de un rey" ("A Queen Goes After a King"), for their 1996 compilation album "Baladas en Español".
Prior to the release of "Queen of Rain", one of the single's b-side, "Pearls of Passion", had remained unreleased outside of Sweden. The song would later be included as a bonus track on the 1997 reissue of their debut album, "Pearls of Passion" (1986).
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Bryan Buss described the song as "haunting" and "hopeful" in his review of "Tourism".
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "The Ballad Hits".
Studios
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6912472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912472" title="Acid precipitation">
Acid precipitation



</doc>
<doc id="6912477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912477" title="Samiyarpettai">
Samiyarpettai

Samiyarpettai is a village on the Indian east coast about south of Pondicherry and south of Chennai, located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal.
The coastal village of Samiyarpettai, population 1,729, lies midway between Cuddalore and Chidambaram east of Pudhuchattiram in Tamil Nadu, India. It is the largest of the coastal villages in the surrounding.
Most of the people here make a living by fishing. Many other men, like from other coastal villages have moved to other countries to work to make a living.
The village is surrounded by coconut trees, with brooks running alongside the village. It also hosts a famous Temple "Shri Pinnai Vazhi Amman Shrine". Its one of the biggest temple's alongside the cuddalore coast.
Recently, Samiyarpettai beach is getting crowd's attention and has become one of the popular holiday spot.

</doc>
<doc id="6912483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912483" title="Rachel Johnson">
Rachel Johnson

Rachel Sabiha Johnson (born 3 September 1965) is a British journalist, television presenter, and author who has appeared frequently on political discussion panels, including "The Pledge" on Sky News and BBC One's debate programme, "Question Time". In January 2018, she participated in the 21st series of "Celebrity Big Brother" and was evicted second. She was the lead candidate for Change UK for the South West England constituency in the 2019 European Parliament election.
Early life and education.
Johnson is the daughter of former Conservative MEP Stanley Johnson and artist Charlotte Johnson Wahl ("née" Fawcett). She is the younger sister of Boris Johnson, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Conservative MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip; and the elder sister of Jo Johnson, former Conservative MP for Orpington.
On her father's side, Johnson is a great-granddaughter of Ali Kemal, a liberal Circassian-Turkish journalist and the interior minister in the government of Damat Ferid Pasha, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire, who was murdered during the Turkish War of Independence in 1922. During the First World War, her grandfather and great-aunt were recognised as British subjects and took their grandmother's maiden name of Johnson. On her mother's side she is a granddaughter of Sir James Fawcett, a prominent barrister and president of the European Commission of Human Rights.
Johnson's middle name, Sabiha, means "morning" in Arabic and is often used as a given name in Turkey. It was the name of the second wife of her great-grandfather, Ali Kemal, who was a daughter of Zeki Pasha. Stanley Johnson befriended his paternal half-uncle Zeki Kuneralp, Sabiha's son, when Kuneralp was Turkish ambassador to the Court of St James's in the 1960s. 
She was educated at Winsford First School on Exmoor, Primrose Hill Primary in Camden, north London, the European School of Brussels, the independent Ashdown House School in East Sussex, Bryanston School in Dorset and St Paul's Girls' School. In 1984 she spent three months as a kibbutz volunteer and then went to New College, Oxford, to read Classics (Literae Humaniores); there she edited the student paper "Isis".
Journalism career.
In 1989 she joined the staff of the "Financial Times", becoming the first female graduate trainee at the paper, where she wrote about the economy. She spent a year on secondment to the Foreign Office Policy Planning Staff in 1992–93. She moved to the BBC in 1994, but left to move to Washington, D.C., as a columnist and freelancer in 1997. 
She has written weekly columns for "The Sunday Telegraph", "The Daily Telegraph", the "Evening Standard" and other regular columns for "Easy Living" and "She" magazines, as well as the "Financial Times". She is a contributing editor of "The Spectator" and until 2009 was a weekly columnist on "The Sunday Times" and the "Evening Standard", among other publications. She now writes a weekly column in "The Mail on Sunday", a column for "The Big Issue" and a column for "The Oldie".
In April 2014 she was a judge in the BBC "Woman's Hour" power list 2014. She sits on the boards of Bright Blue, the modernising Tory think-tank, and Intelligence Squared, the international debate forum. In March 2014 she appeared in "Famous, Rich and Hungry" on BBC1. She is a former panellist on Sky News' weekly debate show, "The Pledge", production of which was suspended in 2020.
"The Lady".
In September 2009, Johnson became the ninth editor of "The Lady", a weekly magazine established in 1885. Her first few months were the subject of a Channel 4 documentary entitled "The Lady and the Revamp"; this was nominated for a Grierson Award. She was replaced as editor by Matt Warren in January 2012. In March 2013 she presented an hour-long documentary for BBC Four entitled "How to Be a Lady: An Elegant History".
Literary career.
Johnson's "Shire Hell" won the 2008 Bad Sex in Fiction Prize, which she described as being an "absolute honour".
Her short story "Severely Gifted" appeared in "The Sunday Times" on 21 December 2008.
Political career.
Johnson was a member of the Conservative Party from 2008 to 2011, but later joined the Liberal Democrats in the run up to the 2017 general election because of the Conservative support for Brexit. Johnson then considered becoming a Lib Dem candidate in a seat in the West Country, but was barred under the party's rules, having been a member for less than a year.
In April 2019, she joined the new anti-Brexit party Change UK and was the lead candidate on the party list in South West England at the 2019 European Parliament election. She later lamented this decision, describing herself as the "rat that jumped onto a sinking ship" and criticised the party leadership's focus-group attitude to decision-making structure and added that Change UK was a "terrible" name.
Personal life.
Johnson is married to Ivo Dawnay, a descendant of William Dawnay, 7th Viscount Downe, and maternal grandson of Patrick Boyle, 8th Earl of Glasgow. Dawnay is a director and consultant with the National Trust. They have three children. Johnson lives in Notting Hill in London and Exmoor, Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="6912485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912485" title="Romanian Parliament">
Romanian Parliament



</doc>
<doc id="6912489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912489" title="ביון אותות">
ביון אותות



</doc>
<doc id="6912504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912504" title="ORP Ślązak (L26)">
ORP Ślązak (L26)

ORP "Ślązak" (Polish for "Silesian") was a World War II . Initially laid down in 1940 for the Royal Navy as HMS "Bedale", in 1942 she was commissioned by the Polish Navy in the West.
After World War II, she was leased to the Indian Navy in 1953, where she served as a training ship until 1976. She was scrapped in 1979.
History as ORP "Ślązak".
"Ślazak" was commissioned on 17 April 1942. During the Second World War she took part in 32 patrols and escorted 104 convoys. "Ślązak" was one of eight Hunt-class ships that took part in the Dieppe Raid. At Dieppe she saved 85 soldiers of the Royal Regiment of Canada, trapped at the beach after landing. During the invasion of Normandy she was supporting the landing at Sword. She was the lead destroyer for the lead flotilla of minesweepers that morning, which was symbolic because the invasion of Poland by German forces had initiated the conflict. As a convoy escort her crew shot down five enemy aircraft (and possibly three more).
After the war she was decommissioned in 1946 and transferred back to the Royal Navy.
History as INS "Godavari".
HMS "Bedale" was leased to the Indian Navy in 1952. She underwent a refit by the Cammell Laird shipyard at Birkenhead, and was commissioned as INS "Godavari" on 27 April 1953. In April 1959, the lease was converted into a sale. Along with INS "Gomati" and INS "Ganga" she formed part of the 22nd Destroyer squadron.
She served as a training ship until 23 March 1976 when she ran aground in the Maldives and was damaged beyond repair. INS "Godavari" was eventually scrapped in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="6912505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912505" title="VNI">
VNI

VNI Software Company is a developer of various education, entertainment, office, and utility software packages. They are known for developing an encoding (VNI encoding) and a popular input method (VNI Input) for Vietnamese on for computers. VNI is often available on computer systems to type Vietnamese, alongside TELEX input method as well. The most common pairing is the use of VNI on keyboard and computers, whilst TELEX is more common on phones or touchscreens. 
History.
The VNI company is a family-owned company and based in Westminster, California. It was founded in 1987 by Hồ Thành Việt to develop software that eases Vietnamese language use on computers. Among their products were the VNI Encoding and VNI Input Method. The VNI Input Method has since grown to become the top two most popular input methods for Vietnamese, alongside TELEX which is more advantageous for phones and touchscreens whilst VNI has found more use on keyboard computer systems. 
VNI vs. Microsoft.
In the 1990s, Microsoft recognized the potential of VNI's products and incorporated VNI Input Method into Windows 95 Vietnamese Edition and MSDN, in use worldwide.
Upon Microsoft's unauthorized use of these technologies, VNI took Microsoft to court over the matter. Microsoft settled the case out of court, withdrew the input method from their entire product line, and developed their own input method. It has, although virtually unknown, appeared in every Windows release since Windows 98.
Starting with Windows 10 version 1903, the VNI Input Method (as "Vietnamese Number Key-based"), along with the Telex input method, are now natively supported.
Unicode.
Despite the growing popularity of Unicode in computing, the VNI Encoding (see below) is still in wide use by Vietnamese speakers both in Vietnam and abroad. All professional printing facilities in the Little Saigon neighborhood of Orange County, California continue to use the VNI Encoding when processing Vietnamese text. For this reason, print jobs submitted using the VNI Character Set are compatible with local printers.
Input methods.
VNI invented, popularized, and commercialized an input method and an encoding, the VNI Character Set, to assist computer users entering Vietnamese on their computers. The user can type using only ASCII characters found on standard computer keyboard layouts. Because the Vietnamese alphabet uses a complex system of diacritics for tones and other letters of the Vietnamese alphabet, the keyboard would need 133 alphanumeric keys and a Shift key to cover all possible characters.
VNI Input Method.
Originally, VNI's input method utilized function keys (F1, F2, ...) to enter the tone marks, which later turned out to be problematic, as the operating system used those keys for other purposes. VNI then turned to the numerical keys along the top of the keyboard (as opposed to the numpad) for entering tone marks. This arrangement survives today, but users also have the option of customizing the keys used for tone marks.
With VNI Tan Ky mode on, the user can type in diacritical marks anywhere within a word, and the marks will appear at their proper locations. For example, the word "trường", which means 'school', can be typed in the following ways:
The first way is the conventional method, following handwriting and spelling convention, where the base is written first ("") and then the tonal marks added later one by one. 
VNI Tan Ky.
With the release of VNI Tan Ky 4 in the 1990s, VNI freed users from having to remember where to correctly insert tone marks within a word, because, as long as the user enters all the required characters and tone marks, the software will group them correctly. This feature is especially useful for newcomers to the language.
VNI Auto Accent.
VNI Auto Accent is the company's most recent software release (2006), with the purpose of alleviating repetitive strain injury (RSI) caused by prolonged use of computer keyboards. Auto Accent helps reduce the number of keystrokes needed to type each word by automatically adding diacritical marks for the user. The user must still enter every base letter in the word.
Character encodings.
VNI Encoding (Windows/Unix).
The VNI Encoding uses up to two bytes to represent one Vietnamese vowel character, with the second byte supplying additional diacritical marks, therefore removing the need to replace control characters with Vietnamese characters, a problematic system found in TCVN1 (VSCII-1) and in VISCII, or using two different fonts such as is sometimes employed for TCVN3 (VSCII-3), one containing lowercase characters and the other uppercase characters. A similar approach is taken by Windows-1258 and VSCII-2.
This solution is more portable between different versions of Windows and between different platforms. However, due to the presence of multiple characters in a file to represent one written character increases the file size. The increased file size can usually be accounted for by compressing the data into a file format such as ZIP.
The VNI encoding was used extensively in the south of Vietnam, and sometimes used overseas, while TCVN 5712 was dominant in the north.
Points 0x00 through 0x7F follow ASCII.
VNI Encoding for Macintosh.
A version intended for use on Macintosh systems, with a different arrangement (corresponding to the different arrangement between Windows-1252 and Mac OS Roman).
VNI Encoding for DOS.
The VNI encoding for use on DOS does not use separate characters for diacritics, instead replacing certain ASCII punctuation characters with tone-marked uppercase letters (compare ISO 646).
VIQR and VNI-Internet Mail.
The use of Vietnamese Quoted-Readable (VIQR), a convention for writing in Vietnamese using ASCII characters, began during the Vietnam War, when typewriters were the main tool for word processing. Because the U.S. military required a way to represent Vietnamese scripts accurately on official documents, VIQR was invented for the military. Due to its longstanding use, VIQR was a natural choice for computer word processing, prior to the appearance of VNI, VPSKeys, VSCII, VISCII, and Unicode. It is still widely used for information exchange on computers, but is not desirable for design and layout, due to its cryptic appearance.
VIQR's main issue was the difficulty of reading VIQR text, especially for inexperienced computer users. VNI created and released a free font called "VNI-Internet Mail", which utilized a variant of the VIQR notation and VNI's combining character technique to give VIQR text a more natural appearance by replacing certain ASCII punctuation with combining characters.
The following table compares VNI-Internet Mail to other codified VIQR or VIQR-like conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="6912510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912510" title="Flyme">
Flyme



</doc>
<doc id="6912511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912511" title="Francisco Javier Illán Vivas">
Francisco Javier Illán Vivas

Francisco Javier Illán Vivas (born in 1958 in Molina de Segura, Spain) is a writer and poet from Murcia.
Biography.
Illán Vivas has almost always been related to the media world. He was widely known by his friends and family as Javier
Years ago, he was a correspondent for Diario de Murcia and for La Verdad de Murcia; currently he writes for the weekly digital publication Vegamediapress.com, where, in January 2006, he was named sub-director. He is in charge of producing the Culture and Literature section.
Style.
His narrative is similar to the classic fantasy genre; very close to the adventure style of Robert E. Howard, but in the world of Mediterranean mythology. His short stories follow the style of H. P. Lovecraft. His poetry is focused on love songs.

</doc>
<doc id="6912512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912512" title="Paul Micou">
Paul Micou

Paul Micou (born April 22, 1959) is an American novelist. Born in San Francisco, part of his childhood was spent in Turkey and Iran, as well as Washington, D.C., and Connecticut. After graduating from Harvard in 1981 he lived in Paris, and then moved to London in 1988. As of 2012, he was living in France with his wife and two sons.
Paul Micou's first novel "The Music Programme" (1989) is a comic satire on the comfortable lifestyles of overpaid international development workers. Set in a fictional African country called Timbali, the novel was published to favourable reviews. "The New York Times" called it "an excellent, accomplished example" of satirical fiction and compared his comic talents to those of Evelyn Waugh and William Boyd. This novel was composed as an opera by UK composer Roxanna Panufnik which premiered in 2000 at the Polish National Opera, Teatr Wielki, Warsaw.
Novels.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6912513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912513" title="Puppy Love (Paul Anka song)">
Puppy Love (Paul Anka song)

"Puppy Love" is a popular song written by Canadian-American singer Paul Anka in 1960 for Annette Funicello, a Mouseketeer, on whom he had a crush. Anka's version reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 behind Percy Faith's "Theme from "A Summer Place"", No. 4 on the Canadian CHUM Charts, and No. 33 on the UK Singles Chart.
Donny Osmond version.
Twelve years later, the song was revived by Donny Osmond. It was released on February 19, 1972, and reached No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 on April 1, 1972. It peaked at No. 1 on both the Canadian "RPM" singles chart during April 15–29, 1972, and the UK Singles Chart during July 8 – August 5, 1972. "Billboard" ranked this version as the No. 67 song for 1972. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on March 24, 1972. It also topped the Mexican charts in 1972. The song was also covered by British pop group S Club Juniors in 2002.
On March 15, 1972, DJ Robert W. Morgan played the Donny Osmond version for 90 minutes straight on KHJ in Los Angeles. After receiving numerous calls from listeners, LAPD raided the station studios. The officers left without making arrests.
S Club Juniors version.
In 2002, British pop group S Club Juniors covered "Puppy Love" and released it as a double A-side single alongside a cover of "Sleigh Ride", the 1948 song written by Leroy Anderson and Mitchell Parish. "Puppy Love" / "Sleigh Ride" was released on December 9, 2002, as the fourth single from the group's debut album, "Together" (2002). It peaked at number six on the UK Singles Chart.
Composition.
Calvin Goldspink sang lead vocals for "Puppy Love". The other members, Frankie Sandford, Aaron Renfree, Stacey McClean, Rochelle Wiseman, Daisy Evans, Hannah Richings and Jay Asforis had backing vocals.
Music videos.
The video for "Puppy Love" features Goldspink looking through a Rachel Stevens calendar and making a snow statue shaped like her whilst the others are playing in the snow. Later the group are indoors decorating the house with decorations before finding their presents where Goldspink finds a present for him from Stevens: a puppy. At the end of the video, words come up saying: "Remember a dog is for life, not just for Christmas."
The video for "Sleigh Ride" features clips from the previous video with the group playing in the snow and the lyrics to song appear to sing-a-long to.
Track listings.
UK CD single
UK cassette single
Credits and personnel.
"Puppy Love".
Credits are lifted from the "Together" album booklet.
Studio
Personnel
"Sleigh Ride".
Credits are lifted from the UK CD single liner notes.
Studio
Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6912516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912516" title="List of the Seigneurs of Sark">
List of the Seigneurs of Sark



</doc>
<doc id="6912519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912519" title="Unit Testing">
Unit Testing



</doc>
<doc id="6912522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912522" title="Fingertips '93">
Fingertips '93

"Fingertips '93" is a song by Swedish pop duo Roxette, released as the third and final single from their fourth studio album, "Tourism" (1992), on 26 January 1993. The single was only released in a select few countries, including Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden and Spain, and charted moderately. The song would be given a wider release when it was issued as one of the B-sides on the duo's proceeding single, "Almost Unreal", which was released four months later in May 1993.
Music video.
The music video was Roxette's first collaboration with director Jonas Åkerlund, who would go on to direct a total of twelve music videos for the duo.
Formats and track listings.
All music and lyrics were written by Per Gessle, except "Hotblooded", with music composed by Marie Fredriksson and Gessle.
Credits and personnel.
Credits and personnel adapted from the liner notes of "Tourism" and "Rarities".
Studios
Personnel
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="6912524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912524" title="Beverley Goddard">
Beverley Goddard

Beverley Lanita Callender (née Goddard, born 28 August 1956) is a British/Barbadian former track and field sprinter. She competed for Great Britain at the Olympic Games in Montreal 1976, Moscow 1980 and Los Angeles 1984, winning bronze medals in the 4 x 100 metres relay in 1980 and 1984. She is also the 1981 World Student Games 100 metres champion.
Biography.
Goddard was born in Barbados and raised in England. She was a member of the Reading Athletic Club. In 1976, she competed at the Montreal Olympics, reaching the quarter finals of the 200 metres. She was coached by Jim Spooner.
In 1978, she finished fourth in the 200 metres final at the Commonwealth Games in Edmonton, before winning gold in the 4 × 100 m relay along with Kathy Smallwood, Sharon Colyear and Sonia Lannaman. At the European Championships in Prague, the same quartet won a silver medal behind the Soviet Union and ahead of East Germany. In 1979, she won three medals at the World Student Games (Universiade), with bronze in the 100 and 200 metres and silver in the sprint relay. In the 100 metres, she ran her lifetime best of 11.22 seconds in the semifinal.
At the 1980 Moscow Olympic Games, she was one of three British woman who reached the 200 m final, finishing sixth in a lifetime best of 22.72 seconds. Kathy Smallwood was fifth and Sonia Lannaman eighth. The three then teamed up with 100 metres finalist Heather Hunte, to win the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay. The quartet ran a UK record of 42.43 secs, which stood until 2014. Her biggest individual success came in 1981, when she won the World Student Games title at 100 metres, defeating the Soviet sprinters Olga Zolotaryeva and Olga Nasonova. She also won a silver medal in the relay.
In 1982, now competing as Beverley Callender, she reached the 200 metres finals at both the European Championships in Athens and the Commonwealth Games in Brisbane, finishing fifth (22.91 secs) and sixth (22.92 secs) respectively. In Prague, she teamed up with Wendy Hoyte, Smallwood and Shirley Thomas to win relay silver, while in Brisbane, she won relay gold with Hoyte, Smallwood and Sonia Lannaman. A year later, she won a relay silver medal at the inaugural World Championships in Helsinki, along with Joan Baptiste, Kathy Cook (Smallwood) and Shirley Thomas. She also competed in the 100 metres. At her third Olympic Games in Los Angeles 1984, she won her second Olympic bronze medal, reuniting with two of her three teammates from Moscow, Heather Oakes (Hunte) and Kathy Cook. The fourth squad member was Simmone Jacobs.
From 1978–1984, the British or English women's sprint relay squads won a medal at every Olympic, World, European and Commonwealth competition, both Callender and Kathy Cook were a member of every team. She usually ran the third leg and became a specialist in this position. 1984 would be the last time for 29 years, that the British Women's 4 × 100 m squad won a medal at Olympic or World level. This ended in 2013 when they won bronze at the World Championships.
In domestic competition, at the AAA Championships and UK Championships, she had eight second-place finishes. At the AAAs she was second three times in the 200 metres (1979, 1982 and 1984) and second in the 1980 100 metres. At the UKs, she was second three times at 100 metres (1978, 1979 and 1982) and second in the 1978 200 metres. She did win the 1982 UK title at 200 metres. She was also twice third in the AAAs 200 metres (1979, 1983) and twice third at the UK 100 metres (1979, 1983), for a total of 13 top three placements.
As of 2022, Callender's 200 metres best, ranks her 14th on the UK all-time list. In the 100 metres she ranks 21st. Now a retired teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="6912525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912525" title="Coroner (album)">
Coroner (album)

Coroner is the penultimate release by the Swiss thrash metal band Coroner. It is technically a compilation album, although it features new material as well as selected songs from the band's previous albums. It is also regarded as their final album, even though it was succeeded by a final compilation of unreleased material in 1996, titled "The Unknown Unreleased Tracks 1985–95". The band chose to go into the studio for the last time, instead of releasing a greatest hits compilation, even though they had disbanded officially in 1994 (on some of the tracks, Edelmann and Broder are replaced by session musicians).

</doc>
<doc id="6912531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912531" title="Navy UDT">
Navy UDT



</doc>
<doc id="6912534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912534" title="The Snow Kids (Galactik Football)">
The Snow Kids (Galactik Football)



</doc>
<doc id="6912541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912541" title="Navy Special Warfare Command">
Navy Special Warfare Command



</doc>
<doc id="6912552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912552" title="City Gallery Wellington">
City Gallery Wellington

City Gallery Wellington Te Whare Toi is a public art gallery in Wellington, New Zealand.
History.
City Gallery Wellington Te Whare Toi began its life as the Wellington City Art Gallery on 23 September 1980 in a former office block located at 65 Victoria Street, now the site of Wellington Central Library. The first exhibition was a group show of Wellington artists. In 1989, as work began on the new Wellington Library and Civic Centre, the gallery relocated to the other side of Victoria Street to occupy the old Chews Lane Post Office for four years until 1993 when it was rebranded as City Gallery Wellington and moved to its present location on the north-eastern side of Civic Square. Since 1995, City Gallery Wellington has been managed on behalf of the Wellington City Council by the Wellington Museums Trust which now trades as Experience Wellington.
Towards the end of 2023, around three years after initiating the restructuring of the City Gallery Wellington, Sarah Rusholme resigned as Chief Executive of Experience Wellington and was replaced by Diana Marsh. Other senior members of the Experience Wellington leadership team left at the same time as Rusholme, including Elizabeth Caldwell, Director Art &amp; Heritage. In 2024 after months of significantly reduced hours to accommodate construction work on Wellington’s Central Library, Marsh announced the closure of the City Gallery Wellington to at least mid-2026 because of closure of the main accessway to Te Ngākau Civic Square due to demolition work on a former civic administration building and overdue maintenance and alterations to the Gallery building, which are being carried out in 2025. Two upcoming City Gallery Wellington exhibitions were scheduled to be exhibited at other venues: "Generation X: 50 Artworks from the Chartwell Collection" would be hosted by Te Papa from 27 July to 20 October 2024. "Derek Jarman: Delphinium Days", by United Kingdom artist and gay rights activist Derek Jarman, would be held at The Dowse from 28 September to 26 January 2025.
City Gallery Wellington also announced a partnership with National Library Te Puna Mātauranga o Aotearoa who would provide gallery space to continue to bring exhibitions to Wellington while the City Gallery Wellington is temporarily away from home. 
The current building.
City Gallery Wellington currently occupies the former Wellington Central Library building. Built in 1940 in an Art Deco style, this building replaced the original red brick City Library of 1893. The building was registered in 1981 by Heritage New Zealand as a Category 2 Historic Place.
When the Wellington Central Library relocated to its new Ian Athfield-designed building in 1991, the building underwent a major refurbishment so it could meet the needs of a contemporary art gallery. The Gallery's window installation was installed in 1994. Fault is by Bill Culbert and Ralph Hotere and consists of two strips of neon light cutting diagonally across the building. A significant addition built in 2008-2009 added two new galleries for emerging Wellington, Maori and Pacific art along with a 135-seat auditorium.
Since 2019, the roof of the gallery has hosted a sculpture of a hand with a face called "Quasi" that was created by Ronnie van Hout. In October 2024, officials announced that "Quasi" was to be removed and transferred to Australia. 
Directors.
The first Director was Seddon Bennington, who went on to be the second Chief Executive of Te Papa. He was followed in 1982 by Ann Philbin who described the challenge of the Gallery's cramped quarters on Victoria Street, "When you work from a gallery that is not beautiful or grand—that does not even have a fridge or public toilets for functions—you have to sell your ideas." Philbin was followed by John Leuthart in1985 who appointed the Gallery's first curator Gregory Burke two years later. Paula Savage became Director in 1990 and oversaw the Gallery's move to the current location and its rebranding as City Gallery. The rebranding cemented a long-term relationship with the advertising agency Saatchi &amp; Saatchi resulting in a number of award-winning ads. In 2009 Savage was responsible for one of the Gallery's most popular exhibitions: "Yayoi Kusama: Mirrored Years" with an attendance of 88,155. The same year she appointed City Gallery Wellington's first Curator of Māori and Pacific Art Reuben Friend. Elizabeth Caldwell followed Savage who left the Gallery in 2011 after twenty-two years as its director.
Exhibitions.
1982 "Greer Twiss: a Survey 1959 – 1981" curated by the Director Seddon Bennington was the first major touring exhibition instituted by the Gallery.
1986 "David Hockney: Hockney's Photographs" was the first of many popular international exhibitions and City Gallery's first fee-paying show. To accommodate it, the Gallery was required to install air conditioning to meet international conservation standards.
1986 "Karanga Karanga" was the first public art museum exhibition in New Zealand of collaborative works by wāhine artists. "Listener" reviewer Georgina Kamiria Kirby described it as, "An exhibition done by Māori women, about Māori women, for Māori women"
1990 "Now See Hear! Art, Language and Translation" was the most ambitious exhibition attempted by City Gallery up to that time. Curated by Gregory Burke and Ian Wedde to mark 150 years since the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, it featured 236 New Zealand and international artists.
1993 "Rosemarie Trockel" was the first exhibition City Gallery toured outside New Zealand when it travelled to the MCA in Sydney. It was curated by Gregory Burke and opened City Gallery's new building in Civic Square. Alongside the Rosemarie Trockel exhibition were four shows of women artists: "Alter/Image," "Te Whare Puanga", and Jacqueline Fraser's project "He Tohu: The New Zealand Room". "Alter/Image" surveyed twenty years of work by New Zealand women artists.
In 1998 City Gallery worked with the acclaimed Dutch curator Rudi Fuchs to present "The Exhibition of the Century: Modern Masters from the Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam" which included artists ranging from Vincent van Gogh to Jeff Koons. In 2006 a major exhibition by Australian artist Patricia Piccinini" "attracted a record audience for the time of 120,000.
Since opening at its current location in 1993, City Gallery has also hosted monographic exhibitions of many other major international artists including Tracey Emin, Keith Haring, Rosalie Gascoigne, Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera, Tracey Moffatt, Sidney Nolan, Bridget Riley, Sam Taylor Wood, Salla Tykkä, Hilma af Klint, Stanley Spencer, Wim Wenders as well as New Zealand's own Laurence Aberhart, Rita Angus, Shane Cotton, Tony Fomison, Bill Hammond, Ralph Hotere, Ronnie van Hout, Melvin Day, Martin Thompson, and Boyd Webb.
A full list of exhibitions, catalogues and relevant commentary is hosted on City Gallery's Past Exhibitions page.
Controversies.
In 1995 a petition by the Christian Heritage Party collected 2829 signatures and an advertisement was placed in an unsuccessful but controversial attempt to close the "Robert Mapplethorpe" "Retrospective" exhibition at City Gallery Wellington. In March 1999, the same group tried to have the Keith Haring exhibition closed. They suggested that the police should photograph everybody visiting the exhibition, and complained that although the catalogue accompanying the exhibition was classed as unrestricted by the Office of Film and Literature Classification, the exhibition itself featured works of sodomy and bestiality that were not suitable for families. The party then submitted 18 works to the Office of Film and Literature Classification, but the case was not heard until after the exhibition closed. The censor classified five of the submitted works from the exhibition as "objectionable unless restricted to people over 13 or children accompanied by a parent or guardian".
Early in 2021, Experience Wellington announced a restructuring process which included changes to the staffing of City Gallery Wellington, the disestablishment of the role of a dedicated director, the removal of the senior curator Robert Leonard and the appointment of a curator Toi Māori. The restructure proved controversial, and although questioned by the Mayor and opposed by senior members of the wider arts community, it was fully implemented and the role of Director, held by Elizabeth Caldwell, was disestablished. A new role of Director Art &amp; Heritage was established and Elizabeth Caldwell was appointed to this position. 
In 2024 Diana Marsh undertook a realignment and the role of Director Art and Heritage was split into two positions – Director Art and City Gallery and Director History and Science. Charlotte Davy was appointed as Director Art and City Gallery. 
External links.
"Wellington's Old Buildings", David Kernohoran, Victoria University Press 1994, , page 184

</doc>
<doc id="6912553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912553" title="Tokyo local election, 2005">
Tokyo local election, 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6912558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912558" title="Courts of Romania">
Courts of Romania



</doc>
<doc id="6912570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912570" title="Double Barrel (song)">
Double Barrel (song)

"Double Barrel" is a 1970 reggae single by Dave and Ansell Collins (though credited in both the UK and the US to 'Dave and Ansil Collins'). 
It was the second reggae tune to top the UK singles chart, two years after Desmond Dekker's number 1 breakthrough hit "Israelites". The record reached number 1 in the UK for the first two weeks in March 1971, selling 300,000 copies, after only 33 radio plays. In the US, "Double Barrel" peaked at number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 the week of 7 August 1971 and number 4 on WLS on 28 June 1971, two years to the week after "Israelites" made a nearly identical climb to peak at the same position on the same chart. The record also reached number 1 in Mexico on October 23, 1971 and number 8 in Australia.
Background.
Written and produced by Winston Riley, former vocalist of The Techniques, the single featured the vocals of Dave Barker, who had been recording in Jamaica for around five years, principally for Clement "Coxsone" Dodd and Lee Perry. This song marked the first appearance on record by Sly Dunbar, later of Sly &amp; Robbie fame, on drums. He was just 18 at the time. A significant portion of the tune bears a strong resemblance to Ramsey Lewis' 1967 song "Party Time" (on Chess). From the very beginning of the cold intro, the lyrics are punctuated throughout by the unusual claim "I am the magnificent W-O-O-O" (and variants thereof), but the title never appears.
Samples.
It was sampled in 2012 GOOD Music song "The One".

</doc>
<doc id="6912573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912573" title="Something Kinda Ooooh">
Something Kinda Ooooh

"Something Kinda Ooooh" is a song by British-Irish all-female pop group Girls Aloud, taken from their first greatest hits collection "" (2006). The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania. Inspired by 1980s pop and George Michael, "Something Kinda Ooooh" was released as a single in October 2006. It returned Girls Aloud to the top three of the UK Singles Chart for the first time in two years. It also made Girls Aloud the first British act to debut in the top five on the chart based on legal download sales alone.
The music video shows Girls Aloud driving sports cars. The group admitted that the video was not their best, due to time restraints. "Something Kinda Ooooh" was promoted through numerous live appearances and has since been performed on each one of Girls Aloud's subsequent concert tours. Described as "a welcome return to a tune which gets you moving", the song received praise from contemporary music critics.
Background and composition.
"Something Kinda Ooooh" is an uptempo alternative dance song, written and recorded to launch Girls Aloud's greatest hits compilation "The Sound of Girls Aloud". Upon Xenomania's first attempt at creating a single, they came up with "Dog Without a Bone", which would later become the b-side to "Sexy! No No No...". On the second attempt, they aimed to make a song influenced by the 1980s and George Michael's "Too Funky", with "Something Kinda Ooooh" being created. The song went back and forth between Xenomania and their band several times before being finalised. A restructure of the song placed Cheryl Cole's "I've got to heat it up" verse in the introduction as well as the middle 8, while the third attempt of creating a single turned "Something Kinda Ooooh" into a full-on dance track.
Release.
On 4 October 2006, "Something Kinda Ooooh" became the first Girls Aloud single since "Sound of the Underground" to go onto Radio 1's A List, guaranteeing the song at least 20 plays a week.
The single was released as a digital download on 16 October 2006, and on physical formats a week later on 23 October 2006. It was available on two CD single formats. The first disc included "The Crazy Life", co-written by Girls Aloud and sung solely by Kimberley Walsh. The second CD format included "Models" from the "Chemistry" album, following its use as the theme to the television series "". The version featured has a slightly edited intro and censors the word "shit" in the second verse. The second disc also includes the Tony Lamezma Remix of "Something Kinda Ooooh" and a greatest hits megamix by Jewels &amp; Stone. A number of remixes were made available digitally. The Tube City Remix of the song appears on 2007's "Mixed Up". A live recording of "Something Kinda Ooooh" appears on 2007's "Sexy! No No No..." and on 2008's "Girls A Live".
The song was featured on the soundtrack to the film "Run, Fat Boy, Run", while the UCA used the song heavily in their 2009 cheer camp series. It was the music for the "Extreme Routine", the most difficult challenge the cheerleaders face at camp. The song was also performed in a televised audition for the 9th season of American Idol. "Something Kinda Ooooh" was played during the obsequies of German goalkeeper Robert Enke. It was also the theme song for professional wrestler Jetta, and has also occasionally been used by her tag team partner Rain. "Something Kinda Ooooh" can be heard in the third episode of series one of BBC's "Miranda".
The song is also heard in the second episode of series two of E4's "The Inbetweeners". In 2024, the song was used in an advert for Radox shower gel.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Something Kinda Ooooh" was referred to as "another head-spinningly innovative number from the Xenomania team" that served as "more proof that they [Girls Aloud] are this country's finest pop act." CBBC Newsround called the song "a welcome return to a tune which gets you moving" (following two ballads, "See the Day" and "Whole Lotta History"). The review continued that "the girls are still at the top of their game."
Peter Robinson of music website Popjustice described the song as "a breakneck romp through three albums' worth of game-changing, era-defining, genre-redefining pop music." "Something Kinda Ooooh" was nominated for the Popjustice £20 Music Prize in 2007, an annual prize awarded by a panel of judges organised by Popjustice to the singer(s) of the best British pop single of the past year. Girls Aloud had previously won the award for "No Good Advice", "Wake Me Up", and "Biology", but only came fourth with "Something Kinda Ooooh".
Chart performance.
Following the single's release as a digital download, "Something Kinda Ooooh" entered the official UK Singles Chart at number five. They became the first British act to chart in the top five on legal download sales. The following week, "Something Kinda Ooooh" reached its peak of number three. The single stayed at number three for a second week, while Girls Aloud's greatest hits collection topped the albums chart. It fell to number seven the next week. After falling to number twelve in its fifth week, "Something Kinda Ooooh" rose three places to reenter the top ten at number nine. Overall, the single spent fifteen weeks in the UK's top 75. It was the 36th biggest selling single in the UK in the whole of 2006. "Something Kinda Ooooh" also peaked at number three on the UK Download Chart.
The song charted at number seven on the Irish Singles Chart and number eleven on the "Billboard" European Hot 100 Singles chart.
Music video.
The music video for "Something Kinda Ooooh" was directed by Stuart Gosling. It was filmed on 12 September 2006 and premiered on UK music TV station The Box on 21 September 2006. However, The Box had actually shown an early edit of the video, and the finished version was shown on Channel 4's Popworld on 30 September 2006. It features the girls "driving" sports cars in front of a green screen showing the streets of London. Cheryl Cole has a car to herself, Nadine Coyle shares with Kimberley Walsh, and Nicola Roberts shares with Sarah Harding. The featured sports cars of the video are a red TVR Tuscan 2 convertible, blue TVR Tamora and green Lotus Elise. The group also perform a dance routine in front of flashing strobelights.
In an interview with MTV Hits, Cole admitted that "Something Kinda Ooooh" was not their best video. She, along with the rest of the girls, blamed lack of time for the video's outcome and revealed that the video was not what she or the girls had wanted it to be.
The video can be found on the enhanced section of the "Something Kinda Ooooh" CD single, as well as Girls Aloud's 2007 DVD release "Style".
Live performances.
"Something Kinda Ooooh" was notably Girls Aloud's first single release following the cancellation of music-oriented television programmes like ', "Top of the Pops", and "Top of the Pops Reloaded". The group performed "Something Kinda Ooooh" live for the first time on "Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway". The song was also performed on T4's "Popworld", "The Album Chart Show", the Children in Need 2006 telethon, and "Top of the Pops Christmas special, as well as at the Harrods Christmas parade. They performed the song at a number of live events and open-air concerts, such as G-A-Y, Sketch, T4 on the Beach (2007), and V Festival (2008). Girls Aloud performed a downtempo version with an acoustic arrangement at an intimate gig for Birmingham's leading radio station, BRMB. A recording of the performance was later made available on "Girls A Live", a limited edition live album released through Woolworths. They performed the song in black tutus for ITV1's "The Girls Aloud Party" (2008). In 2012, it was performed at Capital FM's Jingle Bell Ball to promote Girls Aloud's second greatest hits album "Ten".
The song has been performed at all of Girls Aloud's concert tours since its release. It served as the opening number of 2007's The Greatest Hits Tour. Girls Aloud descended onto the stage on a large platform. For 2008's Tangled Up Tour, the song served as the encore. Girls Aloud were "untangled" and then performed the song in neon swimwear and legwarmers, while confetti fell. The song was also included on 2009's Out of Control Tour and featured as a part of Girls Aloud's set opening for Coldplay at Wembley Stadium.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Something Kinda Ooooh".
Digital EP
Cover versions.
The song has been covered by London-based band WARGASM for Amazon Music, as well as South African girl band for their 2007 album "So Elektries", reworked in Afrikaans as "Ietsie Binne My".

</doc>
<doc id="6912574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912574" title="A1101">
A1101



</doc>
<doc id="6912592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912592" title="Donne-moi une chance">
Donne-moi une chance



</doc>
<doc id="6912593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912593" title="Oseille">
Oseille



</doc>
<doc id="6912596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912596" title="Dr Kent Hovind">
Dr Kent Hovind



</doc>
<doc id="6912599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912599" title="Adel Darwish">
Adel Darwish

Adel Alexander Darwish (, ) is a Westminster-based British political journalist, a veteran Fleet Street reporter, author, historian, broadcaster, and political commentator. Darwish is currently (since 2002) a parliament lobby correspondent based at the Press Gallery of the House of Commons, the Palace of Westminster, specialising in foreign affairs, especially Middle Eastern politics; London University Graduate/Post Graduate 1965/1966–1967.
Darwish is a veteran Fleet Street foreign correspondent and has worked for "The Daily Mail", "The Daily Telegraph", "The Independent", "The Daily Express", "The News of The World", "The Scotsman", "Scotland on Sunday", "The YorkShire Post", "The Washington Post" and "The Times", and many international newspapers and publications in North America, Asia and the Middle East, as well as maintaining his online blog and publishing several books. He is currently the political editor of "World Media", Middle East News and "The Middle East Magazine", and a regular contributor to "The Tribune".
Early life.
Darwish was born in Alexandria in 1944, during the Second World War, to a family from the Balkans and central Europe. His parents are believed to have held British citizenship and lived for years in Britain. His father, was postmaster in Alexandria when the local postal service was run by the British government.
After attending British schools in Alexandria, Darwish moved to Britain After the Suez War (between 1956 – 1959) where he studied for A levels then to London University. He graduated in 1966, having also spent four semesters in the academic year 1963-1964 at Alexandria University as part of his study of Middle Eastern history.
After university, Darwish began his journalistic career in Africa, as a correspondent for several British Fleet Street newspapers, before moving to the Middle East to cover events there. Darwish reported on the Dawson's Field hijackings of several aircraft by the Palestinian radical group, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), in 1970, and the ensuing Black September clashes in Jordan.
Darwish was also sent to Egypt, Lebanon, Libya, Sudan and Iraq between 1970 and 1972. While in Iraq, he met Saddam Hussein, at that time still relatively unknown in the West and just beginning his political career as shadow deputy leader of the local Baath Party and vice-chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council. There is an amusing well known story in Fleet Street about the occasion when Darwish, along with another Middle East correspondent, John Bulloch, met Saddam Hussein, who invited "her majesty's press corps" to a glass of the Iraqi national drink, which turned out to be a bottle of Black Label Whisky. That evening, Mr Deputy, as Saddam Hussein was known then, out-drank the entire Fleet Street mission to Baghdad. In 1973, Darwish became a Middle East-based correspondent, and went on to cover that year's Yom Kippur War, in which Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and Syria attacked Israel to recapture land lost in the 1967 Six-Day War.
Journalistic career.
Adel Darwish is currently the Political Editor of the "Middle East" Group, based at the Parliamentary Press Gallery at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in Westminster.
A prolific writer, Darwish covered the Iran–Iraq War (1980–1988), the Lebanese Civil War (1975–1990), the Egypt–Israel peace treaty (1980), the assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Al Sadat (1981) and his state funeral, and the Gulf War (1991).
Darwish was the first journalist in the world to expose Saddam Hussein's missile programme after an explosion in al-Hella, a facility south of Baghdad, killed over 800 people in August 1987. Darwish, together with Pierre Salinger, also had a scoop when he obtained the transcripts of the meetings between United States' Ambassador April Glaspie and Saddam Hussein a week before the Iraqi Invasion of Kuwait, in which Hussein made clear his aggressive intentions without any objections from Glaspie. Darwish's story was printed in "The Independent" in August 1990 with an agreement from Salinger that ABC News would air the story a few hours later. The day before, Darwish had published a story on the meeting between the American chargé d'affaires, Joseph C. Wilson, and Saddam Hussein on 6 August 1990, when the Iraqi President offered to give America oil below market price if he were to annex Kuwait.
Strengthening Darwish's position as a leading regional investigative reporter during his time at "The Independent" (1986–1998), Darwish published numerous exclusive stories, including his exposé on Libyan leader Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi's chemical weapons factory at Rabta; the attempt on al-Gaddafi's life during a visit by the late Syrian President Hafez al-Assad; and the Libyan leader's efforts to buy a nuclear-powered submarine from a Russian captain. Darwish also revealed secret talks between Syria and Israel; the 1988 secret missile deal between Saudi Arabia and China; and the role of the United States Navy and Air Force in supporting Saddam Hussein during the Iran–Iraq War and Hussein's long-standing relationship with the United States' Central Intelligence Agency. He was among the first writers to use the term "Islamists" to refer to Islamic extremists employing violence.
Personally acquainted with most Middle Eastern leaders and statesmen, Darwish also had close ties to British Arabists and Foreign Office officials active in the region, known as the Camel Corps. The many obituaries he has written for "The Independent", numbering more than 200, give a unique insight into a century of Middle Eastern history and the interaction of the British Empire and the Arab world.
Darwish worked as a fleet street correspondent and stringer in Jerusalem, Cairo, Tehran, Beirut, Bahrain, and as a roving correspondent in Africa and the Middle East.
For a period of approximately nine months and until December 2008, Darwish was director of the UK-based research organization "Just Journalism". He resigned citing disagreements with the organisation's chairwoman and founder, on the issue of neutrality.
As well as "The Independent" and "The Daily Telegraph", Darwish has worked for "The Times" and his articles have been printed in "The Daily Mail", "The Daily Express", "The Scotsman", "The Washington Post" and "The Economist" magazine. He frequently appears as a commentator on the BBC, Sky News and ITN, as well as major American and Canadian networks and Arabic-language television stations, including Nile TV and Kuwait TV.
Theatre.
As a playwright, Darwish has been involved in British theatre, with some of his plays performed at the Edinburgh Festival and at the Young Vic and several Fringe theatres in London during the 1970s. Most of his plays are adaptations of poems and short stories from Africa, especially from Egypt.
Awards.
In 2008, Adel Darwish won the Cutting Edge Prize ("for an outstanding new ideas and contribution to peace and understanding via Journalism") from the Next Century Foundation's International Council for Press and Broadcasting media council awards, for his contribution to better understanding both in and towards the Middle East. At the International Media Awards in 2017 he was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for the positive impact his work has had on coverage of the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="6912603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912603" title="International Ornithological Congress">
International Ornithological Congress



</doc>
<doc id="6912605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912605" title="Wade Ceramics">
Wade Ceramics

Wade Ceramics Ltd was a manufacturer of porcelain and earthenware, headquartered in Stoke-on-Trent, England. Its products include animal figures for its Collectors Club, whisky flagons, and a variety of industrial ceramics.
In the 1950s, the Wade potteries created 'Whimsies', small solid porcelain animal figures first developed by Sir George Wade, which became popular and collectable in Britain and America, following their retail launch in 1954, and were widely available in shops throughout the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. The figurines have also been offered along with Red Rose Tea since 1967.
Its other brand names of inexpensive collectable porcelain include 'TV Pets', 'Whoppas', and 'Minikins'.
Wade has produced licensed pieces based on TV shows, comic books, and Disney films.
History.
Wade Ceramics was established in 1867 in Burslem, England. It originally comprised several different companies founded by various members of the Wade family and was united as Wade Potteries Limited in 1958. The original companies were:
In 1905, George Wade &amp; Son took over rival company Henry Hallen. As the Hallen firm was owned by a distant relative and had been founded in 1810, Wade Ceramics (through this) claims to have been established in 1810. In the 1930s, Colonel Sir George Wade gained control of the Wade companies that had previously been run by his father and uncles. He also started further Wade factories, including Wade (Ulster) Ltd in Portadown.
Following the death of Sir George Wade in 1986 at the age of 94, and the death of leukaemia of his innovative son George Anthony (Tony) Wade in 1987, the Wade potteries were taken over by Beauford Plc in 1998 and renamed Wade Ceramics Ltd. In the early 1990s the Irish pottery factory was renamed Seagoe Ceramics, and was closed down.
Beauford PLC's pottery factories were taken over by a management buyout in 1999, becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Wade Allied Holdings Ltd. Edward Duke, former CEO of Beauford, became the major shareholder of Wade Allied Holdings and Chairman of Wade Ceramics. His partner Paul Farmer became managing director of Wade. In 2009, Wade Allied Holdings invested £7.9m in a new factory with the latest robotic manufacturing equipment to make ceramic flagons for the whisky industry. The last Wade factory in Burslem was closed in 2010, and sold for housing development. 
The original factory is still standing and has lain derelict for 10 years, subject to vandalism and arson over the years.
As of 2011, Wade's Ceramics operates from Bessemer Drive in Etruria, Stoke-on-Trent. In November 2022, The company entered into administration citing the difficult UK economic conditions and rising energy prices for its operating difficulties. As of 2 December 2022, Wade Ceramics entered into Administration with the termination of all employees.

</doc>
<doc id="6912613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912613" title="Chevy Spark">
Chevy Spark



</doc>
<doc id="6912614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912614" title="Chevy Joy">
Chevy Joy



</doc>
<doc id="6912615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912615" title="Sbemail">
Sbemail



</doc>
<doc id="6912616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912616" title="Chevy Matiz">
Chevy Matiz



</doc>
<doc id="6912618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912618" title="Ingo Schulze">
Ingo Schulze

Ingo Schulze (born 15 December 1962) is a German writer born in Dresden in former East Germany. He studied classical philology at the University of Jena for five years, and, until German reunification, was an assistant director (dramatic arts advisor) at the State Theatre in Altenburg 45 km south of Leipzig for two years. After sleeping through the events of the night of 9 November 1989, Schulze started a newspaper with friends. He was encouraged to write. Schulze spent six months in St Petersburg which became the basis for his debut collection of short stories "33 Moments of Happiness" (1995).
Schulze has won a number of awards for his novels and stories, which have been translated into twenty languages, among them into English by John E. Woods. In 2007, he was awarded the Thüringer Literaturpreis. In 2013 he was awarded the Bertolt-Brecht-Literaturpreis.
Life.
Schulze, the son of a physicist and a doctor, grew up with his mother after his parents' divorce. After completing his Abitur, which he took in 1981 at the Kreuzschule in Dresden, he completed basic military service in the National People's Army. Until 1988 he studied classical philology at the Friedrich-Schiller University of Jena.
Subsequently, Schulze was a dramaturg at the "Landestheater" of Altenburg, which he left in order to work as a journalist. In 1990 he was a cofounder of the 'independent newspaper' the "Alternburger Wochenblatt", which was operational until Autumn 1991, as well as an "Offertenblatt" (a kind of newspaper for classified ads) called the "Anzeiger". Both were published by the Alternburg publishing house, which was managed by Schulze until the end of 1992. In early 1993 he went to Russia, where he launched the advertising newspaper "Привет Петербург" ("Privet Petersburg").
Since the mid-1990s Schulze has lived as a freelance author in Berlin. He and his wife have two daughters.
Since 2006 he has been a member of the Berlin Academy of the Arts and, since 2007, of the German Academy for Language and Poetry in Darmstadt. He is also a member of the Saxony Academy of the Arts and the PEN Centre Germany.
In Autumn 2019 Schulze curated the "forum:autoren" at the Munich Literature Festival. The theme was titled 'Exercises in paradise. Questions to the world after 1989.'

</doc>
<doc id="6912622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912622" title="David Copperfield's laser illusion">
David Copperfield's laser illusion

David Copperfield's laser illusion is an illusion performed by David Copperfield in several magic shows. The magician or his assistant is cut by a "laser" into two or more parts and starts walking.
Illusion description.
As performed during the 2001 TV special "Copperfield: Tornado of Fire", Copperfield was "cut in half" by his assistant or assistants, wielding the laser beam. Sparks and flames flew where the beam "hits" his body. Copperfield then demonstrated to the audience that he was truly in two pieces by lowering the top half of his body onto a chair while the lower half of his body (waist down) remained visibly standing. As the finale, Copperfield, still separated from the waist, held on to his legs as he walked and hopped to the front of the stage, where he lifted the upper half of his body onto the bottom half and "re-connected" himself.
The illusion is not currently featured in the live performances of David Copperfield, who rotates effects in and out of his repertoire as new material evolves and is developed.

</doc>
<doc id="6912626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912626" title="4.5-inch gun">
4.5-inch gun



</doc>
<doc id="6912628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912628" title="Mantorp">
Mantorp

Mantorp is a locality situated in Mjölby Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 3,671 inhabitants in 2010. In the middle of Mantorp there is a small centre where a Christmas market is held annually. The locality is surrounded by farmland. The closest bigger towns are Mjölby about 10 km away and Linköping about 20–30 km away.
Mantorp is the location of the race track Mantorp Park and Mantorp-horse trotting track.
There are also a mall in Mantorp called Depot Mantorp (before, it was called Mobilia).

</doc>
<doc id="6912629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912629" title="Funky Man (Dee Dee King song)">
Funky Man (Dee Dee King song)

"Funky Man" is a single by Dee Dee King, the rapper alias of Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone. It was released as a 12-inch single by Profile Records imprint Rock Hotel Records, with the B-side being an extended dub version of the song. The cover art work was by James Rizzi.
The single was recorded after Ramone was in a drug treatment center where he was introduced to rap. He was still in the Ramones when it was released, although he left the band in 1989 and then released a full album under his King alias, "Standing in the Spotlight".

</doc>
<doc id="6912632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912632" title="Evaristo Baschenis">
Evaristo Baschenis

Evaristo Baschenis (7 December 1617 – 16 March 1677) was an Italian Baroque painter of the 17th century, active mainly around his native city of Bergamo.
Biography.
He was born in Bergamo to a family of artists. He is best known for still lifes, most commonly of musical instruments. This could explain his friendship with a family with notable violin makers from Cremona. "Still-life" depiction were uncommon as a thematic among Italian painters prior to the 17th century. Baschenis, along with the more eccentric 16th-century painter Milanese Arcimboldo, represents provincial outputs with idiosyncratic tendencies that appear to appeal to the discernment of forms and shapes rather than grand manner themes of religious or mythologic events. For Arcimboldo, the artifice is everything; for Baschenis, the items, man-made musical instruments, have a purpose and a beauty even in their silent geometry. One source for his photographic style of still life could be Caravaggio's early painting of peaches, or alternatively, Dutch paintings. The most faithful imitator of his style is a younger contemporary Bergamese, Bartolomeo Bettera. Baschenis is a contemporary of the Bergamese portrait artist, Carlo Ceresa, and appears to have been influential for the Modenese artist Cristoforo Munari.
Critical reception.
The rapid success achieved by the painter early on in Bergamo and other Italian centers (Milan, Venice, Turin, Florence, Rome) is attested to not only by the numerous works present in the private collections of the time and by the large number of copies and imitations derived by anonymous painters from his models (a trend which came to be known as the "maniera bergamasca", and which persisted down to the beginning of the nineteenth century), but also by the written sources, which praise Baschenis's extraordinary capacity for realistic representation and his inventiveness. In the very year of his death (1677), a brief but significant testimonial by Father Donato Calvi, prior of the Monastery of Sant'Agostino in Bergamo and a fine connoisseur a of the arts, offered praise of the painter which is also a useful guide to the way in which Baschenis's work was understood by the people of the time:
Having rendered himself outstanding in painting objects from nature, especially inanimate ones, and unequaled in depicting instruments and figures of the liberal arts, he swiftly walked the path of immortality.
In Mgr. Bottari's «Pictorial Letters» (1822, IV, p. 22), there is a letter of Antonio Lupis addressed to Baschenis, supplied by Count Giacomo Carrara who greatly helped the Roman Scholar in compiling that renowned collection, which is worth quoting here. The tone is swollen, the hyperbole somewhat ponderous with baroque turns of phrase. But the writer's enthusiasm is soundly based upon critical reasons, or at least upon those of taste:
«In painting your worship has arrived at that fullness that can grant perfection and the ultimate exquisiteness of art. With your compositions you have conquered the characteristics of nature and forced the canvas to speak. Even the shadows spread by your hands lend rays to glory and with the night the most resplendent days of fame are opened wide. Your worship will be that phoenix of painters reborn in all the revolutions of the centuries and shall adorn the stones of his tomb with the praises for eternity. Civic splendor of Brembo, proud ornament of galleries, equal of the ancient Apelles and modern light of the Zeuxis. Your worship's brush bears the color of wonder and informs your works with the vivacity of the objects. Rome recalls it with the virtuousity of your paintings, Florence speaks of it with the images of your pigments, Venice echoes with the delicacies of your hand and Turin celebrates the prodigious strokes of your style. Cities where the figured undertakings of your prowess are found have acclaimed them as a miracle of the profession and the effort of genius. I do not say that many princes and the foremost leaders of the Holy Church have thus added light tho the face of the sun. To this outpouring of truth virtue's merit alone urges me and that esteem due such as you.

</doc>
<doc id="6912633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912633" title="Lee Langley">
Lee Langley

Lee Langley is a British writer born in Calcutta, India.
Langley is the author of ten novels, including "Changes of Address" (1987), a largely autobiographical account of her childhood in India, the first in a loose trilogy of novels set in India which was short-listed for the Hawthornden Prize. It was followed by "Persistent Rumours" (1992), which won the Writers' Guild Award (Best Fiction) and the Commonwealth Writers' Prize (Eurasia Region, Best Book), and "A House in Pondicherry" (1995). Her novel, "Distant Music" (2001), spans six centuries in a narrative that begins on the Portuguese island of Madeira in the 15th century and ends in London in the year 2000. Her novel, "A Conversation on the Quai Voltaire" (2006), is set in 18th and 19th century Paris, Italy, Russia and Egypt, and recreates the life of Dominique Vivant Denon, one of the most significant figures in French art history. Her novel, "Butterfly's Shadow" (2010) set in mid-twentieth-century America and Japan, takes Giacomo Puccini's opera, "Madama Butterfly" as a springboard to send the characters into an imagined future.
She has also written several film scripts and screenplays, including television adaptations of Graham Greene's "The Tenth Man", several stories by Rumer Godden, and Barbara Taylor Bradford's "A Woman of Substance". She has written on travel and the arts for leading newspapers and magazines, such as The Independent and The Spectator.
Langley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1996. She lives in Richmond, London.

</doc>
<doc id="6912637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912637" title="Owen Sedanca">
Owen Sedanca

The Owen Sedanca was a GT-class car built in the United Kingdom in the 1970s. Only two were ever sold.
History.
The Sedanca was commissioned by Gerald Ronson, owner of London-based car dealership H.R. Owen. The design was heavily inspired by the Lamborghini Espada and was penned by Chris Humberstone.
The Sedanca's hand-crafted body was placed on a Jaguar XJ6 chassis. The bodywork was built by coachbuilders Williams &amp; Pritchard Limited. The car retained the Jaguar 4.2-litre engine alternatively the less powerful Jaguar 3600cc engine could also be fitted.
Sales.
The car was unveiled at Kensington in September 1973 and was priced at £8,500 – more than twice the price of the car on which it was based. Eighty orders were taken, but the 1973 oil crisis resulted in most of the 80 orders being cancelled, and the project was shelved.
In 1978, a Mr. Farid ordered a Sedanca for his son to use on the grounds of his Oxfordshire estate. He later ordered another for his younger son; this car being delivered in 1983. They were both sold, with very low mileage, when the Farid family left Britain in the late 1980s.
The two cars still exist, in addition to the original prototype. In December 2005, the 1978 car was put up for sale on eBay.

</doc>
<doc id="6912639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912639" title="Emile Krieps">
Emile Krieps



</doc>
<doc id="6912640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912640" title="Baby Jump">
Baby Jump

"Baby Jump" is a popular song, released as a single in 1971 by Mungo Jerry.
Written by the group's lead vocalist and guitarist Ray Dorset and produced by Barry Murray, it was the band's second No. 1 single, reaching the top of the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in March 1971. The song originally entered at No. 32 before dropping out of the chart due to lack of sales data owing to a national postal strike, but re-entered two weeks later at No. 14. The song also reached No. 5 in the Irish Singles Chart.
Like the group's debut single, "In the Summertime", the British release was a maxi-single playing at 33 rpm. The second track on the A-side was a Paul King composition, "The Man Behind the Piano". The B-side, which had a playing time of 9 minutes 50 seconds, included live recordings from their Hollywood Festival appearance of "Maggie" (excerpt), "Midnight Special", and "Mighty Man".

</doc>
<doc id="6912642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912642" title="5-inch gun">
5-inch gun

A 5-inch gun is a gun with a 5-inch bore. Examples include these naval weapons:

</doc>
<doc id="6912646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912646" title="David Sheffield">
David Sheffield

David Sheffield (born 1948) is an American comedy writer best known for his writing on "Saturday Night Live" and the screenplays for "Coming to America", "Coming 2 America", and "The Nutty Professor" all written in collaboration with Barry W. Blaustein.

</doc>
<doc id="6912654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912654" title="Newham, Victoria">
Newham, Victoria

Newham () is a town in the Shire of Macedon Ranges in Victoria, Australia. It is situated between the towns of Kyneton, Woodend and Lancefield. At the 2006 census, the surrounding area had a population of 570.
At the 2016 census, Newham and the surrounding area had a population of 506.
History.
The township of Newham was occupied as a station in 1847 by settlers named Peters and Dryden and called Dryden's Rock; The district of Newham and Woodend was created in December 1861; it became the Shire of Newham and Woodend in January 1905.
Newham Post Office opened on 16 September 1861 and closed in 1971.
Possible origins of the name.
In 1848 it may have been named Newham after Rev. Newham, an Anglican priest. Around the 1850s, Newham was known variously as "Hieland Town" or "Isle of Skye", perhaps indicating a Scottish heritage of the early settlers. It would appear that these names were colloquial terms rather than official names.
While it is likely that the town was named after Rev. Newham, other theories exist regarding the origins of the name Newham. Historians appear to be divided on the origins of Edward Dryden, one of the first settlers, who is thought by some to have been born in Newham, Northumberland, England. Alternatively, it has been supposed that Dryden came from Oldham, Greater Manchester, England, and that he named his new home in recognition of the new country.
Today.
Newham is close to Hanging Rock and is home to the Hanging Rock Winery, which is located on Jim Road on the Jim Jim Hill. The area is currently served by the Newham General Store (which closed in September 2007 but reopened in June 2009), located on the intersection of Jim Road, Rochford Road, Coach Road and Dons Road opposite the fire station. It now operates as both a general store and cafe.
Newham has a primary school (State School 1913), a hall (1903) and a park. There is a small, unused bluestone church (1868) opposite the school. The Newham Fire Brigade station is on the corner of Dons Road and Rochford Road (opposite the General store).
On 4 December 2009, the modernisations to the 1905 Mechanics' Hall were officially opened. This hall is credited with being the birthplace of the Victorian Farmers Union, which later became the Country Party then National Party of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6912655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912655" title="Adolphe Guillet dit Tourangeau">
Adolphe Guillet dit Tourangeau

Adolphe-Elzéar Guillet dit Tourangeau (January 15, 1831 – October 8, 1894) was a notary and political figure in Quebec, Canada. He was a Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada representing Quebec East from 1870 to 1874. He also served two terms as mayor of Quebec City.
Biography.
He was born in Quebec City, Lower Canada in 1831 and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Québec. He articled as a notary, studied law at Université Laval and qualified as a notary in 1855. He set up practice in Quebec City, also serving as an agent for several insurance companies. He was a director for the North Shore Railway and the Quebec and Gosford Railway, later the Quebec and Lake St. John Railway. In 1863, he was elected to city council and he served as mayor from 1863 to 1866. During his time as mayor, a regular ferry service was established between Quebec City and Lévis. Tourangeau attempted to have the walls separating Quebec City's Upper Town and Lower Town demolished, although his efforts failed. He served another term as mayor in 1870; after the end of his term, Tourangeau and several of his fellow councillors continued to occupy city hall, claiming that the election was invalid. They were eventually forced to surrender after supplies were cut off.
He was elected to the House of Commons in an 1870 by-election, after Pierre-Gabriel Huot resigned his seat. He was reelected in 1872 but did not run in 1874. He ran unsuccessfully in an 1877 by-election against Wilfrid Laurier. He returned to his notary practice. He was named postmaster for Quebec in 1883 and served until his death in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="6912660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912660" title="Adolphe Tourangeau">
Adolphe Tourangeau



</doc>
<doc id="6912669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912669" title="List of state leaders in 407">
List of state leaders in 407



</doc>
<doc id="6912673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912673" title="Tanpopo (song)">
Tanpopo (song)

 is the third single of Hello! Project subgroup Tanpopo. It was released on June 16, 1999 as an 8 cm CD. It reached number ten on the Japan Oricon charts. Unlike other Tanpopo singles, the song was first featured in "Tanpopo 1" before it was released as a single.
Former Tanpopo member, Aya Ishiguro, reunited with the group's 2nd Generation to sing the Grand Symphonic version of the song. This new version, along with the single version, was featured in the group's second album, "All of Tanpopo". It was also featured as the ending theme song for the variety show Warau Inu no Bouken: YARANEVA!!.
Track listing.
The lyricist and composer of the songs is Tsunku. The arranger of "Tanpopo" was Takao Konishi, while Kaoru Yamauchi arranged the b-side song.

</doc>
<doc id="6912677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912677" title="Sa Paru">
Sa Paru



</doc>
<doc id="6912680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912680" title="Oyangudi">
Oyangudi

Oyangudi is a small village situated near Nazareth in Thoothukudi District of Tamil Nadu, India. Nazareth is 2.5 km away from Oyangudi. There are about 200 families are living in this village. More than 250 houses are there in this village. It belongs to the Mukkuperi panchayet. A C.S.I Church (Holy Trinity Church) is located at the center of the village. An E.R.S Church is situated on the west side of main street. There are four streets are there in Oyangudi. They are West Street, East Street, North Street, and South Street. A post office located at the south street. A water tank is located on the east street. A road from Nazareth to Tiruchendur divides North part and South part. In the southern part a railway road is crossing from East to Westwardly from Tiruchendur to Tirunelveli.
Geography.
Oyangudi is situated near Nazareth of Thoothukudi district. On the north side it is surrounded by a big pool called 'Kadamba Kullam'. On the south side it is surrounded by a big forest called 'Theri' ( red Sand Area). Mukuperi is located on the west side of this village. On the east side Pattakarai is located.
Demographics.
Everybody in the village belongs the Nadar community. Christianity is the main religion followed (most of them C.S.I Christians and others E.R.S Christians).
The nearby cities are Tirunelveli (45 km) and Thoothukudi (47 km). The nearest railway stations are Nazareth (2.5 km) and Kachanavillai (3 km). The nearest harbor and airport is situated at Thoothukudi (47 km).

</doc>
<doc id="6912693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912693" title="Five-inch gun">
Five-inch gun



</doc>
<doc id="6912697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912697" title="List of state leaders in 408">
List of state leaders in 408



</doc>
<doc id="6912698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912698" title="Get Cape Wear Cape Fly">
Get Cape Wear Cape Fly



</doc>
<doc id="6912701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912701" title="2006 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix">
2006 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2006 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix was the second race of the 2006 Motorcycle Grand Prix season. It took place on the weekend of 6–8 April 2006 at the Losail Circuit.
Championship standings after the race (MotoGP).
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round two has concluded.

</doc>
<doc id="6912707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912707" title="Hascombe garden">
Hascombe garden

Hascombe is a nineteenth-century hill station garden located at Mount Macedon in Victoria, Australia. The 11 hectare garden, located on Alton Road, is regarded as one of Victoria's finest and is listed on the Register of the National Estate.
History.
R.L.J. Elery, the original owner, constructed a villa on the site in the 1870s. The garden was significantly expanded by R.S. Whiting who blended his design with the natural landscape of the creek and its backdrop of blackwoods and tree ferns.
In the 1930s the owner at the time, S.Ricketson installed a log cabin, tennis courts and a Douglas Pine plantation. The garden was further developed by Sir Thomas and Lady Ramsay from the 1930s to 1989 when the garden was purchased by Paula and Lindsay Fox.
Layout.
The garden consists of a number of terraced levels with stone retaining walls. A system of pathways and steps link the various levels.
Planting.
The garden has a holly and linden walk, hedges comprising "Pittosporum", "Viburnum", "Ilex" and "Eucryphia" species. A "Picking Garden" displays a range of colourful flower varieties, while the "Woodland Garden" showcases spring bulbs.
Notable trees include a 100-year-old Horizontal Elm ("Ulmus glabra" 'Horizontalis') a Himalayan Fir ("Abies pindrow") and a Cappadocian Maple ("Acer cappadocicum").

</doc>
<doc id="6912708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912708" title="List of state leaders in 409">
List of state leaders in 409



</doc>
<doc id="6912710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912710" title="Holden Park">
Holden Park

Holden Park is the only park in the village of Oakworth, West Yorkshire, England.
The park is also known locally as Oakworth Park.
History.
The park was the former grounds of Sir Isaac Holden's house (Oakworth House) and garden.
Oakworth house was a large Italianate villa built from 1864–74 by architect George Smith at a cost of £80,000 for Sir Isaac Holden.
The house replaced a smaller house on the site built by Joseph Sugden.
In 1907, ten years after Sir Isaac's death in 1897, the house was partially destroyed in a fire and was demolished.
Holden Park was opened by Francis Illingworth in 1925
and in 1927 was given to the people of Oakworth by the family of Sir Isaac Holden.
The stone portico to the house remains to this day but the glasshouses or winter gardens have been removed
and all that remains of the winter gardens are the caves and grotto created by Holden.
A bowling green was constructed on the site of the house.
In April 2004 the Friends of Holden Park group was formed, consisting mostly of local people with the aim of preserving and protecting the remaining features of the park with support from the local community.
In 2011 the summerhouse, known locally as the 'bear house' was restored by The Friends of Holden Park with monies from CNet's grassroots fund.
In 2012 a new blue plaque to Sir Isaac Holden was unveiled on the portico by Sir Paul Holden (Bart.)—Sir Isaac's great grandson
at a fun day to celebrate the Queen's diamond jubilee.
Landmarks.
The park contains the local war memorial,
a stone portico entrance—the only surviving remnant of Oakworth House; and Holden's summer house, made from a steel framework and hypertufa shaped to look like wooden branches.
Past the grottoes and caves there is a large grassed area that used to be the vegetable garden for the house and was later a putting green, and above this are the woods, with many paths originally laid out by Holden.

</doc>
<doc id="6912711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912711" title="Hyakki Yako">
Hyakki Yako



</doc>
<doc id="6912713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912713" title="Mount Macedon">
Mount Macedon

Mount Macedon ( ; or ) is a dormant volcano that is part of the Macedon Ranges of the Great Dividing Range, located in the Central Highlands region of Victoria, Australia. The mountain has an elevation of with a prominence of and is located approximately northwest of Melbourne.
Etymology.
The mountain is known as or in the Aboriginal Woiwurrung language of the Wurundjeri people.
The mountain was sighted by Hamilton Hume and William Hovell on their 1824 expedition to Port Phillip from New South Wales. They named it Mount Wentworth. It was renamed Mount Macedon by explorer Major Thomas Mitchell who ascended the mountain in 1836. He named it after Philip of Macedon in honour of the fact that he was able to view Port Phillip from the summit. Several other geographic features along the path of his third "Australia Felix" expedition were named after figures of Ancient Macedonia including the nearby Campaspe River and Mount Alexander near Castlemaine (named after Alexander the Great).
History.
At the base of Mount Macedon is an axe-grinding site, a large sandstone boulder with thirty-one grooves made by the sharpening of stone axes. This is an important cultural heritage site for the Wurundjeri tribe.
Summit.
The highest peak of Mount Macedon is Camel's Hump, or Camels Hump, one of three mamelons in the area, the rocky outcrop of a once small steep-sided volcano, with an elevation estimated at , and at times is covered in snow. Camel's Hump, together with Hanging Rock and Croziers Rocks are igneous trachyte rocks of the crag and are favoured by rock climbers. The mountain has become a popular venue for sport climbing and for families, due to its proximity to Melbourne.
The view from the summit of Mount Macedon is spectacular, and takes in Melbourne city, the Dandenong Ranges and the You Yangs near Geelong.
Mount Macedon Memorial Cross.
Mount Macedon Memorial Cross is a high monument standing near the summit of the mountain, in an area called Cross Reserve. It was established in 1935 by William Cameron, an early resident of the town of Mount Macedon, as a memorial to his son and others who had died in World War I.
Climate.
Total rainfall approaches annually, reaching a maximum in winter, with minimum amounts occurring during the summer months of January to March. Snowfalls occurs on 15–20 days a year, with snow lying occurring on 10–15 days a year. As with the entire region, Mount Macedon is susceptible to severe frost, generally between the months of May and September, with light frosts throughout the rest of the year and minimal frost between January and March. Extreme minimums have been recorded near . A feature of the region in winter is the occasional appearance of black ice.
Notable events.
On 8 November 1948, Douglas DC-3 VH-UZK operated by Australian National Airways crashed on Mount Macedon a few minutes after leaving Essendon Airport. The pilot and first officer died; the cabin crew and all 19 passengers survived, with relatively minor injuries. The event is commemorated on a plaque in Cross Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="6912716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912716" title="Barry England">
Barry England

Barry England (16 March 1932 – 21 May 2009) was an English novelist and playwright. He is chiefly known for his 1968 thriller "Figures in a Landscape", which was nominated for the inaugural Booker Prize.
Life and work.
England was raised in a Roman Catholic household and studied at Downside School. He joined the British Army and served in the Far Eastern theatre, where he did his share of arduous marches "over two or three mountains in a day". His stint in the army would serve England well later in his literary career. He studied at RADA as a playwright, and around this time began writing pieces for magazines. The first of England's plays to be produced was "End of Conflict", which was staged at the Belgrade Theatre in Coventry in November 1961. The young Ian McKellen played one of the principal roles in this story of British soldiers serving in the Far East. The success of "End of Conflict" led to the Arts Council awarding a playwriting bursary to England. 
In 1963, the Belgrade staged England's next play "The Big Contract", a story of industrial dispute in a large firm. England also wrote plays for television throughout the 1960s, for example, "The Move After Checkmate", a crime thriller that was broadcast in 1966 as part of Anglia Television's "Play of the Week" series.
"Figures in a Landscape".
"Figures in a Landscape" was England's first novel. Published by Jonathan Cape in the summer of 1968, it was hailed by critics as an exemplary addition to the literature of escape. Two professional soldiers, Ansell and MacConnachie, have escaped from a column of POWs in an unnamed country in the tropics. Safety across the border lies 400 miles away; in the meantime, they must make their way through alien territory, battling the climate and the terrain as well as the enemy's soldiers and helicopters. "The Times" called the book "a fiercely masochistic accomplishment" and concluded another review as follows:
In 1970 the novel was made into a film directed by Joseph Losey with Robert Shaw and Malcolm McDowell in the two main roles. According to "The Times", England had been working on a second novel provisionally entitled "The Other Woman", but it is unclear whether this book ever saw the light of day.
"Conduct Unbecoming".
England's other significant work was the play "Conduct Unbecoming". First staged in May 1969 at the Theatre Royal in Bristol, the story concerns a scandal in a regiment of the Indian cavalry in the 1880s. "Conduct Unbecoming" transferred to the West End in July 1969, playing at the Queen's Theatre. Michael Billington wrote of the play:
This play too was translated into a film, "Conduct Unbecoming", with Michael York, Stacy Keach, Richard Attenborough and Trevor Howard in starring roles. England's second novel, "No Man's Land", was published by Jonathan Cape in 1997.
Personal life.
He married actress Diane Clare (1938–2013) in 1967, with whom he had two children; Kate and Christopher. They remained married until his death in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6912717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912717" title="Hyakkiyakō">
Hyakkiyakō



</doc>
<doc id="6912719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912719" title="Hyakkiyako">
Hyakkiyako



</doc>
<doc id="6912726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912726" title="Four Most">
Four Most



</doc>
<doc id="6912733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912733" title="Isaac S. Struble">
Isaac S. Struble

Isaac Sterling Struble (November 3, 1843 – February 17, 1913) was an American politician who was a four-term Republican Representative of Iowa's 11th congressional district. Serving from 1883 to 1891, the Plymouth County resident was a noted congressional opponent of plural marriage in the Utah Territory.
The member of a politically active family, Isaac's six brothers included John T. Struble of Iowa, and George R. Struble, former speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives. He was the granduncle of Bob Struble, Sr. and great-granduncle of Bob Struble, Jr.
Early life.
Isaac Struble of Le Mars, Iowa, was born near Fredericksburg, Virginia. His great-grandfather, Dietrich Struble of Albig bei Alzey, Germany, had sailed to Philadelphia in 1748, settling outside German Valley, New Jersey (since renamed Long Valley). As a boy, Isaac migrated to Ohio and finally to Iowa, where the family settled on a farm near Iowa City. He was educated in the public schools of Ohio and Iowa.
Struble fought in the Civil War. In August 1862, Struble (then 18) enlisted in Company F of the 22nd Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment, marching in the ranks of the Union Army as a private. When he first donned the uniform of the Union, Isaac stood 5'8" with brown eyes and reddish hair. After he was wounded in the Battle of Cedar Creek in Virginia on October 19, 1864, he was promoted to the rank of sergeant. He was mustered out of the service on July 25, 1865. In addition to Cedar Creek, his combat experience included the Battle of Port Gibson, the Siege of Vicksburg, and the Battle of Opequon (otherwise known as the Third Battle of Winchester).
Post-bellum.
In 1866, more than a year after the Civil War, Struble went to St. Louis, Missouri, where he remained about a year as bookkeeper in the wholesale house of J.H. Teasdale &amp; Co., where his uncle was the senior partner. He then moved to Iowa where he attended law school. After admission to the bar he became a practicing attorney in Polo, Illinois in 1870. In 1872, Struble moved to Le Mars, Iowa. Le Mars, in Plymouth County, was then a three-year-old town with a total of some 50 houses. There he and an older brother, James Hammie Struble, set up their law office on Main Street. For the next ten years he applied himself to private legal practice in Le Mars, holding no public office until 1882.
He married Adelaide E. Stone on June 3, 1874.
Congressional career.
As a result of the 1880 census, Iowa's delegation in the U.S. House increased from nine to eleven members, causing the 1881 Iowa General Assembly (where George R. Struble was midway through his term as speaker of the House of Representatives) to reapportion the state's nine-district map into an eleven-district map. Plymouth County and much of northwestern Iowa was included in a new Eleventh District. In 1882, Isaac Struble won the Republican nomination to become the Eleventh District's first representative, then won the general election, becoming a member of the Forty-eighth United States Congress. Struble entered the U.S. House as a member of a freshman class so large that it made up a majority of the House membership, something that has never recurred.
During the three subsequent elections (in 1884, 1886, and 1888), Struble won the Republican renomination by acclamation in district nomination conventions then defeated Democratic Party and Greenback Party candidates in the general election. Struble was, according to the "New York Times", 
"exceptionally popular" at the end of his third term.
 But in 1890, after 43 ballots, the GOP nominating convention gave its nod to the newspaper editor and former state senator, George D. Perkins of Sioux City, who held the seat from 1891 to 1899. In all, Struble served in Congress from March 4, 1883 to March 3, 1891.
Struble's support in Congress for the McKinley Tariff bill in 1890 had been unpopular with farmers in Iowa, who foresaw that a trade war would hurt agricultural exports. The tariff was also a factor in the subsequent economic depression of 1893–97. The tariff's widespread unpopularity at the time of its passage resulted in a Democratic landslide so sweeping nationally that the election of 1890 dropped the Republicans from their majority of 51% in the House down to a minority of only 27% of the House membership.
During his four terms (1883–1891), Congressman Struble enjoyed considerable popularity in his district among rank-and-file citizens, and a small town founded at the time was given the name "Struble" in his honor.
Another measure of Struble's popularity as a representative in Congress was the impressive reception he received in his hometown of LeMars when, in March 1891, he made his final return to Iowa from the halls of Congress. Upon arriving by train, he was greeted by a large crowd, and regaled by the local Striker's Band. A stage had been prepared, and after welcoming words from the mayor and local dignitaries, Struble delivered his farewell address.
As reprinted in the "LeMars Sentinel" Struble's speech outlined the blessings and burdens of being a member of the House of Representatives contemporaneous with the likes of House Speaker Thomas Brackett Reed, future speaker Joe Cannon and future president William McKinley. He offered remarks about such subjects as the proper limits of partisan politics, political patronage, and the heavy load of constituent services and committee work already demanded of a Congressman at that time. His reflections offer a useful study on the "ombudsman" role as it operated a dozen decades ago, a task so time-consuming in the 21st century that several staffers per Congressman work full-time on constituent services.
On his career in Congress the "Congressional Record" provides further information, including his votes and the text of his floor speeches. The "History of Woodbury and Plymouth Counties" published in the early 1890s indicates that, from the standpoint of his peers in Congress, Struble "was always considered a strong member." As a former soldier, Congressman Struble devoted much time to the interests of his constituents in the armed services, including veterans. He knew how to secure lucrative projects for his district, such as the Sioux City public building bill (1890). It was in the United States House Committee on Territories, however, that Struble figured most prominently.
Struble chaired this standing committee during his fourth term. His influence in the Committee on the Territories played a significant role in the admission into the union of six western states – Idaho, Montana, Washington, Wyoming and the two Dakotas, and the organization of Oklahoma Territory. Meanwhile, Senator Shelby Cullom of Illinois together with Congressman Struble pushed the "Cullom-Struble Bill", whose sanctions against polygamy included exclusion of the Utah Territory from statehood. The bill was on the verge of passing Congress in 1890, but the legislation was preempted when the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) formally disavowed polygamous marriages with the 1890 Manifesto.
During their political careers, he and his brother, George R. Struble, were cultural conservatives of the 19th century sort. Both supported prohibition, and Isaac was prominent in his opposition to bigamy. Their stands on these controversial issues made more than a few enemies.
After Congress.
The law practice which he resumed in LeMars dealt sometimes with collections. As a lawyer, Struble acquired an enemy, William Cassmer, who became so incensed that he entered Struble's office with a whip, but Struble, then 63, faced him down. On the following day, however, while outside on the sidewalk, Struble made the mistake, as he later admitted, of turning his back on Cassmer. Cassmer struck Struble on the back of the neck, which rendered Struble unconscious for several minutes and resulted in injuries requiring the attention of a physician.
Isaac was a charter member of the First Congregational Church in Le Mars, and was also active in the Masonic fraternal order.
Struble died suddenly of a diabetic seizure in Le Mars, and is buried in the Le Mars Cemetery. He was survived by his wife and four of his five children.

</doc>
<doc id="6912736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912736" title="Buchs ZH">
Buchs ZH



</doc>
<doc id="6912737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912737" title="Yanya Punhi">
Yanya Punhi



</doc>
<doc id="6912739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912739" title="Dustin Dollin">
Dustin Dollin

Dustin Dollin (born 27 June 1980) is an Australian professional skateboarder who is one of the original team riders for Baker Skateboards
Early life.
Dollin was born in Ballina, New South Wales, Australia, and raised in Katoomba, New South Wales. In a 2006 interview, Dollin stated in relation to his place of origin:
"Growing up is growing up. It doesn't really matter where you are because you don't really know any better when you're a kid. I knew I was poor, but that again just teaches you how to swindle money. Also, where I grew up is one of the most beautiful places in the world. And I would know; I've been everywhere."
In a 2008 interview, Dollin explained that he hates returning to Katoomba because "too many old friends are junkies."
Professional skateboarding.
Following Dollin's appearance at the Tampa Am contest, the Stereo skateboard brand agreed to recruit him to its "flow" program. Former professional skateboarder Danny Gonzales recalled thinking at the time: "At 17 the dude was already a wastoid. Later that night when we bar hopped, I kept either seeing or hearing him yelling and screaming for not getting into the bars. I thought, god, this kid’s fuckin’ crazy."
Dollin was asked to ride for the Vans footwear company in 1999 and has identified John Cardiel as his favorite Vans team member. However, in a 2013 interview, Dollin referred to the Vans team as a "family" and declined to nominate a favourite rider.
Sponsors.
As of September 2016, Dollin's sponsors are Baker skateboards, Spitfire wheels, Independent Truck Company, Volcom, Vans shoes, Happy Hour Sunglasses, Psockadelic and Shake Junt.
Video game appearances.
Dollin is featured in the "Tony Hawk" video games "Tony Hawk's Project 8", "Tony Hawk's Proving Ground", and "".
Personal life.
Dollin has been married and divorced twice.
He has a distribution company out of Australia with his friend Ben Mitchell named PD DIST, that helps out Australian and NZ riders. PD Dist carries: Baker Skateboards, Deathwish, Heroin, Vol 4, Happy Hour, Psockadelic and Shake Junt.

</doc>
<doc id="6912740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912740" title="KION Group">
KION Group

Kion Group AG (styled as KION Group) is a German multinational manufacturer of materials handling equipment, with its headquarters in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany. Its principal products are intralogistics, warehouse automation equipment, and industrial (forklift) trucks. Kion Group was founded in 2006 by the demerger of Linde's materials handling equipment operations. It is the world's second-largest manufacturer of forklifts measured by revenues (after Toyota Industries).
Name.
"Kion" is an invented name derived from the Swahili word "Kiongozi", which means "leader".
History.
Foundation and beginnings.
On 6 September 2006, Linde AG announced a new structure following the completion of its acquisition of BOC, with the gas and engineering businesses of the combined entity operating as The Linde Group and the materials handling businesses (Linde Material Handling, Still, and OM Carrelli Elevatori S.p.A.) operating as Kion Group from then on. Linde AG sold Kion Group to a partnership of KKR and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners for approximately €4 billion.
Acquisitions and expansion abroad.
In January 2009, Kion Group formed a China-based forklift manufacturing joint venture, Kion Baoli (Jiangsu) Forklift, with Jiangsu Shangqi Group and Jingjiang Baoli Forklift. In May 2010, Kion Group acquired full management control of Kion Baoli.
In March 2011, Kion Group and the Indian engineering company Voltas agreed to form a new joint venture, Voltas Materials Handling, consisting of the two companies' material handling equipment operations in India. Kion Group acquired Voltas' 34% shareholding in the venture in November 2012.
In August 2012, the China-based Shandong Heavy Industry's Weichai Power subsidiary agreed to acquire a 25% stake in Kion Group for €467 million, and a 70% majority stake in Kion's hydraulics business for €271 million.
In February 2013, Kion Group sold product rights for Linde brand's reach stacker, empty, and laden container handlers to Finnish crane manufacturer Konecranes for an undisclosed sum.
Initial public offering and further expansion.
The company was listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange on 28 June 2013, and in September 2014, the company was admitted to the MDAX of the Frankfurt stock exchange.
Also in September 2014, Voltas Material Handling was renamed Kion India. Since then, the company has been selling forklift trucks with electric drives, combustion engines and warehouse technology products under the Voltas and Baoli brands in India.
The Belgian company Egemin was acquired in 2015, followed by the US-based company Retrotech in 2016.
In June 2016, Kion Group acquired Dematic for €1.9 billion. In 2017, the Group headquarters with around 200 employees was relocated from Wiesbaden to a new development area at Frankfurt Airport. One year later, Kion opened the Kion Digital Campus in Frankfurt, where digital projects are developed and implemented.
In 2018, Kion Group expanded its presence in China and agreed a strategic partnership with EP Equipment Co. Ltd in the light-duty or "entry-level" warehouse equipment segmente. KION has acquired a minority stake in the Chinese truck manufacturer, which in the previous year, 2017, achieved record shipments of 50,000 units.
In July 2019, Kion Group and BMZ Holdings announced a 50/50 joint venture to manufacture lithium-ion batteries (80V, 48V) for the Kion Group's trucks at BMZ's manufacturing facility. In November, Kion India opened a production facility for diesel and electric forklift trucks as well as battery-powered pallet trucks and reach trucks on an area of around 25 hectares in Pune, India.
In March 2020, Kion acquired the UK-based company Digital Applications International Limited (DAI) for around €123 million.
Recent developments.
In July 2021, Kion opened an industrial truck plant in Kołbaskowo near Szczecin, Poland, where counterbalance trucks for all brands in the Kion Industrial Trucks &amp; Services segment are produced. In order to speed up delivery times, production of other product series, which had previously been manufactured exclusively in Xiamen, China, was also relocated to Kołbaskowo one year later.
In December 2021, Kion opened a counterbalance truck plant for the Kion companies Linde Material Handling and Baoli in Jinan, China on an area of around 223,000 square metres, which includes a research and development centre, a training centre and office space.
Corporate structure.
In the 2024 financial year, KION Group AG operated around 2,000 sales and service locations in over 100 countries, with an average workforce of 42,325 employees. The company reported consolidated revenue of €11.5 billion (2023: €11.4 billion), adjusted EBIT of €917 million (2023: €791 million), and an adjusted EBIT margin of 8.0% (2023: 6.9%). Free cash flow stood at €702 million (2023: €715 million).
The company operates manufacturing plants and research and development centers in Europe, North and South America, Asia, and Australia. It has 25 subsidiaries in Germany and 107 subsidiaries abroad.
In February 2025, KION Group announced an efficiency program targeting annual cost savings of approximately €140 million to €160 million, to be fully implemented by 2026. The program is expected to result in one-time expenses of approximately €240 million to €260 million in 2025.
Products and brands.
The Kion Group is a provider of industrial trucks and supply chain services. Its range of products and services includes industrial trucks such as forklift trucks and warehouse trucks, as well as integrated automation technologies.
The Kion Group markets its products under six brands: Dematic offers products for automated material flow for supply chain and automation processes. Linde and Still serve the market for industrial trucks in a higher price category, while Baoli focuses on the economy segment. Fenwick is the largest supplier of industrial trucks in France, OM Still is the market leader in Italy, while OM Voltas serves the Indian market as the leading supplier of industrial trucks.
Research &amp; development.
In August 2020, Kion entered into a strategic partnership with the Chinese manufacturer of autonomous mobile robots, Quicktron Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd, which, in addition to the global distribution of Quicktron products by Kion, provides for the joint development of automated vehicles.
In October 2021, Kion licensed an AI-equipped autonomous vehicle fleet for sorting and distribution, developed by Fraunhofer IML in Dortmund and has collaborated on its further development since.
In December 2023, Kion and Aschaffenburg Technical University presented the results of a research project in which scenarios for the use of autonomous counterbalance trucks equipped with electro-hydraulic steering were developed.
In January 2025, Kion partnered with NVIDIA and Accenture to integrate "Physical AI" into warehouse operations. This initiative involves using NVIDIA Omniverse to create digital twins of warehouses, allowing advanced simulations and real-time optimizations. The collaboration is expected to enhance warehouse automation, efficiency, and flexibility in supply chain operations.
Sustainability.
Since the beginning of 2023, the company has been developing and producing fuel cell systems for the company's own industrial trucks in the field of hydrogen drives. In the same year, Kion began production of a 24-volt fuel cell system for warehouse trucks and the construction of a state-funded hydrogen refuelling station with an electrolyser.
As part of the "Kion 2027 Strategy", Kion committed to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in July 2023. In line with the principles of the SBTi, the company is pursuing the net zero target of being emission-free by 2050 at the latest.
Kion Group, through its subsidiary Kion Battery Systems in Karlstein am Main, manufactures lithium-ion batteries for its electric industrial trucks (Linde MH, Fenwick, Still, Baoli) and automated warehouse operations. In September 2023, Kion partnered with Li-Cycle Holding Corp. to launch an eco-friendly lithium-ion battery recycling program in Magdeburg, aiming to reclaim up to 95% of the batteries' valuable minerals and materials. According to their own statement, Kion intends to recycle up to 5,000 tonnes of battery materials by 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="6912741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912741" title="Heather Oakes">
Heather Oakes

Heather Regina Oakes (née Hunte born 14 August 1959) is a female English former sprinter who competed mainly in the 100 metres. In the 4 × 100m relay, she won Olympic bronze medals in Moscow 1980 and Los Angeles 1984. She also won a silver medal in the 60m at the 1985 World Indoor Games, and a gold medal in the 100m at the 1986 Commonwealth Games.
Biography.
Oakes was born in Hackney, London. She was a member of the Haringey Athletic Club. In 1977, as Heather Hunte, she finished fourth in the 100 m final at the European Junior Championships in Donetsk, being edged out of a medal by teammate Kathy Smallwood (11.71 - 11.72). She won a bronze medal in the sprint relay.
Hunte became the British 100 metres champion after winning the British WAAA Championships title at the 1979 WAAA Championships.
On 21 May 1980, at a meeting at the Crystal Palace, she ran the 100 metres in a wind-assisted 11.01 secs (+4.0). Later that year she competed for Great Britain at the Olympic Games in Moscow, where she won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay, with her teammates Smallwood, Beverley Goddard and Sonia Lannaman. They ran a UK record of 42.43, which stood as the UK record until 2014. She also placed eighth in the 100 m final in 11.34 secs. In 1982, now competing as Heather Oakes, she finished seventh in the 100 metres final at the Commonwealth Games in 11.39. In 1983, at the World Championships in Helsinki, she reached the semi-finals of the 100 metres, running 11.50.
At the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, Oakes reunited with two of her Moscow teammates, Kathy Cook (Smallwood)) and Beverley Callender (Goddard) to win another bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay, they were joined by Simmone Jacobs. In the 100 m final, she finished seventh in 11.43. She had a fine indoor season in 1985, winning medals at both the World Indoor Games and the European Indoor Championships. At the World Indoors in January in Paris, she won a silver medal in 7.21 secs, just one-one hundredth of a second behind the winner Silke Gladisch. Then at the Europeans in March, she won the bronze medal behind Nelli Cooman and Marlies Gohr, but ahead of Gladisch. Oakes also regained the 100 metres title at the 1985 WAAA Championships.
Oakes became Commonwealth 100 m champion in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1986. She won in a lifetime best time of 11.20 secs. In an incredibly close race, she edged ahead of teammate Paula Dunn (11.21) and Canada's Angella Issajenko (also 11.21). Oakes later teamed up with Dunn, Kathy Cook and Joan Baptiste, to win the gold medal in the sprint relay. Oakes anchored the England quartet to victory in 43.39. Later in 1986, she reached the semi-finals of both the 100 and 200 metres at the European Championships in Stuttgart. In the 200 m, an event that she rarely contested. she ran a lifetime best of 22.92 secs.
During her career, Oakes won four WAAAs National titles and five UK National titles. As of 2022, her legal 100 m best (11.20) ranks her 18th on the UK all-time list, her 200 m best (22.92) ranks her 30th, while her 60 m best (7.21) ranks her 12th.
While Oakes competed at the highest level for her country, she also held down a full-time job. This is in contrast to today's athletes, who through lottery funding and sponsorship are able to train and compete without distraction. She is married to fellow Olympic bronze medallist Gary Oakes.

</doc>
<doc id="6912744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912744" title="Krautmaart">
Krautmaart

The Krautmaart (Luxembourgish) or rue du Marché aux Herbes (French), is an irregularly-shaped street in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. The street, whose name translates into English as Herb Market street, is situated in Ville Haute, the historic heart of the city. It lies to the east of Place Guillaume II, across the "rue du Fossé".
Due to the presence of the seat of Luxembourg's Chamber of Deputies on the street, 'Krautmaart' is used as a metonym for the Luxembourgish legislature. Despite this, it is the adjoining Grand Ducal Palace that dominates Krautmaart.

</doc>
<doc id="6912745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912745" title="Adancata">
Adancata



</doc>
<doc id="6912746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912746" title="Grevillea wickhamii">
Grevillea wickhamii

Grevillea wickhamii, commonly known as Wickham's grevillea, holly-leaf grevillea or lgarrmari in Djaru, is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to northern Australia. It is an erect shrub or spindly tree with holly-like, broadly egg-shaped leaves with 2 to 7 shallow teeth, and down-curved clusters of flowers, the colour depending on subspecies.
Description.
"Grevillea wickhamii" is an erect shrub or spindly tree, that typically grows to a height of and has smooth bark. Its leaves are holly-like, broadly egg-shaped in outline, long and wide, with 2 to 7 shallow, pointed teeth near the tip of the leaves. The flowers are arranged in leaf axils or on the stems in down-curved, sometimes branched clusters, the end groups on a rachis mostly long, each flower on a pedicel usually long. Flower colour and flowering period vary with subspecies, and the pistil is long. The fruit is an oblong, glabrous follicle long.
Taxonomy.
"Grevillea wickhamii" was described in 1856 by Carl Meissner in de Candolle's "Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis" from specimens collected by John Clements Wickham in northern Australia during the Second voyage of HMS Beagle. The specific epithet ("wickhamii") honours the collector of the type specimens.
The names of 6 subspecies of "G. wickhamii" are accepted by the Australian Plant Census:
Distribution and habitat.
Wickham's grevillea is widespread in northern Western Australia, in inland regions of the Northern Territory and in western Queensland. 
Conservation status.
All 6 subspecies of "G. wickhamii" are listed as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="6912747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912747" title="Human cytome project">
Human cytome project



</doc>
<doc id="6912748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912748" title="Fijian Hindustani">
Fijian Hindustani



</doc>
<doc id="6912751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912751" title="Marc Weber (ice hockey)">
Marc Weber (ice hockey)

Marc Weber (born 5 July 1973) is a Swiss former professional ice hockey centre. He played in the Swiss Nationalliga A for EHC Biel, SC Rapperswil-Jona Lakers and SC Bern.

</doc>
<doc id="6912752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912752" title="Yenya">
Yenya



</doc>
<doc id="6912753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912753" title="Mice in fiction">
Mice in fiction



</doc>
<doc id="6912755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912755" title="The Gardens at Marina Bay">
The Gardens at Marina Bay



</doc>
<doc id="6912756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912756" title="The Singapore Flyer">
The Singapore Flyer



</doc>
<doc id="6912762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912762" title="Nitshe">
Nitshe



</doc>
<doc id="6912764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912764" title="CrazyShow Excerpts">
CrazyShow Excerpts



</doc>
<doc id="6912768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912768" title="Sonia Lannaman">
Sonia Lannaman

Sonia May Lannaman (born 24 March 1956) is a British former athlete, who competed mainly in the 100 metres. She won the Commonwealth Games 100 metres title in Edmonton 1978 and won an Olympic bronze medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1980 Moscow Games. In the 1977 Track and Field News world merit rankings, she was ranked number two in the world at both 100 metres (to Marlies Gohr) and 200 metres (to Irena Szewinska).
Biography.
Lannaman, born in Aston, Birmingham, finished second behind Della Pascoe in the 100 metres event at the 1972 WAAA Championships. The following month she competed in her first Olympics in 1972 (held in Munich), where she set a British junior record of 11.45 sec.
In 1973 she became European junior champion winning gold in the 100 metres, followed by a bronze in the 4 x 100 metres relay. She represented England at the 1974 Commonwealth Games in Christchurch, New Zealand, and won a silver medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay.
In 1976, Lannaman won a silver medal over 60 metres at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Munich. In the summer of that year she made a major breakthrough into world-class sprinting. She ran the 100 metres in a hand-timed, wind assisted (+3.6) 10.8 sec. She also set a British record in the 200 metres. She was strongly tipped for medals in both sprints at the 1976 Montreal Olympics, but due to injury was unable to compete.
In 1977, Lannaman was ranked second only to world record holder Marlies Göhr in the 100 metres. In the European Cup of that year she was second in both the 100 and 200 m and in the inaugural World Cup, second again in the 100 m and first in the 4 × 100 m representing Europe. She also ran the fastest ever electronically timed 100 metres by a British woman with 10.93 sec in Dublin, which was wind assisted (+3.8), so did not stand for record purposes. Additionally she became both the British 100 metres champion and British 200 metres champion, after winning the British WAAA Championships titles at the 1977 WAAA Championships.
In 1978, Lannaman won the 100 m gold medal and 200 m silver medal in the 1978 Commonwealth Games for England and for Great Britain in the 1978 European Championships won a silver in the 4 × 100 m relay with teammates Kathy Smallwood-Cook, Beverley Goddard and Sharon Colyear. 
In 1980, she ran her fastest official time in the 100 m of 11.20 sec in July, having set another British record in the 200 m of 22.58 sec in May. She competed again for Great Britain in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Russia in the 4 × 100 m relay, where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Heather Hunte, Kathy Smallwood-Cook and Beverley Goddard. She also reached the 200 m final, finishing eighth.
In 1982, Lannaman competed in her third Commonwealth Games, winning a gold in the 4 × 100 m relay.
She currently lives in the village of Chorley in Lichfield District, Staffordshire. She is married to Michael Garmston, former British athletics team physiotherapist. They have one son, Bradley Garmston, a professional footballer for Grimsby Town.

</doc>
<doc id="6912773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912773" title="Simmone Jacobs">
Simmone Jacobs

Kim Simmone Geraldine Jacobs (born 5 September 1966) is a female retired British athlete who competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres. She represented Great Britain at four Olympic Games (1984–96), winning a bronze medal as a 17-year-old at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics in the 4 x 100 metres relay. She also won a relay bronze medal at the 1990 European Championships and relay medals at three Commonwealth Games.
Biography.
Jacobs was born in Reading, Berkshire, and was a member of the Reading Athletic Club and later Shaftesbury Barnet Harriers. Her career best times are 11.31 secs for 100 metres (1988) and 22.95 for the 200 metres (1996). She won the AAA Championships 200 metres title in 1986, 1988 and 1996, and the UK Championship 200 metres title in 1997. A talented junior, she won three medals at the 1983 European Junior Championships and won an Olympic bronze medal aged 17, along with Heather Oakes, Kathy Cook and Bev Callender, with Jacobs replacing an injured Shirley Thomas in the British sprint relay squad at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.
She also won sprint relay bronze at the 1990 European Championships; relay silver at the 1990 Commonwealth Games, and relay bronzes at the 1994 and 1998 Commonwealth Games. Her other individual results include finishing fourth in the 200 metres final at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh (just 0.02 from a medal), and seventh in the 100 metres final at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="6912776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912776" title="Rochester Independent School District">
Rochester Independent School District

Rochester Independent School District was a public school district based in Rochester, Texas (United States). It existed from the early 1900s to 2005. From 2002 to 2005, the district was known as the Rochester County Line Independent School District.
The district consisted of a single campus - Rochester School - that served students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve. It was located in northwestern Haskell County and included a small portion of extreme northeastern Stonewall County.
After voters approved a consolidation, the district was merged into the Haskell Consolidated Independent School District, which took on $1 million in debt from the Rochester district.
District enrollment.
The ethnic composition of students in the 2004-2005 school year was 20 White (50%), 18 Hispanic (45%), and 2 African American (5%). Of the 40 students, 33 (82.5%) were considered economically disadvantaged.
Student performance.
Rochester ISD's performance on the Texas Assessment of Academic Skills (TAAS), a state standardized test used from 1991 to 2003, was generally above state standards. The district received the highest rating of "exemplary" on four occasions (1997–98, 1998–99, 1999-00, and 2000–01) and the second highest rating of "recognized" four times (1995–96, 1996–97, 2001–02, and 2002–03).
A new standardized test, the Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skills (TAKS) was introduced in 2003. Rochester received a rating of "academically acceptable" for the 2003–04 and 2004-05 school years.
Consolidation.
The district merged with the larger Haskell Consolidated Independent School District in 2005. The Rochester campus became Rochester Junior High, serving the district's seventh and eighth graders.

</doc>
<doc id="6912777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912777" title="Rochester County Line Independent School District">
Rochester County Line Independent School District



</doc>
<doc id="6912778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912778" title="Rochester County Line ISD">
Rochester County Line ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6912779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912779" title="Rochester ISD">
Rochester ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6912785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912785" title="Hearld Magazine">
Hearld Magazine



</doc>
<doc id="6912787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912787" title="List of state leaders in 410">
List of state leaders in 410



</doc>
<doc id="6912791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912791" title="List of state leaders in 411">
List of state leaders in 411



</doc>
<doc id="6912792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912792" title="Niederglatt ZH">
Niederglatt ZH



</doc>
<doc id="6912793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912793" title="List of state leaders in 412">
List of state leaders in 412



</doc>
<doc id="6912797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912797" title="List of state leaders in 413">
List of state leaders in 413



</doc>
<doc id="6912798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912798" title="See of Worms">
See of Worms



</doc>
<doc id="6912800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912800" title="Curry mile">
Curry mile



</doc>
<doc id="6912802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912802" title="List of state leaders in 414">
List of state leaders in 414



</doc>
<doc id="6912803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912803" title="Wickham's Grevillea">
Wickham's Grevillea



</doc>
<doc id="6912805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912805" title="List of state leaders in 415">
List of state leaders in 415



</doc>
<doc id="6912807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912807" title="National Research University of Electronic Technology">
National Research University of Electronic Technology

National Research University of Electronic Technology (, lit. National Research University "Moscow Institute of Electronic Technology") is a Russian technical university in the field of microelectronics, information and computer technologies and one of 29 National Research Universities. University was founded in 1965 and is based in Zelenograd, Moscow (the Soviet Union's center for electronic and microelectronic design and engineering).
Architecture.
The University complex was designed by the architects Felix Novikov and Grigory Saevich and built in 1967-1971. The main administrative building (#1) with library and five lecture halls, the assembly hall (#2) with dining hall, two academic buildings (#3 and #4), and sports complex (#5) of multipurpose arena and swimming pool were built of red bricks and connected by passages in united complex. The decoration of the exterior walls of the library is the white bas-relief (970 m²) "The Becoming of a Homo sapiens" (, "Stanovlenie cheloveka razumnogo") completed in 1974 by the sculptor Ernst Neizvestny. The main facades of the main administrative building and the assembly hall are turned to Shokin's Square (), named after Alexander Shokin (1909-1988), the USSR Minister of Electronic Industry, one of founders of Zelenograd and MIET. 
Memorials.
Shokin's bust installed in the park near to Shokin's Square, and Skokin's and Presnukhin's (the first rector) memorial plates on the main building facade.
Memorials.
Shokin's bust is placed in the park between Shokin's Square and sports complex, and Skokin's and Presnukhin's (the first rector) memorial plates are placed on the main administrative building facade.
Notes.
The university can be also referred to as "Moscow Institute of Electronic Engineering" in the English language sources, which was its English official name in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="6912808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912808" title="List of state leaders in 416">
List of state leaders in 416



</doc>
<doc id="6912809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912809" title="Jalan Duta – Segambut Highway">
Jalan Duta – Segambut Highway



</doc>
<doc id="6912810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912810" title="Djuro Salaj">
Djuro Salaj



</doc>
<doc id="6912811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912811" title="NCHS">
NCHS

NCHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6912815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912815" title="Dielsdorf ZH">
Dielsdorf ZH



</doc>
<doc id="6912816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912816" title="List of state leaders in 417">
List of state leaders in 417



</doc>
<doc id="6912820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912820" title="List of state leaders in 418">
List of state leaders in 418



</doc>
<doc id="6912823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912823" title="Encyclopeida">
Encyclopeida



</doc>
<doc id="6912824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912824" title="List of state leaders in 419">
List of state leaders in 419



</doc>
<doc id="6912825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912825" title="Saratov, Russia">
Saratov, Russia



</doc>
<doc id="6912829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912829" title="List of state leaders in 420">
List of state leaders in 420



</doc>
<doc id="6912830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912830" title="Girgarre, Victoria">
Girgarre, Victoria

Girgarre ( ) is a town in the Goulburn Valley, Victoria, Australia. It is in the Shire of Campaspe local government area. At the , Girgarre had a population of 563.
Birthplace of Big Tanka
History.
The Post Office opened on 21 May 1917 as Stanhope North, and was renamed Girgarre in 1920.
A railway branch line from Rushworth opened in 1917. The line was closed back to Stanhope in 1975, and the branch was closed completely in 1987. There is now a short rail trail from Girgarre towards Stanhope, and a facsimile station and rail track at Girgarre.
Girgarre Kindergarten was established in 1964. It has operated out of several locations within the town. Currently the kindergarten operates out of the old Primary School Principal's home. The Kindergarten is celebrating its 50-year anniversary in 2014 with several events planned throughout the year.
The Girgarre Community Centre was established in 1984 and is operated by the Girgarre Community Group Inc. A not for profit organisation that operates largely through the significant contribution of volunteers.
Today.
The main industry in Girgarre is dairying, mainly on family owned farms.
Girgarre has a primary school, kindergarten, milk bar/post office, and a V/Line bus stop. It is 18.9 km and 17 minutes drive from the larger town of Kyabram, and 38.6 km and 33 minutes drive to Shepparton.
Until early 2012, Girgarre was home to a large Heinz tomato sauce factory, a significant regional employer. Waste water from the factory was made available for farmers for irrigation and stock use.
On 27 May 2011 Heinz announced it would close the Girgarre sauce factory. Heinz also announced job losses for its factories in Northgate (Brisbane), and Wagga Wagga. Heinz said it expected to complete the lay-offs within 12 months. 
On 6 January 2012, Heinz closed its Girgarre factory as announced in 2011. 146 workers lost their jobs. It was the second to last tomato sauce factory in Australia, and Heinz's last. The plant equipment was moved to a factory in New Zealand.
A local group sought to purchase the factory and start its own production, with offers of financial assistance from investors. Heinz rejected the offer.
In 2013 Resource Recovery purchased the facility and it became a recycling operation. It received packaged food and beverages, the packaging was recycled. The food and beverages converted into stockfeed. In August 2018 a proposal for an upgrade to an organic waste-to-energy plant for the site went before Campaspe Shire Council.
There are a few local sports clubs and programs, including for football, cricket, tennis and netball . Girgarre Football Club (the "Kangaroos") is the local football team. Sunbury ring-in Joshua Marino professes to be the best footballer the town has seen in recent history.
One of the most popular additions to the town has been a local farmers market, held on the second Sunday of every month in the park at the rear of the Town Hall. Hundreds of people come from near and far to shop at the market which features an excellent range of local produce, crafts and a well attended popular live poultry auction.
The town has a Community Cottage which provides training opportunities and produces the local newspaper, the "Girgarre Gazette". The "Gazette" is produced monthly with features including local news, along with news from the wider district and the state. The Community Cottage also operates the Community Car, driven by volunteers, which ensures people within the district are able to attend appointments - both locally and in Bendigo and Melbourne. The community has a very strong sense of self and has a strong volunteer base.
Moosic Muster.
The town is known for its free yearly 'Girgarre Moosic Muster', catering to all tastes in music. First run in 2007 as a 2 day event, in 2019 it was extended to 4 days. Held in mid-January, the 2019 Muster featured:
Tutors lead the workshops in a wide variety of instruments, singing, songwriting and associated skills. The only charge was for camping, but the fee included three meals and use of amenities over the entire muster period. There is also a children's program.
In 2020 the Muster was held over 5 days on 8−12 January. The 15th Muster, originally set for 6−10 January 2021, was postponed until 21−25 April.

</doc>
<doc id="6912831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912831" title="List of state leaders in 421">
List of state leaders in 421



</doc>
<doc id="6912832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912832" title="Little America (video)">
Little America (video)



</doc>
<doc id="6912837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912837" title="List of state leaders in 422">
List of state leaders in 422



</doc>
<doc id="6912838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912838" title="Relativity drive">
Relativity drive



</doc>
<doc id="6912842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912842" title="List of state leaders in 423">
List of state leaders in 423



</doc>
<doc id="6912844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912844" title="Émile Krieps">
Émile Krieps

Émile Krieps (4 January 1920 – 30 September 1998) was a Luxembourgish resistance leader, soldier, and politician. A member of the Democratic Party, Krieps served in cabinets under Pierre Werner and Gaston Thorn.
For his services in the Second World War, Krieps was awarded honours from several countries. These honours included the Luxembourg War Cross, both the French and the Belgian War Cross, and the British King's Medal for Courage in the Cause of Freedom.
Pre-war.
He was born in Differdange in 1920. After attending teacher training college, he was appointed as an elementary school teacher in the north of the country, in Derenbach near Wiltz. Later he attended several military academies, in Britain and at Fort Leavenworth in the United States.
Resistance.
During World War II, Nazi Germany invaded and annexed Luxembourg on 10 May 1940. Together with Josy Goerres, Krieps founded the Resistance organisation "Service d'Action et de Renseignement des Patriotes Indépendants" (SAR-PI-MEN). Their objective was to help Luxembourgers and POWs over the French border.
On 19 November 1941, he was arrested by the Gestapo and was brought to Hinzert concentration camp. However, on 20 May 1942, he was released for medical reasons, and he immediately started working with the PI-MEN in Differdange again, which was a stronghold of the Resistance. By this point he had lost his job as a schoolteacher. He soon fled to southern France, where he worked for a Resistance organisation by the name of "Famille Martin," as well as for the "Service Zéro". In November 1942, he fled to Spain via the Pyrenees. There he was arrested and interned in the camp of Miranda de Ebro until 31 March 1943, as one of 12 Luxembourgers.
Finally, he manage to arrive in Britain (via Portugal) on 29 June 1943, where he joined the Belgian army, and received training as a parachutist and at the British Military Intelligence School. In London he also had the opportunity to participate in one of the Luxembourgish government-in-exile's cabinet sessions, in order to deliver a detailed report on occupied Luxembourg. He also suggested immediate aid for the Luxembourgers who were still interned in Spain.
In May 1944 he was appointed a sergeant in the Luxembourgish army. On 4 July 1944 he was parachuted into occupied Belgium, in the south of the country.
Officer.
He participated in the liberation of Luxembourg, and then joined the Luxembourgish army as a lieutenant.
In 1946, the Resistance member Norbert Gomand was taken to court by the government for libel, as in his newspaper "L'Indépendant" he had accused the government-in-exile of treason and gross negligence for failing to do more to help Luxembourgers under occupation. In the ensuing trial, the "Gomand trial", Krieps was one of the witnesses supporting Gomand. Perhaps the most prominent of a total of 114 witnesses, he did not hold back in his criticism of the government, thereby earning the wrath of the ministers.
Later in the same year, in connection with the Gomand trial, Krieps was implicated in the event known as the "Putsch of the officers", an alleged coup d'état. On 2 August 1946, at 5.00 in the morning, Émile Krieps, Lieutenant Robert Winter, Major Rudy Ensch and Lieutenant Jean Juttel, all army officers and members of the Resistance, were arrested by the "Sûreté". They were accused of having planned a coup d'état against the National Union Government under Pierre Dupong. After one day, they were released again by the investigating judge. Another Resistance member who was arrested, Albert Wingert, was not released immediately but kept for 9 days in solitary confinement.
It would later emerge that there was no plan for a coup, and that the foreign minister Joseph Bech was the driving force behind the arrests, using an alleged coup as an excuse.
At any rate, the case against Krieps and the others was closed on 30 October 1946.
In 1967 Krieps became a Lieutenant-Colonel in the Luxembourgish Army. When obligatory military service was abolished, he left the army on 31 December 1967 to go into politics, joining the Democratic Party on 1 January 1968.
Politician.
In the Democratic Party, he became a member of the executive committee and the secretary and president of the "Centre" constituency.
On 18 March 1969 he was voted into the Chamber of Deputies, to succeed Camille Polfer, who had been appointed commissioner for sports. Additionally, from 1 January 1970 to 7 July 1971 he was a city councillor of Luxembourg City.
On 9 July 1971 he joined the second Werner-Schaus government as secretary of state in the Ministry for the Interior, with responsibility for nature conservation and construction planning in the communes and cities. On 15 June 1974 he became Minister for Health, the Environment, Public Administration and the Army in the Thorn government. He also became Sports Minister on 16 September 1977.
From 16 July 1979 to 20 July 1984 he was Minister for Health, Sports, and the Army in the Werner-Thorn government.
As Minister for Health, he left a long-lasting legacy, including the law creating the "Centre Hospitalier" and a health system that stuck a balance between state and private healthcare; the enlargement of the thermal spa in Mondorf; the modernisation of the "Maison de Santé" in Vianden, the law on the new pavilion in Ettelbrück and the hospital "Princesse Marie-Astrid" (HPMA) in Differdange. He also introduced reforms in geriatrics, preventative medicine, and medical care for pregnant women and young children, introducing the "examen prénuptial", a medical examination prior to marriage.
After the elections of 1984, the Democratic Party left the government, and he sat as an opposition Deputy for the "Centre" constituency" "until 1994, when he retired from active politics.
Krieps was also the co-founder of the "Association des Luxembourgeois" in the United Kingdom. For many years, and until his death, he was president of the "Association des Anciens Combattants de la Guerre 1940-1945 et des Forces des Nations Unies" and the vice-president of the "Fédération Mondiale des Anciens Combattants".
Up until his death, he was also working on the preparations for the 80th anniversary of the Armistice of 1918.
He was also connected to table tennis, and in his youth he played for the Cercle Ping-Pong Differdange. From 1964 to 1972 he was the president of the "Fédération luxembourgeoise de tennis de table". He was also for a long time the honorary president of the "Cercle Para Luxembourg", the parachuting club.
On the afternoon of 30 September 1998, he died after an operation in the Clinique Ste-Elisabeth in Luxembourg City, at the age of 78.
Family.
During the war, Krieps met his future wife Ursula Janet Brennan in Britain. They married on 6 March 1944 in London. They had three children, two sons and one daughter. His son Alexandre Krieps was also active in the Democratic Party and was likewise a member of the Chamber of Deputies for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="6912845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912845" title="Velimir Skorpik">
Velimir Skorpik



</doc>
<doc id="6912846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912846" title="List of state leaders in 424">
List of state leaders in 424



</doc>
<doc id="6912847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912847" title="Charlie Ferguson (1880s pitcher)">
Charlie Ferguson (1880s pitcher)

Charles J. Ferguson (April 17, 1863 – April 29, 1888) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played his entire four-year career for the Philadelphia Quakers (who were later renamed the Phillies). When not pitching, he increasingly played in the outfield and – in his final season – at second base.
Career.
Born in Charlottesville, Virginia, he played baseball for the University of Virginia in 1882, although he was never a student there. He also played for the Virginia representative in the Eastern League, with his team winning the championship. Ferguson made his major league debut with the Quakers in . Philadelphia finished 6th in the National League that season, and Ferguson had a win/loss record of 21-25. That was the only season in which he produced a losing record, and he had his highest earned run average with 3.54.
The next season, his record improved to 26-20, and his ERA dropped to 2.22, while Philadelphia improved in the standings, finishing third in . On August 29, he pitched a no-hitter against the Providence Grays, a 1-0 victory.
He continued his dominance in the season, winning 30 games and again lowering his ERA, this time to 1.98, good for second in the NL behind Henry Boyle of the St. Louis Maroons. In , he won 22 games and had a 3.00 ERA. That same season, he played 27 games at second base, and had 264 at bats. Along with his 22 victories, he led the team in runs batted in with 85, and his .337 batting average would have led his team as well had his total plate appearances been enough to qualify for the batting title.
Death.
Before the baseball season, he contracted typhoid fever and subsequently died in Philadelphia. He is interred in Maplewood Cemetery in his hometown of Charlottesville. For the 1888 season, the Quakers, Washington Nationals, New York Giants and Boston Beaneaters wore a black crepe on their left sleeves to commemorate Ferguson. In 1931, Wilbert Robinson rated Ferguson as the fifth-best player to that point in baseball history.

</doc>
<doc id="6912848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912848" title="List of state leaders in 425">
List of state leaders in 425



</doc>
<doc id="6912851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912851" title="World Trade Center Tower 1">
World Trade Center Tower 1



</doc>
<doc id="6912856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912856" title="Johann von Dalberg">
Johann von Dalberg

Johann von Dalberg (1445–1503) was the Prince-Bishop of Worms from 1482 to 1503.
Biography.
Johann von Dalberg was born in 1445, the son of Wolfgang von Dalberg. He studied at Erfurt and in Italy, where he took his degree of "doctor utriusque juris" at the University of Ferrara and devoted himself more especially to the study of Greek.
Returning to Germany, he became privy councillor to Philip, Elector Palatine, whom he assisted in bringing the University of Heidelberg to the height of its fame. He was instrumental in founding the first chair of Greek, which was filled by his friend Rudolphus Agricola, and he also established the university library and a college for students of civil law. He was an ardent humanist, was president of the "Sodalitas Celtica" founded by the poet Konrad Celtes, and corresponded with many of the leading scholars of his day, to whom he showed himself a veritable Maecenas. He was employed also on various diplomatic missions by the emperor and the elector.
He became Prince-Bishop of Worms in 1482 and died on 28 July 1503.
Dalberg's students include Conrad Celtis.

</doc>
<doc id="6912859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912859" title="James O'Halloran (politician)">
James O'Halloran (politician)

James O'Halloran, (c.1820 – June 1, 1913) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure. He was born about 1820 (some sources say 1821) near Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland and came to Canada with his family in 1828. He studied at the University of Vermont and served in the U.S. Army during the war with Mexico. He returned to Lower Canada in 1849, was admitted to the bar in 1852 and set up practice in Cowansville. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Missisquoi as a member of the parti rouge; he was reelected in 1863. He opposed Confederation. O'Halloran was named Queen's Counsel on February 12, 1864.
He helped establish the South Eastern Railway and served as its first president; it was later bought by the Canadian Pacific Railway. O'Halloran then became the lawyer for the Canadian Pacific Railway in Quebec. He served as first mayor of Cowansville in 1876, from 1882 to 1883 and from 1886 to 1891. He died on June 1, 1913, and was buried in the (formerly Methodist) United Church cemetery two days later.
The Confederation Debates.
As a member of the Legislative Assembly representing the riding of Missisquoi in the Provincial Parliament of Canada James O'Halloran delivered this speech on March 8, 1865, during the debate on the proposed confederation of the British provinces in North America. The text is taken from the Parliamentary Debates on the Subject of the Confederation of the British North American Provinces, 3rd series, 8th Parliament (Hunter, Rose, &amp; Co., Quebec, 1865), pp. 792–799.
MR. O’HALLORAN—Before proceeding, Mr. Speaker, to offer a few observations on the resolutions in your hands, I may say that if I had any hesitation in pronouncing on the merits of this scheme, I might have taken a preliminary exception to the jurisdiction of this House to pass this measure. You, sir, and I were sent here to make laws, not legislatures. (HEAR, HEAR) We were sent here to work out the Constitution of this country — not to undermine and destroy it. Therefore, if it were my wish to shirk this question, which it is not, I could justify myself by saying it was no part of my mandate, or the compact between me and those who sent me here. When we assume the power to deal with this question, to change the whole system of Government, to effect a revolution, peaceful though it be, without reference to the will of the people of this country, we arrogate to ourselves a right never conferred upon us, and our act is a usurpation. But I rise not for the purpose of discussing this scheme in detail, as it has already been discussed fully — and I cannot possibly say much which may not already in substance have been said, and much better said than I could expect to say it — but I rise to record my protest against the usurpation which this House, in my humble opinion, is guilty of in undertaking to pass this measure, or, so far as in its power lies, to impose upon the people of this country a Constitution contrary to their wishes — a Constitution which they will never have an opportunity of seeing, until they are called upon to submit to it and obey it. I rise to protest also against this parliamentary gag by which the attempt is made to suppress free discussion in this House, and to compel it to adopt against its will, or against its reason and judgement, a measure with which, perhaps, a very large number of honourable members of this House have no real sympathy. It is no answer to me to say that I may express my views freely — that I may discuss this question. It is no answer to say that I have the privilege of pointing out the defects of this measure, if I am denied the privilege of obtaining the sense of this House, and of putting on record what I may consider its objectionable features — if I am denied the right of submitting to the House substantive motions and resolutions, which might perhaps meet the sense of the majority of this House and which at all events would afford to the people of this country the opportunity of knowing the views of the honourable members of this House upon possible amendments which might be proposed to this measure. At an early period of this session, I gave notice of substantial resolutions which, however little they might have met the sense of the majority of this House, express the views of a large majority of my constituents. It would interest them to see how far those views met the approbation of the representatives of the people here; it would interest them to know how far honourable gentlemen from Upper Canada are prepared to go to insure to the English speaking minority of Lower Canada those rights and liberties which they claim for themselves; it would afford us some criterion by which we might measure the degree of protection we should find in the Federal Parliament, from possible oppression in our Local Parliament. For if honourable gentlemen from Upper Canada, on the floor of this House, will not hear us today, if they manifest an indifference to the injustice about to be inflicted upon the English speaking inhabitants of Lower Canada by the proposed Constitution, what guarantee have we that similar selfishness may not mark their conduct after we shall be powerless to rebuke it? I will read those resolutions which I had deigned to propose, for the purpose of obtaining the opinion of the House on a modification of this measure, which, if it must be adopted, might possibly have been so amended as to remove many serious objections now entertained to it by a large portion of the people of Lower Canada. They are in these words:
Resolved, That assuming the Federal system of government to be a political necessity in a union of the British North American provinces, any Confederation of those provinces which ignores the differences of race, language and religion of the inhabitants of the respective states or territories sought to be thus united, and is not framed with a view to secure to the inhabitants of each such state or territory the management of their own local affairs, in accordance with their own peculiar views and sentiments, is unwise and inexpedient, and not conducive to good government, or to peace and tranquility of those for whom it is framed.
This resolution I put forth simply for the sake of showing the idea which I had in my mind, without, I am free to confess, any expectation that the particular modification which I was about to propose would meet the sense of the majority of this House, but as giving an indication of the direction in which the English speaking inhabitants of Lower Canada would consider their interests might be best preserved. The second resolution I designed to propose is as follows:
Resolved, That with a view to secure to that portion of the inhabitants of Lower Canada speaking the English language, the free exercise and enjoyment of their own ideas, institutions and rights, in any proposed Confederation of the provinces, Canada should be divided into three civil divisions, to wit: Western, Central, and Eastern Canada.
Why is it that objection is made to a legislative union? The reason why so large a portion of the people of Lower Canada of French origin will not consent to a legislative union, is the very reason that makes it desirable to the English speaking population of Lower Canada. We are in favour of a legislative union. We desire that Canada should be a united people, ignoring sectionalism, and basing our institutions upon one broad principle of Canadian nationality, which shall blend all races, and in time obliterate all accidental distinctions of language, religion, or origin. Our French Canadian fellow-subjects will not consent to this. If they will not hear our arguments, let them listen to their own. If Federalism is necessary for the protection of their rights, it is necessary in a tenfold degree for the protection of the rights of the English-speaking minority. They tell us we may rely upon their well-known liberality and toleration. It would be unworthy of us to submit to such humiliation. In these remarks which are forced from me, and which I am compelled to make in defence of the rights and liberties of those who sent me here, I mean no disrespect to those of another origin — to the French-Canadian honourable gentlemen whom I see around me. (HEAR, HEAR) In many respects I sympathize with them, and have always sympathized with them. I desire to live among my French-Canadian fellow-subjects in peace. I desire to maintain those amicable relations which have always subsisted between the English-speaking and the French-Canadian populations of Lower Canada. As I said before, I sympathize with my French-Canadian fellow-subjects in many respects. I respect their character, I admire their laws. But this antagonism is not courted by me. It is forced upon me. Let me call the attention of honourable gentlemen, more especially of those from Upper Canada, to the position in which this proposed Constitution now before the House would place the English-speaking people of Lower Canada. I may say at the outset, that although they number only one-fourth of the population, they possess at least one-third of the property, and pay one-half of the taxes. The French-Canadian differs very materially in many respects from the Englishmen, or the Anglo-Saxon. He is more simple in his habits, more frugal in his mode of life, and less disposed to novelty. He is content to ride in a carriage of the same fashion as that of his grandfather. He is wedded to his institutions, his old customs, and old laws. It is different with the English-speaking people. They are, as a people, more extravagant, more eager for novelty, and in many other respects widely different from the French-Canadians in their tastes and habits. Of course a comparison would be invidious, and I do not desire to institute one. But I am not at liberty to ignore the facts. Let us see how, under this proposed Constitution, the English-speaking people would be placed in reference to their peculiar interests and their peculiar ideas. In the first place, I would desire to direct your attention to the 14th resolution, by which it is provided how, especially after the local governments are established, the Legislative Council of the General Government is to be constituted — by its members being appointed by the Federal Government on the nomination of the respective local governments. We must bear in mind that in this Local Legislature which will be imposed on Lower Canada, the English element will not certainly be more than one-fifth in number. Under these circumstances, and under the peculiar provisions with reference to the powers granted to the local governments, by which the legislative councillors are to be appointed by the General Government on the recommendation of the local governments, and in the case of Lower Canada, when its Local Government will be four-fifths French-Canadian and only one-fifth of English origin, think you how many English members from Lower Canada would ever find their way to the Legislative Council? How would it be possible, when the Legislative Council is to be appointed on the recommendation of the Local Government, and that Local Government four-fifths French-Canadian, for the English element to obtain fair representation in the Legislative Council? When, I say, would an English-speaking inhabitant of Lower Canada ever receive such a recommendation, unless he approved himself more French than English? (HEAR, HEAR) Again, by the 23rd resolution, it is provided that "the Legislature of each province shall divide such province into the proper number of constituencies, and define the boundaries of each of them." How easy would it be, under the provisions of that clause, for the Local Legislature to snuff out one-half of the English constituencies in Lower Canada. They might arrange their bounds in such a manner that the English-speaking element would be confined within very narrow limits. There would be a few constituencies left entirely English, but the English population would thus be deprived of the influence which their numbers and wealth should give them in the Local Legislature (HEAR, HEAR) Again, the Local Legislature will have power to alter or amend their Constitution from time to time. We today may frame a Constitution — the English-speaking majority in this House may frame a Constitution which would give proper protection to the English-speaking population of Lower Canada. But, by this scheme it will be in the power the local legislatures to change that, and to modify it, so as to suit it to the wishes or prejudices of the French majority. We would be powerless, after we leave these halls, any longer to conserve our rights, and the privileges which this Parliament might give us may be taken away at the very first session of the Local Legislature. Then look at the powers which, under this Constitution, are conferred upon Local Government. The first I find is the power of direct taxation. In case of all governments, the power of taxation is the most important power they can possess. It is that which concerns all portions and all classes of the community, and which gives rise to the greatest controversy, and the greatest amount of difficulty. It is the most important of all legislative powers, and this power is to be conferred on the Local Legislature of a province, where one nationality has four-fifths of the numbers, and the other nationality contributes one-half of the taxes. Then the Local Legislature is to have the control of immigration — a very important subject, which deeply interests the English-speaking population of Lower Canada — but they would have no voice in framing the measures which might be adopted for directing and controlling that important matter. Then the Local Legislature is to have the control of education. And what subject can there be of greater importance? And what subject is there which might be a source of greater strife between two nationalities, which by this provision would be brought into antagonism? Even under our present system, with sixty-five Upper Canadian English-speaking members, who would naturally be expected to sympathise with the English-speaking people of Lower Canada, it is a crying grievance with the latter that they cannot get legislation on the subject of education as they desire. What, then, would they have to expect if they went into a Legislature where four-fifths of the representatives were of a different nationality and a different religion, and whose prejudices and interests were in opposition to the claims of the one-fifth minority? (HEAR, HEAR) Then the Local Legislature is to have control of "the establishment, maintenance and management of hospitals, asylums, charities, and eleemosynary institutions." Now it is a positive fact, as I have stated before, that the English-speaking population of Lower Canada, on account of their wealth and expensive mode of living, their extravagant habits, their desire for change and progress, their different ideas generally from the French-Canadians, consume more than one-half of the dutiable goods that are brought into this country, and pay one-half of the taxes; and yet the money which they would pay into the public chest would be distributed by a majority over whom they had no control — a majority who would not in any manner sympathise with them; and their taxes would be applied to objects which they might not deem desirable — which they might, perhaps, consider detrimental to their interests. And they would be completely without remedy, should this proposed Constitution unfortunately be imposed upon them. (HEAR, HEAR) It is painful to me to be compelled to refer to these matters. It is not with pleasure that I bring before the House the antagonism which would inevitably arise between the two nationalities, should they be brought together into one Legislature, with such a vast disproportion between their means of taking their own part. We are told, and told very truly — I rejoice that it is the fact — that hitherto the two races in Lower Canada have lived in peace. But it would be impossible that they could any longer live in peace; it would be impossible that with such a disparity of numbers, and with such antagonistic interests, they should not come into conflict. It would be constant warfare, and this new Constitution, instead of settling the sectional difficulties in this country, instead of removing jealousies and heart-burnings, would have the very opposite effect. From the fact that the field of conflict would be smaller, that the arena would be more circumscribed, the strife would be all the fiercer. You are not bringing peace, but a sword. (HEAR, HEAR)
MR POWELL—Does the leader of the Opposition in Lower Canada assent to that? (HEAR, HEAR)
MR. O’HALLORAN—It is not my province to inquire what any hon. gentleman assents to or dissents from. What I have to do is to see that the interests of those who sent me here are not put in jeopardy. And it will be for the leader of the Opposition to see that he too, on his part, faithfully discharges his duty to those he represents. But, sir, the English-speaking of Lower Canada are to be amused, and their attention is to be diverted from a full examination of those serious matters which press themselves upon our consideration, by cleverly drawn abstractions and sophistries, such as new nationalities — union is strength — a great empire — and the other plausible pretexts that are attempted to be imposed upon them. We are gravely asked: "What man would remain poor, when he could at once become rich? What man would remain weak, when he could at once become powerful? Who would be diminutive, when merely by taking thought he could add cubits to his stature? What people would continue to be a mere colony, when by the stroke of a pen they could at once become an empire, under a new nationality?" Sir, these sophistries will not impose upon the people of this country. Where is the demonstration furnished us that by this scheme you would be add one dollar to the wealth of this country, or one human being to its inhabitants, or one inch to is territory? We do not find it afforded during the course of this debate. I have listened attentively to the arguments in favour of the scheme, but no attempt has been made to demonstrate these things. It has been repeatedly stated that we are about to consolidate the strength of this country, in order to resist invasion; but I should like to know in what manner such an end is promoted by this measure. Are we not already united under one Government? Are we not already living under the control of the same executive power? Do we not fight under the same flag, and pay allegiance to the same Sovereign? Is not every man in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and Prince Edward Island just as much under the control of our Government as the inhabitants of this province? It is all sophistry this idea that we are going to increase the strength of this country by the proposed union with the Lower Provinces. An attempt is made to alarm us by sensational rumours about invasion, and it is stated that we must put forth every possible strength to save ourselves from being swallowed up by the neighbouring republic; and we are gravely told that through the action of a number of self-constituted delegates assembled around a green table, and adopting certain resolutions, the whole of the physical laws relating to our country are to be changed. Newfoundland and Prince Edward Island are to be brought up into Lake Ontario, and the whole of our territory is to be compacted, consolidated and strengthened. Our extended frontier is no longer to be exposed to attack, and, if attacked, will be much more easily defended. Is this not the most absurd sophistry? Can paper resolutions change the laws of nature, or modify the physical geography of the country. Will not Newfoundland be as isolated from this province after the Confederation shall have been adopted, as it is today? I think, sir, it is generally admitted that Canada is unequal to the defence of its own frontier against invasion from the only quarter from which it is apprehended. It is also admitted that the Maritime provinces are alike unequal to the defence of their own frontier. By what process then will you demonstrate to me, that by adding the force of those provinces to our own, there will not be the same defencelessness at present? Will there not be the same disproportion between the defensive power and the object to be defended? (HEAR, HEAR.) Mr. Speaker, in the first place I perceive no immediate necessity for those constitutional changes. I think that our present Constitution is ample for the wants of the people of this country, and that all the difficulties, either real or imaginary, under which we labour, might be solved within the limits of our present Constitution. I consider all our difficulties to be merely sectional, arising neither from differences of religion, of origin, of language, or of laws. On examination it will be found that they are merely fiscal difficulties, and that they arise from the fact that our General Government does not confine itself to the true end and object of its existence. Do away with your local grants, and your absurd system of compensating for one improper expenditure by the creation of another. Let there be no expenditure for merely local purposes, or for purposes that do not properly come within the functions of the General Government. (HEAR, HEAR.) By what rule of right, for instance, are the inhabitants of Upper Canada called upon to pay for the redemption of the seigniorial tenure of Lower Canada; and what right has Lower Canada to be called upon to meet the extravagant municipal indebtness of Upper Canada? If our difficulties arise from differences of language and races, how comes it that the English-speaking people of Lower Canada have so long harmonized and sympathised with the extreme Ultramontane party of Lower Canada? (HEAR, HEAR.) I think you cannot find any reason for it, except on the supposition that they remain united for the purpose of maintaining their sectional power and influence, under a system by which the common exchequer is deemed a legitimate object of public plunder. Each section seems to have always regarded the public chest as fair game; and it is undeniable that Lower Canada has generally had the best of it. These things caused dissatisfaction in the minds of people from other sections of the country, and they undertake to form combinations for the purpose of obtaining from the public chest similar undue advantages. The remedy for this state of things is to deprive the Legislature of the power to make grants for local objects. Let there be no revenue collected more than is absolutely necessary for the general expenses of the country, and let it be distributed for those general purposes with due economy, and we shall hear nothing more of sectional difficulties. (HEAR, HEAR.) Mr. Speaker, in connection with this same idea, I find that in my own mind another very important consideration connected with the administration of the government of our country. It has now, I believe, ceased to be a crime to "look to Washington." Not long ago, the term "looking to Washington" was one of reproach. But that time has passed away, and our friends on the other side of the House have not only looked to Washington, but absolutely gone there, and imported the worst features of the republican system for incorporation in our new Constitution. While they were doing this, I regret very much that they did not import from Washington, or from some other parts of the United States, their ideas of economy in the administration of the fiscal affairs of the country. (HEAR, HEAR.) I regret they did not import from that country a very important principle prevailing there, to the effect that the Government of the day shall impose as few burdens upon the people as possible. Today, sir, we are paying the man who stands at that door to admit you to this chamber a greater annual salary than is paid to the Governor of the State of Vermont. We are paying the man who stands in that comer with his paste brush to wrap up our papers, more than the indemnity allowed to a United States Senator. We pay the Governor General a greater allowance than is received by the President of the United States of America. We are the most heavily taxed people, and pay larger salaries for the work performed, in proportion to our resources, than any other people in the world.
HON. ATTY. GEN. MACDONALD—We pay ourselves well too. (LAUGHTER.)
MR. O'HALLORAN—It has been said, and it seems to be thought a strong argument in favour of this scheme, that we must do something; that our affairs cannot with advantage go on in the same channel in which they have been doing; and that there is necessity for some change. It is made a complaint that the legislation is obstructed by party strife, and that the country suffers for the want of new laws. Sir, if there is one vulgar error in political economy more false and unsound than another, it is that the prosperity of any country depends on the amount of its legislation. We have, as a general thing, too much legislation. If I may use the term, we are legislated to death. And when I have seen bills pouring into this House by the hundred at every session, I have said to myself:— "What, in Heaven's name, will become of this country if all these bills should, by any possibility, ever become law?" (LAUGHTER.) The idea seems to prevail, that in this country even the grass cannot grow unless growth is regulated by an Act of Parliament. No change in the Constitution of this country will remedy the difficulties of which you complain, for they have their source within ourselves. It is honest, economical administration you require, not legislation, or a change in our form of Government.
"'Bout forms of government let fools contest, That which is best administered is best."
You may remove your seat of government to Ottawa, and increase your Legislature from 130 to 194 members, but you will find the same difficulties under any system of government which you may adopt, so long as you continue extravagant sectional expenditure. Those difficulties will still meet you in the face, so long as the legislature or legislatures of the country are permitted to exercise functions that do not properly belong to a general government; so long as you refuse to compel localities to meet their own local expenditure by local means, you will find the same causes producing the same effects in Ottawa as in Quebec. Colum non animam mutant qui trans mare currunt. (You but change your skies by the proposed constitutional changes.) I remarked, at the outset, that I must deny to this House the right to impose on this country this or any other Constitution, without first obtaining the consent of the people. Who sent you here to frame a Constitution? You were sent here to administer the Constitution as you find it. Throughout the length and breadth of British North America, there is not one other government that has dared to arrogate to itself the right of changing the Constitution of their people without consulting them, except ours. I am surprised, sir, that even this strong Government of ours have dared to assume this power, when, sooner or later, they must go before the people of the country. (HEAR, HEAR.) There comes to my hand, this evening, a resolution proposed by the Honourable Attorney General of Newfoundland in the Legislature of that colony. It is instructive as showing that there was one uniform sentiment throughout all the Lower Provinces, in favour of submitting the question to the people. It was so submitted in New Brunswick—it met its fate. It is now about to be submitted to the people of Nova Scotia. The Administration of this province have been wiser in their generation than those of the Lower Provinces. They did not dare submit it for the consideration of the people — a course which, if not exhibiting wisdom on their part, shows, at least, that skill and craft in public matters for which most of them have become famous. (HEAR, HEAR.) The resolution I have referred to, and which embodies the policy of the Government of Newfoundland on this question, is as follows:—
Resolved,—That having had under their most serious and deliberate consideration the proposal for the formation of a Federal union of the British North American Provinces, upon the terms contained in the report of the Convention of delegates, held at Quebec, on the 10th of October last—the despatch of the right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonies, dated December 3, 1864—the observations of His Excellency the Governor in relation to this subject in his opening Speech of the present session—and the report of the Newfoundland delegates—this committee are of the opinion, that having regard to the comparative novelty and very great importance of this project, it is desirable that before a vote of the Legislature is taken upon it, it should be submitted to the consideration of the people at large, particularly as the action of the other provinces does not appear to require that it should be hastily disposed of, and as (the present being the last session of this Assembly) no unreasonable delay can be occasioned by this course; and they, therefore, recommend that a final determination upon this important subject be differed to the next meeting of the Legislature. (HEAR, HEAR.)
AN HON. MEMBER—That is the report of a committee.
MR. O'HALLORAN—Yes, it is the report of a committee; but it was submitted to the Legislature by the Hon. Attorney General as the policy of the Government. Of course, if the resolution is not carried in the Legislature, then the scheme is doubly defeated. In this little, petty province, whose interests, as compared with ours, are of trifling importance in relation to the scheme, the Government considers that the question is one of sufficient moment to demand that before the slightest action is taken upon it by the Legislature, the people should be consulted; but in this large province, with its comparatively large population, and with important interests to be affected, the scheme is to be hurried through without allowing the people to have a voice in the matter, or even to have time for its consideration. (HEAR, HEAR.) They are to have no voice in determining what kind of government they and their children are to live under for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I know very well that it is a bold declaration for me to make, that this Parliament has no right to deal with this question; but, sir, I make it not hastily nor unadvisedly, because I defy honourable gentlemen to find a precedent for their proposed action in any free country under similar circumstances. We are not living to-day in a time of revolution or of great emergency; but even if our circumstances were different, I doubt very much if any of the precedents that have been referred to, as having occurred many years ago and in troublous times, could again be practiced or adopted, even in England, from which country we draw all our precedents. The precedents which have been invoked in approval of the course that has been adopted by the Government prove too much. If they form a justification for the course we are pursuing, then you might prove by the same means that this House had the power to perpetuate its existence beyond the limit fixed for the termination of the present Parliament, or vote ourselves members for life. We might just as well constitute ourselves life members of the Federal Legislature of the proposed Confederacy, as to take the action that is contemplated. I know that it is represented as very important that the measure should be carried into immediate operation; but that is a matter of mere expediency, and has nothing to do with constitutional principles. (HEAR, HEAR.) The Irish union has been triumphantly referred to as a precedent for this measure. To my mind it is a most unfortunate one, and little deserving of our imitation. Let me show you how this matter has been regarded by one, whose authority will not be disputed. I read from May's Constitutional History of England, page 505 of the 2nd volume. Speaking of the union of Ireland with England, he says:
A great end was compassed by means the most base and shameless. Grattan, Lord Charlemont, Ponsonby, Plunkett, and a few patriots, continued to protest against the sale of the liberties and free Constitution of Ireland. Their eloquence and public virtue command the respect of posterity; but the wretched history of their country denies them its sympathy.
This, sir, is the judgement of the impartial English historian upon the means by which this great national crime was consummated, and it is the just encomium on the noble few whose patriotic efforts failed to prevent it. I read it, in anticipation, as the future history of the wrong now about to be perpetrated on the people of this country; and while it implies, on the one hand, in no doubtful terms, the well-merited praise of the small band who stand here tonight for the rights of the people, in opposition to this scheme, it pronounces, on the other, the just condemnation of those who trample on those rights, and who forget, in the pride of their brief authority, who it was that raised them to the positions they occupy, not that they might coerce, but carry out the will of the people, the only rightful source of political power. (CHEERS)
Family anecdotes.
The following notes were written by Helen Spier, granddaughter of James O'Halloran. The notes provide slightly different birth information than that found in some published records.
1820: About this date, Grandfather James O'Halloran was born in Armagh, Ireland.
1827: His parents with their children emigrated to America, settling in Burlington Vermont. They had sailed from Cork.
They were Roman Catholics, and it must have been the case that some of the well-off parishioners became very interested in the affairs of the new Irish arrivals. Certainly one such family persuaded the O'H parents to let them take little Elizabeth to live with them. She was a bit younger than James, and a most beautiful child. Apparently, the arrangement allowed no interference with family communication, so she was not adopted but simply taken good care of, since her own parents were poor. But the circumstance led to her meeting and friendship with an outstanding young lawyer from Montreal, Marcus Doherty – who became a guest in the house when Elizabeth was in her teens. They married when she was quite young, and of course made Montreal their home. - (This family connection with Marcus Doherty would be one of the influences on James, causing him to be a Canadian citizen for the major part of his life).
James began a business while still a little lad at junior school, selling papers and taking unusual interest in the printing office. To the point, that he was able to have work in the office while he was still a young school-boy. By age fourteen, he interviewed the authorities in the University of Vermont to see if they would allow him to begin university work, at once. He admitted that up to then, he "had no Latin", but asked if he might not try the first University year despite this. Adding, that if at the end he did not pass as well as the other students, he would not ask them to give him a further try. His efforts were successful. (For several years, near the end of his life, - there used to be a fresh, illuminated document, each autumn, on his mantel shelf; - the invitation to their oldest, living graduate, to attend the Commencement ceremonies at University of Vermont, Burlington). - His work meant not only the B.A. but also his reading of Law – So his anxiety to begin early, had sound reasons. Naturally too, he knew that he would be trying to earn his living while a student; and this led to his work as tutor during the latter part of the time.
One season, while tutoring in the south, with some family there, he, and they, were distracted by events in the war between Mexico and the U.S. and James enlisted with the American troops, and went off to the border with them. His column was promptly taken as prisoners of war by the Mexicans, and when it became clear that they, the prisoners, were being lined up to be shot, James felt stupid at realizing he could speak no Spanish, since he had a hunch there was a mistake somewhere about this order. He decided on the next-best thing, and began to repeat the Pater Noster – It had an electric effect – Shouting, "Chretiano! Chretiano!!"- the Mexican officer countermanded, and the prisoners were presently freed completely. Apparently, the Americans had been mistaken for northern Indians and as the main body of American forces were close by the place, it was not the intention of the Mexicans to draw fire from there. The whole war must have been fairly short; but James' commanding officer did not forget him. The same officer was in command of troops in the western States when California was taken into the fold. He was in search of someone to be appointed first Chief Magistrate of the new State, and he wrote offering the post to James O'H. – This must have been close to 1847, as I think that 1847 must also have been the year of marriage between James and his wife. She was Mary Anne Finley, of Dunham, Quebec and she was 17 years old when she married James, who was about 27 then. – In re the offer of a big California post to him, he answered the officer with the explanation that he had arranged to practice law in Canada, where he had bought a farm for his parents, and was also about to be married, and therefore must decline the invitation.
Dunham, prior to 1866, meant the Township of Dunham, which included Cowansville, Sweetsburg and many more square miles. The History of Dunham claims that it was the first of the so-called Townships. Long before that date, English-speaking citizens had been encouraged by the British Govt to buy land and develop villages, near the border with the U S. - Hence, the logical place for James O'H to invest in some small holding for the parents (I think that the O'H great-grandparents were never able to make headway with finances, and James would want them within reach wherever he settled down to practise law.)- The Dunham area would be among the first to have a court of law, serving rural places near Montreal. Modern Dunham is still a fairly small village – but in the 1840s and 1850s, it was a larger place than the other villages.
Where James and Mary Anne lived for the first few years of their marriage, I do not know – somewhere in Cowansville as it was, in early days. The brick house on the main street, part-way to Sweetsburg, was built by James before the 8th child was born. This child was …
[The rest is cut off the bottom of the page]
…the family to be born in the house where her parents spent the rest of their lives.
Aside from his law practice, James O'Halloran had many interests. For a time, he represented Missisquoi County in the Quebec Legislature, before and after the 1867 debates. He approved Confederation, but voted for delaying it, in favour of giving people more time to comprehend. He probably knew more about the vast problems in the U.S. at that time, than any of the others in Canadian politics, and was not easily alarmed by fears of annexation that some of his colleagues suggested. - He had what few other people ever experience: the gift of remembering word for word, whatever he read that was worth remembering. And he read enormously. The development of Canada in his day was tied up with transportation problems: hence, he knew railroad-minded people, and this explains, in part, his long association with the law department of the C.P.R. and as a side-line, with the Boston &amp; Maine. All of his older life, until almost 90, he travelled certain days of the week into Montreal to his office in the C.P.R. building, returning to Cowansville that evening. (As a youngster, one of my treats was to drive with the gardener to the train to meet him, or to take him in the morning) He may have done this less often, by the time he reached 85 – But he was wonderfully himself, and well, until a very great age. - - In village matters when younger, he had been active in getting both the Catholic and the Anglican churches built. And he was certainly consulted often by both Priest and Rector, in all their concerns. Someone once asked him what he was going to do about his children, since he was a Catholic and his wife a Protestant. James answered that if his wife could bring up her children to be as good as she was herself, this was his best wish for them.
He meant what he said, always – and was so genuine in everything, that one knew he was deeply religious at heart, but felt that the sect to which one had belonged was personal, and not a matter for dispute. By the time that I came along, he began to show age in the whiteness of his hair and he looked as the Notman picture of him shows him, from the time when I can first remember him (high-chair age for me) until he died, when I was 21. So it is remarkable that he could be as companionable as he was, to a small grandchild. I slid down the stairs on its mahogany rail, to meet him quickly once –, when we were both dismayed to see that the brass buttons on my sailor suit had scratched the rail! He went to his library and came right back with the ink-pot, and carefully covered the tell-tale marks, - to the complete satisfaction of ourselves. But the ink was green, after all. So the other elders beheld the damage and no one was fooled. But, no one dared say anything – Helen was too small to have handled all that ink so deftly, and we just talked about other things... He spoke most beautifully, and read aloud or quoted as naturally as he would talk. It was a treat if he asked at Sunday lunch what the text of the sermon was. First, a bit of rustle on the part of the Aunts, to remember and quote correctly. - Grandfather would take up the narrative, and finish that part of the scripture, or even lead up to it and end the verses, as though the Book were open in front of him – He must have been past 65 when I was at boarding-school, and spending some holidays at Cowansville. He wanted to know what I was studying at the moment, and I mentioned, proudly, that I had begun to read Virgil. -He just commenced with the first Book and went on for at least two pages -verbatim. This I knew, as I had had to memorize most of it as I went along. -But it must have been generations since he had looked at it!
The O'Halloran house in Cowansville must have been a great hive of industry for its first 50 years, with the large family of young people, and the many other relations who stayed or lived there. James' mother lived with them after being a widow, and partially blind. She used to do fine hemming for the household, and Mother and Uncle Jim, when children, always threaded numerous needles for the days' work of their Granny. - Later, when the Finley grandparents were gone, their youngest daughter, Jane, came to live with the O'H's – and presently, older nephews joined the family for their school holidays. Our Uncle Joe was only about 20, when I first remember staying in the house – and several of his own nieces and nephews were so close to his age then, that none of us ever called him "Uncle". - Small wonder if the house always had a festive, hospitable air, to me, and I know that the Grandparents were never happier than when the place was filled by all ages of us... Music at home was a must, in those days, and James was almost as fond of music as of his books. So the older sisters and Mother could never remember a time when they could not read and play whatever music the occasion needed. Lessons in Montreal or from good organists elsewhere were provided for them, as long as they wished to study (They were a mystery to me, as I am convinced they knew as much instinctively, as from anything they were taught!)
The last few years of the household were very quiet, with only James and his dear "Sissy", as he called Aunt Elizabeth. He was in his 90s, and still active, until a short attack of pneumonia. Sitting up in bed, and wishing to have the Home Rule Bill for Ireland read to him from the morning paper, he listened with attention –, and this way, he died, as though falling asleep. This was the summer of 1913. He was 93.

</doc>
<doc id="6912860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912860" title="Visions of Dreamscapes">
Visions of Dreamscapes



</doc>
<doc id="6912861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912861" title="You Don't Understand Me">
You Don't Understand Me

"You Don't Understand Me" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette. Written by Per Gessle with American composer Desmond Child, it was released as the lead single from the duo's first greatest hits compilation album, "Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! Roxette's Greatest Hits" (1995). It was also the only new song from the original edition of the album to appear on the 2000 U.S. edition. The song was a hit in several European countries, reaching the top 20 in Finland, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, and the duo's native Sweden. The song was also a hit in Germany where, despite peaking at number 44, it would spend over three months on the German Singles Chart.
Composition and style.
The song was written by Per Gessle and Desmond Child. In the "Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus!" liner notes, Per called it: "the first [Roxette] song ever to be written with someone from the 'outside'. It wasn't intended to be recorded by Roxette. Desmond came to Halmstad this summer, just to see if we could create something together. He had this idea, I changed it around a bit, and asked Marie to sing on the demo. Then I realised it suited us very well." According to Ultimate Guitar, "You Don't Understand Me" is an alternative pop ballad, with a slow tempo of 77 beats per minute. Each verse is composed of two repetitions of a C–D–Em–C–C–D–Em sequence, and the bridge consists of a Gm–B♭–F–C–B♭–F–C–B♭–F–Gm sequence. The chorus is composed of two repetitions of B♭–C–F–C sequence, with the final note amended to a Gm during the final bar.
The duo recorded acoustic versions of several songs for inclusion as b-sides on UK editions of this single. New versions of "You Don't Understand Me", "The Look" and "Listen to Your Heart", as well as a cover of The Beatles' "Help!", were recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London in early 1995, although the latter would remain unreleased until it appeared on the 2006 box set "The Rox Box/Roxette 86-06".
Critical reception.
Pan-European magazine "Music &amp; Media" commented, "Singer Marie Frederiksson cries out as she is left in the dark by an evasive lover. A brand new, slow-stepping and dramatic ballad". A reviewer from "Music Week" rated it two out of five, adding that "this clumsy and half-hearted ballad is unlikely to revive the Swedish outfit's Top 10 fortunes."
Formats and track listings.
All songs were written by Per Gessle except "Listen to Your Heart", with music by Gessle and Mats MP Persson.
Personnel.
Personnel are adapted from the liner notes of "Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! Roxette's Greatest Hits".
"Tú No Me Comprendes" (2020).
Roxette released the Spanish-language compilation album "Baladas en Español" in 1996, which consisted of ballads translated by Spanish songwriter Luis Gomez-Escolar. The album was only released in Spanish and Portuguese-speaking territories. A translated version of "You Don't Understand Me", titled "Tú No Me Comprendes", was also recorded during these sessions, but was excluded from the album. Gessle explained: "We had too many songs [for "Baladas en Español"], so this was just hidden away somewhere."
While compiling the rarities compilation "Bag of Trix" in 2020, Gessle recalled recording a Spanish version of the track; the master tape of the recording was located within an EMI archival vault "in London or in Cologne". The version included on "Bag of Trix" is a new mix of the original recording. It was released as a single on digital and streaming platforms on 6 November 2020. This single contained their previous release, the "Good Karma" outtake "Let Your Heart Dance with Me", as the b-side.
Music video.
A music video was created for the song, consisting of previously unseen footage from both Gessle and Fredriksson's private archives. It premiered on YouTube on 6 November.
Formats and track listings.
"Tú No Me Comprendes" was written by Gessle, Child and Luis Gómez Escolar; "Let Your Heart Dance with Me" was written by Gessle.

</doc>
<doc id="6912863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912863" title="Queen Brahn">
Queen Brahn



</doc>
<doc id="6912867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912867" title="Wisdom of Crowds">
Wisdom of Crowds



</doc>
<doc id="6912868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912868" title="Russian dwarf hamsters">
Russian dwarf hamsters



</doc>
<doc id="6912876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912876" title="Swayambhu Purana">
Swayambhu Purana

Swayambhu Purana or "Svayambhū Purāṇa" (Devanagari: स्वयम्भू पुराण) is a Buddhist scripture about the origin and development of Kathmandu valley. Swayambhu Purana gives details of all the Buddhas who came to Kathmandu. It also provides information about the first and the second Buddhas in Buddhism.
Description of Swayambhu Purana.
First Chapter.
Jina Shree Raj Bodhisattva had asked Jayaśrī about the origin of the Swayambhu; the description of the origin as told by Upagupta Bhikshu to king Ashoka has been narrated in the first chapter of the story of the origin of the Swayambhu.
It also gives an account of the prophecy made by Shree Shakyamuni to Maitreya Bodhisattva about the origin of the Swayambhu in the middle of the lotus with one thousand petals planted by Bipaswi Tathagata. At the time of Bipaswi, shree Shakyamuni was famous by the name of satyadharma Bodhisattva. In this chapter also shows the then Kathmandu valley was a big lake inhabited by Nagas (Snakes).
Second Chapter.
In Second chapter, as a reply to the question of Maitreya Bodhisattva, "When did the Swayambhu come into being over the lotus planted by Bipaswi Tathagata?” Shakyamuni Bhagwan replied that Swayambhu originated at the time of Shikhi Tathagata when he was known as Kshemankar Bodhisattva. That chapter also gives a description of the fruits blessing due to worship of the Swayambhu.
Third Chapter.
In the third chapter, Maitreya asks the Buddha, “When was the city made by clearing up the water of the lake in which by Nagas resided?" Thereupon Shayamuni Bhagwan replied, "When I was known as Parbataksha at the time of Biswabhu Tathagata, a person by the name of Manju Devacharya cleared up the water by destroying the forest of Kuruwa, Chabaha, Suryaghat and Gokarna and established a city, made Dharmakar its king and made the city famous as Manjupattan.
Fourth Chapter.
Maitreya Bodhisattva asks Shakyamuni Bhagwan about the creation of the places of pilgrimage after the founding of the city of Nepal in the fourth chapter. Then after Shakyamuni Bhagwan explained, "Oh Maitreya! At the time when a human being had a life of forty thousand years, I was living as Jyotipal Bodhisattva in the city called Kshamavati at Krakuchhanda Tathagata’s place, at the time when shree Krakuchhanda Bhagwan went to visit Shree Swayambhu. Then he narrated to his community and to the people in general about the origin of the holy pilgrimages to Bagamati and Keshawati.
Fifth Chapter.
The fifth chapter provides:
Thus the fifth chapter recounts things about eight Vaitarag &amp; the story of the salvation of Takshaka Naga at Punya Tirtha, a pilgrimage at Gokarna; the story of the salvation of Lord Shiva and his consort Parvati Gokarna; the story of the salvation of Lord Shiva and his consort Parvati at Shanta Tirtha, a pilgrimage at Guheswori, the story of the salvation of the shepherd Gopal by name at Shankar Tirtha, a pilgrimage at Shankhame; the story of the salvation of the gambler Din Chud at Nidhan Tirtha, a pilgrimage at Lakha Tirtha; the story of the salvation of the ignorant king called Sindhu at Gyan Tirtha, a pilgrimage at the Karha river; the story of the salvation of Koti Karna Sharthabaha, who showed impudence and disobeyed his own mother, at Chintamani Tirtha, a pilgrimage at Teku Dobhan, the story of the salvation of the demon Danasur at Danaga; the story of the salvation of the wicked king, the minister, and the sons of the merchant of the country of Gaud at Sulakshana Tirtha, a pilgrimage at Bhajanga, and the story of the salvation of the demon, the wife of Danasur, at Jaya Tirhta, a pilgrimage at Nekhu.
Sixth Chapter.
The sixth Chapter incorporates accounts of the coming of Dharma Shree Mitra to Nepal to comprehend the meaning of the twelve alphabets mentioned in Namasangiti and the accounts of his being king of Nepal, and how Shree Swayambhu was made famous by the name of Dharma Dhatu Vagiswor.
Seventh Chapter.
The seventh chapter gives an account of how the gods including Indra erected a stupa as a fulfillment of the wish of Shanty Karacharya to cover up Dharma Dhatu Vagiswor to make a bowl-shaped dipa over it, and also provides accounts of the establishment of the image of gods including Basapur, after invoking them.
Eighth Chapter.
The eighth chapter describes the prophecy of lord Bhagwan as to how the Nepal Valley will face drought for seven years and how Gunakama Deve, as instructed by Shanti Karacharya, made the rain fall by bringing Karkotak, the king of Nagas.
Ninth Chapter.
The ninth chapter comprises the prophecy of lord Bhagwan as to how the twelve-year-long drought would be put to an end, to Bandhu Datta, the pupil Shanti Karacharya, King Narendra Dev and Lalit, a farmer serving the king, by bringing lok Natha (the Lord of the world) from Kamaru Kamaksha; it also provides the name of twenty-one upa-Tirthas.
Tenth Chapter.
In tenth chapter are the story about the Chuda Bikshuni and the highlights about the rules of telling and listening to the Swayambhu Puran, and also the blessing one gets for telling, telling, listening, making others listen, writing or making others write it.

</doc>
<doc id="6912878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912878" title="Party Pooper Pants (SpongeBob's House Party)">
Party Pooper Pants (SpongeBob's House Party)



</doc>
<doc id="6912892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912892" title="Henry Cravatte">
Henry Cravatte

Henry Cravatte (21 May 1911 – 4 November 1990) was a Luxembourgish politician.
Political activity.
Cravatte studied Jurisprudence and in 1936 became lawyer in Diekirch. His political career began in 1951 when he was placed on the list of the Workers' Party. He was elected to the local council and later as the mayor of Diekirch. From 1953 to 1957 he was a member of the Comité -director. In the period from 1958 to 1959 he was State Secretary of the economy. In 1959, Cravatte was elected to the Chamber of Deputies, the Luxembourg parliament. In 1964 he became Vice President of Government and Minister of Internal Affairs. After the founding of the Social Democratic Party, he resigned as president on 3 May 1970 and joined the newly formed party. From 1968 Cravatte was elected to the Chamber every five years until 1978.
Cravatte was Deputy Prime Minister from 1964 until 1969, and also served as President of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party.
He was President of the Standing Conference of Local and Regional Authorities of Europe from 1962 to 1964 and again from 1976 to 1978.
On 14 March 1971 he became president of the Labor Party. He retained this post until 1980. On 4 November 1990 Henry Cravatte died at the age of 79 years in Ettelbrück.

</doc>
<doc id="6912895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912895" title="Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep">
Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep

"Chirpy Chirpy, Cheep Cheep" is a song recorded in 1970 by its composer Lally Stott, and made popular in 1971 by Scottish band Middle of the Road, for whom it was a UK #1 chart hit. That version is one of fewer than fifty singles to have sold more than ten million physical copies worldwide.
History.
The original recording of the song by Lally Stott was first released in September 1970 in Italy, where he had been living for several years. It was a hit, entering the Top 20 at the beginning of October. The record company, Philips, was reluctant to release it overseas, and offered it to two other groups: Scottish folk-pop group Middle of the Road, who were working in Italy at the time, and the Trinidadian brother-and-sister duo Mac and Katie Kissoon. Philips eventually released Stott's version elsewhere and it topped the charts in Australia and Rhodesia, as well as hitting the Top Ten in South Africa. It was not a hit in the US, though it peaked at number 92 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, something that Middle of the Road never achieved.
Middle of the Road released their version in October 1970 in Italy, though it failed to chart there. It was released in the UK on 15 January 1971 and initially became a hit in continental Europe only, before later growing in popularity in the UK. It entered the UK Singles Chart in the final week of May and reportedly got a boost from DJ Tony Blackburn, who favoured this version over the one by Mac and Katie Kissoon (which had recently been released), and topped the charts three weeks later for five weeks. Mac and Katie Kissoon's version, released in May 1971, had the most success in North America, peaking at number 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 10 on the Canadian "RPM" chart.
At the time, the song was dismissed by critics as bubblegum, a view initially held by band leader Ken Andrew: "We were as disgusted with the thought of recording it as most people were at the thought of buying it. But at the end of the day, we liked it."
In 2006 "Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep" topped a list of unintentionally creepy songs in "The Observer". Despite its popular appeal and popular chorus, the song has a theme of child abandonment.
Appearances.
The song was featured on the "Top of the Pops, Volume 18" album.
In popular culture.
The song was sampled in the Denim song "Middle of the Road" on their 1992 album, "Back in Denim".
In a sketch in "Victoria Wood As Seen on TV", a character telling her Forbes that her husband has been having an affair says that it must have been going on for a long time as ‘their tune was Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep’.
The song's title has sometimes been parodied:
Included on the soundtrack in "The Guard" (2011) performed by Middle of the Road.
The character Frank Gallagher references the Middle of the Road version in an episode of the UK TV series, "Shameless"
Included on the soundtrack of the Shudder exclusive film, "The Power" (2021), which takes place in 1974 London.
Included in the "party scene" of the 1971 Israeli comedy film "Katz and Carrasso" directed by Menahem Golan
Charts.
Lally Stott version.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Middle of the Road version.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Mac and Katie Kissoon version.
Weekly charts

</doc>
<doc id="6912898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912898" title="Nong Ya Sai district">
Nong Ya Sai district

Nong Ya Sai (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the western part of Suphan Buri province, central Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("king amphoe") was created on 1 June 1983, when the four "tambons" Nong Ya Sai, Nong Rathawat, Nong Pho, and Chaeng Ngam were split off from Sam Chuk district. It was upgraded to a full district on 21 May 1990.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Dan Chang, Doem Bang Nang Buat, Sam Chuk, and Don Chedi of Suphan Buri Province, and Lao Khwan of Kanchanaburi province.
Administration.
Central administration.
Nong Ya Sai is divided into six sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 66 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There is one sub-district municipality ("thesaban tambon") in the district:
There are six sub-district administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="6912899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912899" title="Quebec—Montmorency">
Quebec—Montmorency



</doc>
<doc id="6912900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912900" title="Commercial air transport">
Commercial air transport



</doc>
<doc id="6912901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912901" title="Agaricus impudicus">
Agaricus impudicus

Agaricus impudicus, also known as the tufted wood mushroom, is a mushroom of "Agaricus", a genus with many edible species.
Description.
As with all "Agaricus" species, gills are free, colour progresses with age from pale-pink to a chocolate color, and spores are dark brown. The stipe has a clear annulus (ring).
Cap 4–15 cm wide, and appears brownish due to numerous brownish scales on a white background. The stipe is white, 6–12 cm tall and 0.8–2 cm thick, cylindrical and wider towards the bottom, or ending in a bulb.
It is distinguished from similar forest-growing "Agaricus" mushrooms in that it does not bruise yellowish or reddish when cut, except for the attachment of stalk and cap which may turn slightly pink, and the widening stipe. Taste is mild and earthy, and the mushroom is sometimes regarded as edible; however, other authors treat it as inedible in practice if not in theory because it has a nauseating smell resembling rotten radish, which persists during cooking.
Habitat.
Known to occur in Western and Southern Europe and New Zealand, this uncommon mushroom is found in deciduous or coniferous forest in autumn.
Taxonomy.
This species is known under a number of synonyms, all these refer to the same species:

</doc>
<doc id="6912902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912902" title="Abbott, Ira H.">
Abbott, Ira H.



</doc>
<doc id="6912905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912905" title="Karrimor">
Karrimor

Karrimor is a British brand of backpacks, outdoor and sports equipment, and clothing.
The company was founded as the Karrimor Bag Company in 1946.
Financial difficulties beginning in the late 1990s led to the company entering receivership in March 2004, after which the trademark was acquired by Sports Direct and is now used for various budget outdoor and running products.
History.
Original company.
Early history.
Karrimor was founded and based in Lancashire, England, following World War II, with the company moving early on from Rawtenstall shop premises to nearby Clayton-le-Moors. Its history began in 1943, when Waterfoot bicycle shop owner Charles Parsons (1910–?) went blind from an accident that had occurred in 1939. Under war and post-war conditions, he was also unable to obtain saddlebag and pannier stock for sale, but was still able to buy local raw fabric. His wife and her sister (Mary Parsons 1914–? and Grace Davies) began to make bicycle bags for his shop, which the family also began to sell locally to other shops. This led to the Karrimor Bag Company being formed in 1946. As a saddlebag manufacturer it competed with companies then in the same industry, such as Carradice and Dunlop.
The company was incorporated and changed its name to Karrimor Weathertite Products (named for their Weathertite cycling bags) in April 1952, before diversifying into backpacks in 1958, where during the 1960s and 1970s it made its reputation.
Growth and renown.
Karrimor were still small when their son Mike Parsons (1942–) joined in 1960, and began to build the 6-employee company into a renowned international outdoor equipment manufacturer. The company's growth arose from a number of factors.
For Karrimor, the buoyant market and its expansion, combined with an influx of hobbyists seeking equipment, local expertise, extensive networking, an existing established business, first-mover advantage, and a CEO who himself avidly engaged the hobbyist perspective on equipment and had considerable design skills, proved a fertile combination for the company's expansion.
Indeed, the 30-year period 1960–1990 has been described as a "golden age" for UK outdoor pursuit entrepreneurial companies generally.
A major example of this synergistic combination of factors was Karrimor's innovation of the first robustly waterproof lightweight nylon texturised fabric, marketed as "KS-100e". Within 1960s textiles, cotton fibres expand when wet, bond to many coatings, and cotton fabrics are therefore easily made waterproof and rot-proof, but remain relatively heavy and cumbersome, and far from an ideal backpack textile, while nylon fabrics are lightweight, tough, flexible, easily cleaned, but technically very difficult to waterproof other than by adding coatings (with existing coatings such as polyurethane readily peeling or wearing away), and when untreated are always permeable to water (its fibres do not expand to fill the gaps when wet). Therefore, in the 1960s, robustly waterproof fabrics were still largely based on rubberised coatings, duck-cotton and the like, even though these flexed poorly and added weight. In collaboration with a local company (either BM Coatings or Gordon and Fairclough, sources differ), Karrimor developed an elastomer-nylon process in which toughened nylon fabric was waterproofed without significant weight or additional coatings, and without losing its natural flexibility, durability, texture, or other desirable qualities. The KSB footwear range was another example, combining lightweight fabric/suede uppers, new shock absorbent materials, and fellow Briton Ken Ledward's innovative sole, to create boots that were lightweight, tough, and shock absorbent.
Ground-breaking designs were also brought to market in diverse areas such as backpack design, camping mats, and other areas of equipment manufacture. Famous climbs such as Annapurna (1970) and Everest (1975 twice and 1978) using Karrimor equipment (covered in prestigious international mountaineering journals such as Ken Wilson's "Mountain" ) also had a lasting impact on the company's profile in its field, and gave its products a 'reputation for functionality and usability'. At times, this left manufacturing output "struggling to keep up with demand".
In this way, between 1960 and 1990 the company innovated successfully and gained international recognition for many of its products "(see 'pre-receivership recognition' below)". Its first factory opened in 1965, in nearby Haslingden, with two more following. The 1960s also saw business revenue grow 800% and the first exports. In line with its growing global reputation and prominence, in 1975 the company changed name once more, to Karrimor International Ltd. By then, Karrimor was supplying an estimated 80% of the UK backpack market, and exporting some 40% of products. (After the company's 2004 collapse, its assets were acquired by a new company, Karrimor Ltd, and as of 2013 trades under that name.)
Recession and resurgence.
The early 1980s recession and pressure on manufacturing and exports were difficult, or even disastrous, for Karrimor, as for many other manufacturers and exporters in the UK. Two of the company's three factories closed and 100 of the 300-strong workforce were made redundant. Determined to remain focused on the manufacturing strengths of the business, a core selling and reputation point, Parsons sustained the business by investing in product lines that would sell counter-seasonally to backpacks, and modernised Karrimor by visiting the United States to learn newer business practices, where manufacturing and business practices were often far in advance of those in the UK. According to Parsons, the changes cost the family-owned business over £1 million by completion, but left Karrimor at the start of the 1990s as "the industry's most significant supplier", and it continued to win awards and renown.
Pre-receivership achievements and recognition.
Karrimor's pre-receivership highlights included the 'Alpiniste' backpack of the 1960s and purple 'Haston Alpiniste' pack of the 1970s – described as "dominating" the decade in terms of climbing packs – leading to Chris Bonington's team in their well-publicised 1975 ascent of Everest's south-west face using Karrimor equipment (Peter Habeler likewise used the same brand three years later for his oxygen-mask-free ascent, as did Junko Tabei, Everest's first female climber ); Ks-100e, a pioneering waterproof nylon-based fabric invented in 1973; a British Design Award in 1991 for the Condor backpack; the design of the ubiquitous 'SA' backpack support system; and pioneering development within lightweight fabric/suede footwear (the "footwear revolution" of the 1980s) with the KSB range. Backpacks at that time were often made from heavy fabrics or with a solid external frame; the Alpiniste and its relatives were the first 'modern' non-frame backpack, in the sense of being lightweight with the weight transferred to an integrated hip belt via a close-fit back support system. This was the forerunner of all non-frame modern packs of this kind. During this period, Karrimor offered a lifetime warranty on its products, and was reputed for its in-house warranty and repairs service, often many years after the product purchase had taken place. These lifetime warranties are no longer honoured by the new owners of the Karrimor brand. Other highlights also included the introduction of closed cell foam mattresses (1965) known as the "Karrimat", and Karrimor's first exports and first experiments with nylon backpacks in 1967, leading also to the first marketed waterproof nylon cycle bags in the 1970s (Karrimor later switched all its cycle bag production from cotton to nylon in 1980), as well as the first mountain marathon (1968).
For many years during the second half of the 20th century, Karrimor was a world-status innovator and brand in its field of outdoor equipment. Its range covered backpacks, clothing, hiking boots, and other camping, clothing and mountaineering equipment for outdoors activities. At the time of its 2004 receivership, OutdoorsMagic.com website described Karrimor as having a "tremendous tradition", a history that included "legendary" products, and a "very strong brand name", Past owner Industrialinvest concurred, stating that the company had an "international reputation for outstanding [products]", and in a 1996 review of top British manufacturers, "The Independent" described Karrimor as "a leader in its... field", albeit one that it felt had (like other businesses) "failed to invest and expand".
The awards continued well into the 1990s. In 1991 Parsons and Karrimor received the "Outdoor Writers and Photographers Guild" "Golden Boot" award for "outstanding contribution to the outdoors", and in 1993 the company was one of 15 winners in the "Best UK factory" awards, with "Management Today" describing Karrimor as a "world-renowned manufacturer" that had responded to the 1980s recession by investing heavily in automated production, U.S.-based stockflow processes, and production flexibility.
In 1999, Cullinan's acquisition documents stated of Karrimor that it was:
Karrimor SF.
Around 1995, Karrimor conceived, along with outside party Deric Gollop, a "special forces" range, Karrimor SF, which was launched as a separate company around 1998. It targeted police and military equipment needs. Being outside the Karrimor International group, the company was unaffected by Karrimor's later 2004 break-up and remains commercially active as of 2019 with its own products and production. Website: Karrimorsf.com
Financial distress and post-receivership new company history.
During the late 1990s and 2000s, Karrimor's business grew but its financial robustness faltered as it took on investors and bought other companies. The UK was again in recession during 1990–1993, which was weathered without redundancies. As the economy recovered and entered an extended boom, and the business continued to demonstrate its commercial strength, reputation and win yet further awards ("see above"), the family sold the majority of the business in stages to outside investors (25% in 1993, and much of the remainder in 1996) to gain external investment, as the business sought to consolidate and expand its market position by growing through acquisition and increase its market presence in related areas such as retail and distributorships.
Acquisitions, Gartmore and 21 Invest.
In 1993 the family sold 25% of the business to investment business Gartmore to fund expansion, via the acquisition of Phoenix Mountaineering and Life Cycle. The strategy that did not work as hoped and by 1996 was placing the business into a "desperate" financial position. Faced with financial losses, a banking system that did not adequately support long term capital funding of the kind needed by the business, and a need for funding to support investment, a controlling majority stake in the business was transferred to investment group 21 Invest (now Investindustrial), the investing arm of the Italian Bonomi and Benetton empires, for £7 million, with Mike Parsons becoming Karrimor's president. Andrea Bonomi, the venture capital company's 31-year-old owner, had felt that Britain was "a fantastic place" for manufacturing, but under-appreciated by British people themselves, and considered Karrimor an exemplary family business (albeit in his view "mis-managed" ), owned by a "hardworking" family with a "fiercely loyal" workforce, and a good choice for UK investment.
Under 21 Invest, Karrimor purchased Lowe Alpine's distributor Europa Sport, also acquiring Europa's existing distribution rights for other manufacturers. The purchase was anticipated to boost Karrimor's group revenues, already £19 million, to a peak at around £30 million, and propel the company into second place in the UK footwear market and also consolidate its position within sports and leisure products. However 21 Invest and Parsons found they strongly disagreed about the company's future plans, leading to "very severe" problems. A 2001 article states of this period that:
 21 Invest ultimately reported a substantial return on their investment, having focused on Karrimor's existing retail stores (initially branded 'Karrimor' and from 1999 Mountain Warehouse) and international sales, before selling Karrimor's core business onward in 1999 to South African leisure group Cullinan Holdings; 21 Invest also exited Mountain Warehouse three years later in 2002.
Cullinan Holdings.
Within a day of the 1999 sale completing, new owners Cullinan 'stunned' the company by announcing plans for cessation of existing manufacturing (immediate ending eighty jobs, or a quarter of the workforce) and the intention to change Karrimor to a sales, marketing and distribution business.
There was local fury, as the company and employees had been given assurances just one day earlier – prior to completion of sale – about their commitments to the business, to its workforce, and about future plans. Cullinan did not comment on the matter. The director of local Karrimor supplier Trubend Manufacturing also stepped in, to try and save the fleece garment product range and its 30 staff.
In March 2003, the company bought YHA Outlets, a chain of fifteen outdoor products retail outlets. The acquisition was not a success – partly due to misjudged price cutting at stores of products including Karrimor's own – and Karrimor were unable to recover. The falling sales, and Cullinan's 'unwillingness' to invest in the business (according to its receiver) led to the company going into receivership in March 2004. At the time it had around 250 employees and sales of around £18.7m.
Within 24 hours, by 9 March 2004, its assets were bought out for £5 million by Lonsdale Sports, part of the Sports Direct group of companies, who broke up the company, sold the outlets (both YHA and Karrimor's own), retaining mainly the rights to the brand name, which was licensed to such events as the long-standing Karrimor International Mountain Marathon (which later became the Original Mountain Marathon), and the company's intellectual property.
Post-receivership and Sports Direct.
Following completion of the transaction, customer service activities such as lifetime warranties and repair services on previously sold goods were cancelled or outsourced. Manufacturing in the UK largely ended.
Some of Karrimor's previous management started a business under the name "Zero Degrees" which for a short time also produced outdoor equipment. Some warranty and repair workers remained active with Karrimor products at the associated company Lancashire Sports Repairs, which until around 2012 acted as Karrimor's warranty, repair, and after-sales service provider and as of 2013 provides paid repair services of Karrimor equipment.
The Karrimor brand remains and is licensed and used for marketing and product branding purposes. Sports Direct continue to sell Karrimor branded products, which are as of 2013 largely made in China rather than the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6912906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912906" title="Themes in science fiction">
Themes in science fiction



</doc>
<doc id="6912907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912907" title="Hooe">
Hooe

Hooe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6912909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912909" title="Bajrayogini Temple">
Bajrayogini Temple

Bajrayogini Temple (Nepali: बज्रयोगिनी मन्दिर) is a Tantric Buddhist temple located at Sakwa in Nepal's Kathmandu Valley. It is also well known as Bodhisattva's Temple.
The temple is actually a sort of temple complex, with the main temple having been built by King Pratap Malla in the sixteenth century. Vajrayogini is a Buddhist tantric deity, she is also conflated with Ugra Tara, a form of the Buddhist dharmapala Ekajati. However, the temple is sacred to both Buddhists and Hindus.
The Bajrayogini Temple is situated roughly 20 kilometres northeast of Kathmandu. The area where it is located is often referred to as Gunbaha, which can be roughly translated from Newari as ‘recreational forest place’. The main temple is a three-story high building, which was obviously carefully constructed with the utmost attention to detail. You will likely find a statue of the goddess Bajrayogini in this temple which will feature a red face with three eyes as well as hands, which have the thumb and middle finger carefully, decorated. Ornaments surround her statue.
Mythology.
According to a holy book, which was once discovered long ago, the site of the temple was once a forked piece of stone, which spouted fire. This was quite significant when the rest of the world was covered with snow and before long there emerged a five-colored flame, which came to be the volcanic goddess. The goddess ordered that a temple be built on the sight of her emergence and priests have been making use of the nine surrounding caves for centuries to serve this temple ever since. The first priest to serve here was supposedly given superior enlightenment and Bajrayogini is considered to be one of the wisest and strongest gods able to grant this gift. There is a beautiful water tap complete with decorative statue in the area, which dates back to the fourth century. The attraction here is not only the various temples but also the many other interesting temples and caves which surrounded it – some of which are considered to be older than the temple itself. Amongst the caves in the area is a carved double chamber with window attributed to being used by Marpa Lotsawa. Whereas nearby is a tiny chamber built into a small cliff which was where Milarepa was walled in for solitary retreat.
Within the legends of Manisaila Mahavadana, Vajrayogini is said to have drained the lake water from the Sankhu Valley with her curved knife. She also appeared before the temple priest Jogdev and instructed King Sankhadev to build the town of Sankhu in the shape of a conch shell. The oldest inscription at Sankhu which dates back to 538 CE attests to this.
The hill top is accessed by a very long carved stone stairway. The entire site is covered richly with Newari architectural metal work, carved wood details, and ancient artifacts; including a small stupa claimed to pre-date Buddha Shakyamuni.
Jatra/Festivities.
Bajrayogini Jatra is very famous among local Newar Community so people from the locality gather to observe and celebrate the Bajrayogini Jatra festival each April.
During the Kaligad Sambat in 1801, King Shankhadev created the Shankharapur town, according to history. King Shankhadeva began the Jatra of Bajrayogini from Kaligad Sambat 1818 after founding the village. The Bajrayogini region is also known as the birthplace of the Bajracharyas.
2015 earthquake.
The earthquake that struck on 25 April 2015 had immense effect on Sankhu. Bajrayogini temple was no exception. The temple was not marked safe by the engineers. Renovation of the temple is necessary in order to assure safety. The statues of Bajrayogini temple are safely shifted and the temple is supported with wooden planks.

</doc>
<doc id="6912911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912911" title="American Civil Religion">
American Civil Religion



</doc>
<doc id="6912913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912913" title="Dan Chang district">
Dan Chang district

Dan Chang (, ) is the northwesternmost district ("amphoe") of Suphan Buri province, central Thailand.
History.
Dan Chang was created as a minor district ("king amphoe") on 30 August 1974 by splitting off three "tambons", Dan Chang, Ong Phra, and Huai Khamin, from Doem Bang Nang Buat district. The next year, subdistrict Nong Makha Mong was transferred from Doem Bang Nang Buat to the minor district. The minor district was upgraded to a full district on 13 July 1981.
Lauda Air Flight 004 crashed at a site three nautical miles north of Phu Toei, Huai Khamin, Dan Chang in 1991.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Ban Rai of Uthai Thani province; Noen Kham of Chainat province; Doem Bang Nang Buat and Nong Ya Sai of Suphan Buri Province; and Lao Khwan, Nong Prue, and Si Sawat of Kanchanaburi province. 
Phu Toei National Park is in Dan Chang District. The important water resource of Dan Chang is the Krasiao River which is impounded by the district's Krasiao Dam in Huai Khamin Subdistrict.
Administration.
Central administration.
Dan Chang is divided into seven subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 93 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There is one subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") in the district:
There are seven subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="6912918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912918" title="Doctor utriusque juris">
Doctor utriusque juris



</doc>
<doc id="6912922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912922" title="It Could Be You (Blur song)">
It Could Be You (Blur song)



</doc>
<doc id="6912923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912923" title="Everett V Stonequist">
Everett V Stonequist



</doc>
<doc id="6912926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912926" title="2006 Shiga gubernatorial election">
2006 Shiga gubernatorial election

A gubernatorial election was held on 2 July 2006 to elect the next governor of , a prefecture of Japan located in the Kansai region of Honshu island.
Candidates.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6912927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912927" title="Crown and Andrews">
Crown and Andrews

Crown and Andrews is an Australian game manufacturer. It makes board games, educational games, wooden puzzles, Rubiks puzzles and jigsaw puzzles.
In June 2014, Crown and Andrews was acquired by Goliath Games, a Dutch business.
TV shows board games.
Crown and Andrews has made many board games licensed from TV shows, some of them are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="6912928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912928" title="Melodifestivalen 1962">
Melodifestivalen 1962



</doc>
<doc id="6912929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912929" title="The Blood Arm">
The Blood Arm

The Blood Arm are an American five-piece rock band from Los Angeles, California, currently residing in Berlin, Germany. At present, they have released five albums. Their music has been likened to "James Brown fronting Talking Heads and singing Fall songs" by the "NME" and they are renowned for their extremely energetic live performances.
The Blood Arm's music has been featured in the television programs "Gossip Girl", "The OC", "Nip/Tuck", "Chuck", "Ravenswood" and the US version of "Shameless", the video game series "", as well as the hit movie "Cloverfield" and the 2006 documentary "Radiant City".
History.
Formation.
The Blood Arm were formed in LA in 2002. The band is led by singer Nathaniel Fregoso (born November 29, 1979), who has a reputation for highly energetic live shows, including singing from the tops of speaker stacks, hanging off water pipes, waltzing with members of the audience, or stealing off to the bar to swipe drinks. Fregoso met guitarist Zebastian Carlisle at a karaoke bar in Koreatown and keyboardist / co-vocalist Dyan Valdés at UCLA, which they both attended.
Early years and "Bomb Romantics" (2002–2005).
The founding members of the band performed around Los Angeles as a three-piece until drummer Zachary Amos joined the band in 2003. They self-released the EP "Four Song Demo" in 2004 and their debut album "Bomb Romantics" in 2005, generating buzz overseas with positive reviews. The album quickly sold out and remains out of print.
On 19 March 2004, the band played an after show party for Franz Ferdinand, who had just performed at LA's Troubadour. Singer Alex Kapranos quickly began naming the Blood Arm as his favorite new band. The band were interviewed by Franz Ferdinand in the 8 January 2005 issue of the "NME".
The Blood Arm were nominated for the "LA Weekly" Music Award for Best New Artist in 2004. The Blood Arm used to travel with a Master of Ceremonies named Ben Lee Handler, who warmed up the crowd with semi-fictional accounts of how the band arrived at the venue. They won the Best Live Act award at the 2005 South By Southwest Music Conference.
"Lie Lover Lie" (2005–2009).
The 2005 single "Do I Have Your Attention?" on Loog Records was a UK radio hit, and the "Say Yes" single released later that year on UK's City Rockers charted in the country's top fifty. Shortly afterward, the Blood Arm signed to the record label City Rockers/Because and released their second album "Lie Lover Lie" in October 2006. It received many positive reviews with "The Guardian" giving it 5/5, "NME" giving it 8/10, and Artrocker calling it "the best debut album of the year."
The breakout single "Suspicious Character (I Like All the Girls and All the Girls Like Me)" quickly became an indie disco hit. The band also recorded a bilingual French and English version of "Do I Have Your Attention?" with French pop star Anaïs. The collaboration was a hit in France and led to performances on the French music television show "Taratata".
The band's record label City Rockers folded after the release, leaving the band unable to follow up the release of "Lie Lover Lie" in time to capitalize on its momentum. According to Fregoso, "we were left in this weird middle space. It's incredibly confusing being on offshoots of major labels."
"All My Love Songs" and "Turn and Face Me" (2009–2011).
In 2010, the band released the EP "All My Love Songs" on Snowhite Records. Their third full-length album "Turn and Face Me" was released by Snowhite Records on 4 July 2011.
"Turn and Face Me" received generally positive reviews. In their 8/10 review, "Punk Rock ist nicht tot" described the album as "bubbly, infectious, inventive pop" and "fun with a capital 'F'." "Q Magazine" called "Turn and Face Me" "playfully knowing indie rock that could almost be a collision between The Scots and The Boomtown Rats", though the album also drew comparisons with Roxy Music, Kevin Rowland and the Doors.
The band promoted the album with a lengthy European tour, beginning and eventually culminating in Germany. The promotional tour included an appearance on "Berlin Live" on ZDF (a popular music show from Berlin) alongside Art Brut and dEUS.
Berlin.
2011 also saw Fregoso and Valdés relocate to Berlin, Germany, followed a year later by Carlisle. According to Fregoso, the move was inspired by a desire for reinvention. Berlin's storied musical history also played a huge role: says Fregoso, "I wanted to understand why so much great music had come out of Germany and I wanted The Blood Arm to be a part of that tradition."
Drummer Amos did not make the move with them and they were temporarily joined by ex-Rumble Strips drummer Matthew Wheeler.
The band currently reside together in a shared flat in Berlin's Prenzlauer Berg district which they refer to as "HQ".
Fregoso and Valdés spent their first winter in Berlin penning the songs that would become the band's fourth studio album, "Infinite Nights". The pair performed the new songs acoustically on a free "tour" of Berlin's U8 U-Bahn line, stopping at each station to perform a different song.
"Infinite Nights" (2011–2014).
"Infinite Nights" was recorded in a studio in Berlin's seedy Neukölln neighborhood and released on RIP Ben Lee Records on 17 June 2013, and "shows a different shade to the band with half the songs being quieter, more introspective, and reflective" according to "The Vinyl District" which named the Blood Arm the UK Artist of the Week. The album's more mature and introspective sound garnered praise from the music press, with "Q Magazine" likening Fregoso and Valdés to a "modern-day Lou Reed and Moe Tucker" on the melancholy ballad "Torture", proclaiming that the move to Berlin "has done them good: this is the sound of the real Blood Arm stepping up to the mic."
The Blood Arm were selected to participate in a citywide musical project called Lokalhymnen Berlin, in which Berlin-based bands were asked to write an original song about the city. The resulting track and video, "The Invitation", was released on the "Lokalhymnen" CD and DVD compilation on 13 December 2013.
"Kick 'Em in the Sunglasses" (2014–present).
In 2014, the band was joined by drummer Sebastian Völkers and bassist Ferdinand Kumpfmüller, who together form the music production company Mimic.
With the new line-up, the Blood Arm recorded their fifth studio album "Kick 'Em in the Sunglasses" in their own Berlin-based studio. The album was released in February 2016 on Duchess Box Records.
Solo projects.
Valdés co-founded the group Everybody Was in the French Resistance...Now! with singer Eddie Argos of Art Brut, in which the pair wrote responses to popular songs. The album "Fixin' the Charts, Vol. 1", for which she composed all of the music and played the majority of instruments, was released in 2010 on Cooking Vinyl and supported by a worldwide tour. She is also currently the touring keyboard player for the seminal German indie band Die Sterne.
Fregoso released a solo album under the moniker Thee Nathaniel Fregoso &amp; the Bountiful Hearts on Duchess Box Records in 2014. Lead single "Transatlantic Panic Attack" was a radio hit on rock station Flux FM in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="6912932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912932" title="Everett V. Stonequist">
Everett V. Stonequist



</doc>
<doc id="6912935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912935" title="Blood Arm">
Blood Arm



</doc>
<doc id="6912939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912939" title="Siege of Montreal">
Siege of Montreal



</doc>
<doc id="6912944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912944" title="Padri">
Padri

Padri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6912950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912950" title="Signe Marie Brochmann">
Signe Marie Brochmann



</doc>
<doc id="6912951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912951" title="Frances Seward">
Frances Seward



</doc>
<doc id="6912952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912952" title="Erk Russell">
Erk Russell

Erskine "Erk" Russell (July 23, 1926 – September 8, 2006) was an American football, basketball, track and baseball player and coach. He was also the defensive coordinator for the Georgia Bulldogs for seventeen years (1964–1981) and head football coach (1981–1989) of the Georgia Southern Eagles. He was also the head coach at Grady High School in Atlanta, Georgia in the 1950s. He graduated from Auburn University where he earned ten varsity letters. He was the last four-sport letterman in the college's history.
As the first head coach of Georgia Southern Eagles football team after a 40-year dormancy, Russell established a standard of excellence during his tenure, bringing them to three NCAA Division I-AA championships. Under his guidance the Georgia Southern Eagles became the first 15–0 team of the 20th century. His motto was "Just one more time."
Erk Russell was the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame Coach of the Year for 1984–1986; was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1987; inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in 1991; became USA Today's Georgia Coach of the Year and Coach of the Decade for 1989; In 1989, he also became the Chevrolet-CBS Sports I-AA Coach of the Year; and in 1996 he was an Olympic torch bearer for the Atlanta Games.
Russell died in Statesboro, Georgia, on September 8, 2006, following a stroke at age 80. His funeral took place two days later at Paulson Stadium with over 2,000 fans, friends, family, and former players present. His remains were cremated.
Early life.
Russell grew up playing football in Ensley Park and later at Ensley High School. He was a four-sport letterman at Auburn University.
The Junkyard Dawgs.
After talking with a friend, Jimmy Matthews, Erk decided to use the phrase “Junkyard Dawgs” as motivation for his defense after an uncharacteristically poor season in 1974. After Erk received Vince Dooley's okay, Russell called Roger Dancz, the director of Georgia's Redcoat Marching Band, and suggested that if the Bulldogs ever did something good on the field, how about cranking up a few bars of Jim Croce's "Bad, bad Leroy Brown."
From the American Football Coaches Association's Defensive Football Strategies, the chapter penned by Erk defines the Junkyard Dawgs, "By our own definition, a Junkyard Dog is a dog completely dedicated to his task, that of defending his goal line. Further, he is very often a reject (from the offense) or the runt of the litter. Nobody wants him, and he is hungry. We had three walk-ons, four QBs, and three running backs in our original Junkyard Dog starting cast, which averaged 208 pounds across the front. In short, a Junkyard Dog is one who must stretch and strain all of his potential just to survive. Then he can think about being good."
Georgia went 9-3 in 1975 and brought home the third SEC title for Dooley in 1976.
During the 17 years that Erk served as Georgia Bulldogs' defensive coordinator, the 'Dawgs played 192 games and held the opposition to 17 or fewer points in 135 of them. In 74 of those contests, the defense kept the other team's scoring in the single digits, including 27 shutouts. Coach Russell's Georgia defenses allowed more than 28 points just 18 times in 17 seasons.
The Godfather of Soul, James Brown, even recorded "Dooley's Junkyard Dawgs", and belted out the tune during the half time of the Florida-Georgia game in the Gator Bowl Stadium.
Player communication.
Russell was notorious for his communication and motivational nature among his players. He was known for sending out calendars to his players over the summer, reminding them to be in shape for the start of practice and suggesting a humorous workout regimen that would include entries such as: "Run three miles, hate Georgia Tech four times."
He also came up with all sorts of folksy sayings that somehow seemed to work on the younger generation. Russell was the one who coined the phrase "Junkyard Dawgs" for Georgia's undersized defense. He came up with T-shirts that had "TEAM" printed in large letters and "me" in small letters. And he always told his players, "If we score, we may win. If they never score, we'll never lose." Erk Russell other inspirational quotes consist of, "The best way to win a game is not to lose it." and "The brotherhood of football ... is the strongest brotherhood known to man as far as I'm concerned."
During a road game at Georgia Tech, Coach Russell saw a Yellow Jacket trainer in a sweatshirt reading "G.T.A.A."---"Georgia Tech Athletic Association"---and came up with the idea of rearranging the letters to produce a memorable slogan: "G.A.T.A."---"Get After Their Asses".
Perhaps the most lasting impression was Russell ramming his bald dome into a helmeted player to celebrate a turnover or key play, leaving his forehead drenched in blood.
Coach Russell was a master motivator who did not forget that, as someone who molded young men in a university setting, he was a teacher first and foremost. He passed along life lessons, and not just defensive techniques, to his players and he knew how to get his message across to them.
While Vince Dooley was still contemplating the dismissal of several Bulldogs after the infamous hog incident of 1980, Coach Russell was the one who saw how it could be used to bring the team together. When Len Bias died of an overdose in 1986; as head coach of Georgia Southern, Coach Russell conveyed the dangers of drug use by throwing a rattlesnake on the floor in a team meeting to make sure his analogy would be remembered.
The Miracle Worker.
Russell appeared in line to take over as Georgia's head coach when Dooley got a lucrative offer from Auburn, their alma mater. But Dooley decided to stay at Georgia, and Russell was lured to what was then Georgia Southern College to restart a program dormant for 40 years. After three years as a club team, Russell led the program into Division I-AA in 1984.
Russell was forced to build the program with a shoestring budget. There was not enough money for game and practice pants, so Russell's Eagles were forced to use their white practice pants as their game pants as well. He bought solid blue helmets and had his players put a stripe of tape down the middle. With no money for transportation to home games, the Eagles had to make do with surplus school buses bought from Bulloch County for only a dollar apiece.
Despite such hardships, Russell didn't take long to turn the Eagles into a powerhouse. In only their second year of existence, the Eagles won the national title. They would add two more under Russell's watch, in 1986 and 1989. Paul Johnson, future head coach of Georgia Southern, Navy, and Georgia Tech, served as offensive coordinator for the first two championship teams. Len Gravelson handled the defense, although Russell was arguably the man in charge. Both men would leave following the 1986 championship. Russell's bald head, coupled with the fact that he coached the Eagles, gave him the nickname "The Bald Eagle".
After the Eagles moved to Division I-AA in 1984, he fashioned a 70–14 (.825) mark. Russell averaged 10.4 wins per season. He entered the 1989 season as America's winningest coach, orchestrator of two national championships, 68 wins and 14 All-America selections—all during a seven-year period. In the ensuing 105 days, extended Division I's longest home win streak from 26 to 37 games, en route to winning a third national title and becoming the only 15–0 college team of the 20th century. Russell retired after that season with a record of 83–22–1 (.788).
Russell briefly cut his ties with Georgia Southern after head coach Mike Sewak fired his son Rusty from the coaching staff in 2004. In 2006, with the hire of new Head Coach Brian VanGorder, he was reunited with the program. Russell died on the morning of September 8, 2006, after suffering a stroke while driving his car near his Statesboro home. Russell had addressed the football team on the night prior to his death.
Posthumously.
Georgia Southern University and thousands of friends, family, and fans gathered at Paulson Stadium to mourn the passing of Erk Russell, one of America's most exciting and successful college football coaches. The cause of death was a stroke while pulling out of a gas station (The Country Store) on the west side of Statesboro off of Cypress Lake Road. He frequented the store daily and was commonly seen there daily playing scratch off lotto tickets and smoking a cigar while sitting at a table with friends. He greeted fellow customers with a friendly smile and handshake that some say was much stronger than a man his age should have had. It was told that he frequented the store so much that the owners let him answer the phone.
Victory cigars.
Cigars were a staple of Erk Russell's image. Russell claimed that his favorite brand of cigars were "OPs", which he joked stood for "other people's". He made a point to smoke a cigar after every Eagle victory that he was involved in. Eagle fans around the U.S. are known to celebrate in the same manner as a tribute to Russell.
Memorials.
In honor of Russell, Georgia Southern University renamed the area encompassing Allen E. Paulson Stadium, the Gene Bishop Field House, Cowart Building and the soccer and track stadium "Erk Russell Athletic Park." Furthermore, a bronze bust and statue of Russell are now displayed at the stadium.
In 2007, the Georgia General Assembly passed a resolution which included the designation of a section of State Route 26 coming into Statesboro as the "Erk Russell Highway."
Books.
Russell co-authored two books:

</doc>
<doc id="6912962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912962" title="Régis Fuchs">
Régis Fuchs

Régis Fuchs (born April 6, 1970, in Porrentruy, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey winger.
Records.
Régis Fuchs is the only player to have participated in 8 NLA playoff final series.
International play.
Régis Fuchs played a total of 22 games for Swiss national team.
Family.
Fuchs has two sons who are currently playing hockey in Switzerland. Jason Fuchs (born September 14, 1995) plays for Lausanne HC in the Swiss National League, Robin Fuchs (born June 14, 1997) plays for CP Fleurier in the SwissDiv2.

</doc>
<doc id="6912963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912963" title="The Look '95">
The Look '95



</doc>
<doc id="6912967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912967" title="The Maccabees (band)">
The Maccabees (band)

The Maccabees are an English indie rock band, formed in 2004 in London. They released four albums: "Colour It In" in 2007, followed by "Wall of Arms" in 2009, "Given to the Wild" which was released on 9 January 2012 and their last album "Marks to Prove It" released on 31 July 2015. The band announced that they decided to disband in August 2016, with farewell gigs in 2017.
On 25 October 2024, it was announced that the band were reuniting.
Name.
The band came up with the name by flicking through books, including the Bible, and looking at names. Despite adopting a name with perceived religious connotations, lead singer Orlando Weeks has more recently affirmed, in an interview on Steve Lamacq's BBC 6 Music show, that none of the band is religious.
Music career.
2007–2009: "Colour It In".
Their debut single, "X-Ray", was released on Promise records on 28 November 2005, and received some evening play on London radio station Xfm London. They received little significant exposure, however, until six months later, when they released their second single, "Latchmere", the subject of which is the wave machine at the Latchmere Leisure Centre in Battersea, South London, on Fierce Panda Records in April 2006. This was championed by Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and received airtime on MTV2. The video, directed by Hugh Frost and Samuel Bebbington, also proved an internet hit after it was posted on YouTube. They had their first taste of festivals by playing on the Carling stage of the Leeds/Reading festival in 2006.
The band were signed to major label Fiction Records, and released their debut album "Colour It In" in May 2007. Because an early copy of the album appeared on the "New York Times" website, "Colour It In" became available to download exclusively from iTunes on 16 December, before its physical release on 14 May, in an effort to combat the leak. The single "First Love" was their first to chart in the UK top 40, and was followed by "About Your Dress", which peaked at No. 33. Their album received positive reviews, and charted at No. 24. They then toured the United States with fellow indie group Bloc Party. A full UK tour followed from October 2007, culminating in a sell-out show at the Roundhouse venue in London.
2009–2010: "Wall of Arms".
On the run-up to the release of their second album, the band played two new songs to Steve Lamacq on his "In New Music We Trust" show on Radio 1 in May 2008, "No Kind Words" and "Young Lions". The band also played a string of small venues in the UK to test out new songs, in March and April 2008. The Maccabees performed at Offset Festival in London as well the Underage Festival in August 2008.
On Zane Lowe's Radio 1 show in February 2009, Felix confirmed the name of the follow-up album to be "Wall of Arms", an announcement that coincided with the release of the free downloadable track, "No Kind Words". On 16 March, Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq played the band's first single from "Wall of Arms" entitled Love You Better, the video to which was posted exclusively on ClashMusic.com on 27 March.
"Wall of Arms" was released on 4 May 2009. It entered the UK albums chart at No. 13 and received positive reviews with the "NME" giving the album 8/10. At the end of the year, "Artrocker" made the album joint No.1 Album of 2009 along with Yeah Yeah Yeahs' "It's Blitz!".
In July 2009, second single "Can You Give It" was released. The Maccabees invited the Dodworth Colliery Band of Barnsley to record a rousing brass version of the single for the B-side. "The Guardian" interviewed Orlando and Felix during the recording session. The accompanying video for "Can You Give It" was filmed at the famous Coopers Hill annual cheese rolling race in Gloucestershire.
Other performances in 2009 include Reading and Leeds Festivals on 28 and 29 August respectively and Little Noise Sessions on 16 November.
On 3 October 2009, the five-piece band played a gig at Brixton Academy to finish off their "Wall of Arms" tour. The band pulled in a huge crowd for their homecoming show at the O2, as well as a brass section for many of their songs as they performed their entire 2009 album and a host of tracks from their 2007 debut "Colour It In". During the set Felix White declared the Academy as 'the best venue in the world'. "The Guardian" ran a five star live review of the gig.
In November 2009, The Maccabees collaborated with rapper Roots Manuva on a heady re-working of "Wall of Arms" album track and live favourite "No Kind Words". The track, newly titled "Empty Vessels", features new lyrics and vocals from fellow south Londoner Roots. It was debuted on Zane Lowe's evening show on Radio One on 11 November. The single release of "Empty Vessels" was made available on iTunes from 24 November 2009 on Fiction Records.
The Maccabees were named as headlines for the Shockwaves NME Awards Tour 2010 with Bombay Bicycle Club, The Big Pink and The Drums in February 2010.
2012–2013: "Given to the Wild".
The Maccabees debuted new song "Child" in Brighton in August 2010, as well as playing the Main Stage at the Reading &amp; Leeds festival 2010, debuting new song titled "Forever I've Known", displaying what seems to be a darker, deeper sound for the band.
They played new songs "Child", "Feel to Follow", "Pelican", "Ayla", "Went Away", "Forever I've Known" and "Grew Up at Midnight" at The Wedgewood Rooms, Portsmouth on 8 August 2011.
On 4 October 2011, the band announced via their blog that their third album, "Given to the Wild", would be released on 9 January 2012.
The first single from the album was "Pelican", it was first played on 15 November 2011 on BBC Radio 1 by Zane Lowe. It was released on 9 January 2012 to very favourable reviews, it currently holds a score of 72 on Metacritic.
At the 58th Ivor Novello Awards, held at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London on 16 May 2013, "Pelican" won Best Contemporary Song.
The album was at No. 1 on the midweek chart update, at the end of the week it debuted No. 4 on the UK Album Chart, the highest Maccabees release to date there.
On 12 September 2012, the album was nominated for the 2012 Mercury Prize. On 24 October 2012, the album was certified gold in the UK.
In 2015 their song "Grew Up at Midnight" was featured in the film "Steve Jobs".
2014–2017: "Marks to Prove It" and Disbanding.
In 2013 The Maccabees announced in an "NME" article that they were hoping to release a fourth album in early 2014. However, in January 2014 in another article with "NME", guitarist Felix White stated, "We started the record at the beginning of 2013. We went into the studio with the idea that it was going to be finished by now. And we've finished two songs. We've got a lot of songs but every time you write something new, it raises the standard." Frontman Orlando Weeks added, "we haven't really come across the songs that set the tone or mood for this record yet, we're kind of shooting in the dark. But I like that: there isn't a specific thing I'm trying to funnel stuff into."
In March 2015, it was announced that The Maccabees were going to release new single "Marks To Prove It" on 11 May through Fiction Records. In May 2015, the band confirmed that "Marks To Prove It" would feature eleven tracks. The album was recorded in the band's studio in Elephant and Castle and pays tribute to the area.
On 18 May, the band announced that the album would be released on 31 July 2015. "Something Like Happiness" was released as the second single and streamed by the band on 11 June. It was released on 31 July, to coincide with the album.
In August 2016, the band released a statement stating that "After 14 years as a band we have decided to call it a day", with farewell shows to follow in summer 2017.
After the break-up and reunion.
For the first time in January 2018, the founding member and the producer for Maccabees, Hugo White, talked of his memorable time working with the Maccabees and his life as a music producer after the Maccabees disbanded.
On 17 August 2023, Felix White and Hugo White unveiled their first single, "Worn Out Buildings," as part of their new musical project, 86TVs. Band members included their younger brother, Will, and the drummer Jamie Morrison, known for his previous work with the bands Noisettes and Stereophonics. In June 2023, they signed with Parlophone Records.
On 23 October 2024, the band deleted previous social media posts and updated their logo, prompting speculation from fans and press of a reunion. Their website was updated with the new logo and a link to sign up to their mailing list for updates. The band confirmed their reunion on 28 October with the announcement that they would be headlining All Points East festival on 24 August 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="6912976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912976" title="Church law">
Church law



</doc>
<doc id="6912977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912977" title="Nandi, Kenya">
Nandi, Kenya



</doc>
<doc id="6912980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912980" title="Mega channel">
Mega channel



</doc>
<doc id="6912988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912988" title="Peter Shapiro (journalist)">
Peter Shapiro (journalist)

Peter Shapiro (August 22, 1969 – July 2, 2025) was an American lawyer and music journalist. He wrote several reference works on music genres including Disco and Hip-hop, before moving into practice focusing on media law.
Life and career.
Shapiro had written for "Spin", "URB", "Music Week", "Uncut", "Vibe", "The Wire" and "The Times". He has written a number of Rough Guide reference works focused on music genres. These include "The Rough Guide to Drum N' Bass" in 1999 and "The Rough Guide to Soul and R 'n' B", which was published in 2006. His 2005 book, "The Rough Guide to Hip-Hop", has been cited as an "important" reference source on the subject, with entries that are "comprehensive and commendable".
After a decade in music journalism Shapiro moved into law. As of 2024 he specialized in media law and intellectual property, working for the BakerHostetler law firm.
Turn the Beat Around: The Secret History of Disco.
In 2005 Shapiro authored the book "Turn the Beat Around: The Secret History of Disco" which charted the history of the Disco genre including from the Swingjugend of Nazi Germany and the Zazous of France, to how the repetitive beats "opened the doors to techno, house and hip-hop". It received positive critical reception, which included a review in The Observer that highlighted how the book rehabilitates the "dinosaur" that is Disco, and Gary Lachman of The Guardian stated he "put down the book knowing a great deal more about disco than I ever wanted to".
Death.
After a two year battle with cancer, Shapiro died on July 2, 2025, at the age of 55.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6912989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912989" title="The last poets">
The last poets



</doc>
<doc id="6912994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6912994" title="The Double Jinx Mytery">
The Double Jinx Mytery



</doc>
<doc id="6913001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913001" title="Antonina Milyukova">
Antonina Milyukova



</doc>
<doc id="6913002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913002" title="Juris utriusque doctor">
Juris utriusque doctor



</doc>
<doc id="6913003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913003" title="First Harvest 1984–92">
First Harvest 1984–92

First Harvest 1984–92 is a greatest-hits compilation by Alphaville.
The cassette version of "First Harvest" omits "Sensations", "Red Rose" and "Big in Japan" (Culture mix).

</doc>
<doc id="6913008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913008" title="Doctor juris utriusque">
Doctor juris utriusque



</doc>
<doc id="6913013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913013" title="DUJ">
DUJ

DUJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6913014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913014" title="DJU">
DJU



</doc>
<doc id="6913015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913015" title="Candie Payne">
Candie Payne

Candice "Candie" Payne (born 19 December 1981) is an English singer and songwriter. She released her debut album, "I Wish I Could Have Loved You More", on Deltasonic in May 2007. She is the sister of singer/songwriter Howie Payne, former frontman of band the Stands, and Sean Payne, former drummer of the Zutons.
Early life.
Payne was born in Liverpool in 1981. Aged four, her family relocated to New York City before moving back when Payne was 10. Initially shunning music, Payne pursued a career in visual art, attending art college and working in a vintage clothing shop in Liverpool city centre. However, Payne became disenchanted with her studies and, after performing with a friend's band, exchanged her interest for music.
Career.
Candie Payne originally began performing with Liverpool band Tramp Attack and Edgar Jones &amp; the Joneses in the early 2000s. She was then introduced to Simon Dine of Noonday Underground with whom she began composing songs.
In 2006, Payne release two singles, "By Tomorrow" and "Take Me". These preceded her debut album, "I Wish I Could Have Loved You More", which was released in May 2007. The single version of "One More Chance", produced by Mark Ronson, followed in September of that year.
In November 2007, "The Times Magazine" looked ahead to Liverpool's year as the European City of Culture in 2008 by featuring Payne on its cover alongside Liverpudlian singer Cilla Black and Abi Harding of the Zutons, who was engaged to Payne's brother Sean – "How Liverpool got its mojo back".
In December 2007, she sang a version of "Oh My God" with Mark Ronson and Ricky Wilson on "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross". Soon after this appearance, Ronson asked Payne to appear on his 'Version' tour in 2008. The tour covered the UK, Europe and the US and major festivals including the Glastonbury festival, Global Gathering and the Montreux Jazz Festival. Payne says it "was an incredible opportunity and I gained so much experience from it.
Style.
Payne sings 60s-inspired pop. Soul singers Minnie Riperton and Roberta Flack are among her influences. Her pet hate is 'over-singing'."

</doc>
<doc id="6913017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913017" title="Keowee (Cherokee town)">
Keowee (Cherokee town)



</doc>
<doc id="6913018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913018" title="Grevillea miniata">
Grevillea miniata

Grevillea miniata, commonly known as sandstone grevillea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to north-western Australia. It is a spreading to erect shrub or small tree with more or less oblong leaves and bright yellow to orange and bright red flowers with a yellow style.
Description.
"Grevillea miniata" is a spreading to erect shrub or tree that typically grows to a height of . Its leaves are more or less oblong, long and wide with 9 to 25, usually sharply pointed teeth. The lower surface of the leaves is covered with slightly felty hairs. The flowers are arranged in leaf axils in clusters on a rachis long and are bright yellow and deep green at first, later orange or deep yellow and bright red as the flowers open, the style yellow and the pistil long and hairy. Flowering occurs from April to August, and the fruit is an oblong to oval follicle long.
Taxonomy.
"Grevillea miniata" was first formally described in 1918 by William Vincent Fitzgerald in "Journal and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Western Australia" from specimens he collected in the Lady Forrest Range. The specific epithet ("miniata") means "flame scarlet".
Distribution and habitat.
This grevillea grows in shrubland or woodland in rocky places or low hills from the southern end of the Wunaamin Miliwundi Ranges to the Bungle Bungle Range in Western Australia and scattered locations in the north of the Northern Territory.
Conservation status.
"Grevillea miniata" is listed as "Priority Four" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions, meaning that it is rare or near threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="6913026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913026" title="Fordingbridge railway station">
Fordingbridge railway station

Fordingbridge was a railway station serving Fordingbridge, a small town in Hampshire. It was one of many casualties of the mass closure of British railway lines in the 1960s and 1970s. The line was officially closed on 4 May 1964, but as there was no Sunday service the last trains ran on the 2nd. It was served by the Salisbury and Dorset Junction Railway, a line running north–south, along the River Avon just to the west of the New Forest, connecting Salisbury to the North and Poole to the south, meeting the Southampton and Dorchester Railway at West Moors.
Today, the road leading out of Fordingbridge to Sandleheath village is still called Station Road; however, the spot where the station once stood is now occupied by a large mill and industrial park. Ashford Road is where the railway cottages are, the road joins onto Station Road.

</doc>
<doc id="6913030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913030" title="Eugène Schaus">
Eugène Schaus

Eugène Schaus (12 May 1901 – 29 March 1978) was a Luxembourgish politician and jurist. Schaus was a leading light in the early days of the Democratic Party, of which he would be President from 1952 until 1959.
Schaus held office in a number of governments, under Pierre Dupong and Pierre Werner, over a period of thirty years. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister, a position created especially for Schaus, in Werner's first government. He would serve in this capacity again (1969–1974), as well as holding a number of other high offices.
Career.
An experienced lawyer, Schaus was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1937, in which he served until 1940, when the country was occupied by Nazi Germany and the Chamber was suspended. Having refused to swear allegiance to the occupying forces, Eugene Schaus, his wife and their three children spent most of the war in German deportation camps in Eastern Europe, and returned only at the end of the war. He was the Group for Patriotism and Democracy member of the National Union Government, as Minister for the Interior, and was elected at the next election, in 1945. He would remain in the Chamber of Deputies, as either a sitting deputy or a government minister, until 1974.
Schaus was recognised as the foremost liberal politician in 1947 by his inclusion in the Christian Social People's Party-Democratic Group coalition under Pierre Dupong, adding the position of Minister for Justice to that for the Interior. Due to his leadership of the GD into this government, it is known as the 'Dupong-Schaus Ministry'. In 1951, the CSV formed a coalition with the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party, ejecting Schaus from government. The following year, Schaus was elected president of the Democratic Party, succeeding Lucien Dury.
In 1958, a scandal over government corruption allowed Schaus, as opposition leader, to lever himself, and the party (by now renamed the 'Democratic Party') back into government. Schaus alleged that the government had been offered a bribe by a contractor; whilst refusing it and eliminating the company from the list of bidders, the attempted bribe was not reported within the required window, and the government collapsed. The general election held the following year, the Democratic Party almost doubled its share of seats, and replaced the LSAP in the governing coalition that was formed after the election and the death of Prime Minister Pierre Frieden.

</doc>
<doc id="6913032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913032" title="Isunigu (Cherokee town)">
Isunigu (Cherokee town)



</doc>
<doc id="6913033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913033" title="Project Gotham Racing 4">
Project Gotham Racing 4

Project Gotham Racing 4 is a 2007 racing video game developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Microsoft Game Studios. The fourth main title of the "Project Gotham Racing" series, it was released exclusively for the Xbox 360 in October 2007. New features included weather effects, Bulldog mode, and the inclusion of motorcycles. Like its predecessors, "PGR4" was a critical and commercial success, however it would be the final title in the series, with Bizarre having since been acquired by Activision, and announcing that "Project Gotham Racing 4" would be their last game produced for distribution by Microsoft Game Studios.
Gameplay.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" includes many of the tracks of the series' previous installment, including Tokyo, New York, the Nürburgring, London and Las Vegas; plus five more cities and tracks: Shanghai, St. Petersburg, Quebec City, Macau and the Michelin Test Track.
The most prominent addition to "Project Gotham Racing 4" is advanced weather effects that affect the look of the game and the physics of the cars on the track. The weather can change from sun to rain to snow to hail within a single race. A system logged on to Xbox Live will download weather data from The Weather Channel, allowing users to set in-game conditions to mirror current weather in their respective cities.
The game simulates ten types of weather, including clear days, clouds, light to stormy rain, fog, snow and even ice. In user-created races, weather is fully customisable along with all the other race variations. In the game's expanded and improved career mode, weather is predetermined, which adds an extra obstacle for players to overcome.
Online components.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" introduced a new online game mode, called "Bulldog". One player starts out as the Bulldog, whose job is to tag every other opponent in the game, thus creating new bulldogs as they go. This mode is played in an open section of a city, allowing the players to turn on to any street they want. Both cars and bikes are allowed to play in this mode simultaneously.
"PGR Nations" was launched with the release of the game. Players connected to Xbox Live would race on behalf of a certain country and their average statistics would be added to the total of their country's through a leaderboard.
Vehicles.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" features more than 130 vehicles, including the newly introduced motorcycles.
The game marks a return to the car balance of "Project Gotham Racing 2", with cars ranging from low-performance hatchbacks to high-performance supercars. "Project Gotham Racing 3" emphasized supercars and special models, but did have a few high-performance production cars.
"Geometry Wars: Waves".
The game debuted with a bonus mini-game "Geometry Wars: Waves", which would later be included in "".
Along with an ad campaign Microsoft also released various promotional items, the biggest being "Project Gotham Racing Mobile" which contained a code that unlocked a sneak peek trailer via the "Project Gotham Racing 3" website.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" was included as part of the Xbox 360 Live 12 Month Messenger Gold Pack, which included the game, a 12-month Xbox Live Gold subscription card, a wired headset, and a chat pad controller attachment.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features 57 songs from a number of different genres. In-game options allows players to switch off particular genres or songs to create a custom playlist of the available songs. A song, called "The Shadow", was exclusively written and performed by The Prodigy and was remixed by Chris Chudley from Audioantics. It plays on the game menus and credits. It dynamically changes when the player moves along different menus in-game.
As with the prior entry in the series, "PGR 4" features engine and exhaust sounds recorded on a dyno from actual cars. Tire noise is reproduced in three distinct bands providing feedback for when the car begins to lose traction, down to which tire is skidding.
Development and release.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" was accidentally leaked by a Peugeot press release for a competition for a car designed by a contestant to be featured in the game before the announcement by Bizarre Creations. The competition was won by Mihai Panaitescu with the Peugeot Flux.
Shortly after, the game was confirmed at X06, with a trailer titled "Eclipse" shown. The trailer was made available to download on the Xbox Live Marketplace. The car featured in the trailer is a Ferrari 599 GTB Fiorano. The song in the trailer is "Shadow" by The Prodigy remixed by Chris Chudley from Audioantics.
Microsoft announced at the 2007 E3 that "Project Gotham Racing 4" would be released in September 2007. Bizarre subsequently said that game wouldn't be released "until it's done" citing reasons that they had spent a substantial amount of money and time on the game: "We feel like we've got more time [on "Project Gotham Racing 4"]. Last time round, we feel like we got the game ripped away from us", said Brian Woodhouse of Bizarre Creations. 
Microsoft re-released the game under its "Classics" banner on 20 March 2009.
Downloadable content.
Two new downloadable content packs were released on February 14, 2008. The two packs add a total of ten new achievements to the game. In late 2012, Microsoft removed all "PGR4" downloadable content from the Xbox Live Marketplace, and there are no plans to reinstate it.
"Free Challenge Pack".
The "Free Challenge Pack" introduces the hydrogen-powered 2007 Peugeot Flux, winner of the 2007 Peugeot International Design Competition and two new game modes – Tourist Mode, which allows the player to roam around any city in the game, and Free Roam Cat and Mouse where a slow mouse vehicle must avoid enemy cats. Tourist mode is only available in 'Multiplayer' and online with at least one other 'friend'.
"Premium Challenge Pack".
The "Premium PGR 4 Challenge Pack" adds seven new cars and three new bikes. It also adds the World Challenge Arcade Mode which is 20 new arcade events. From 9–16 March 2009, the pack was included as part of Xbox LIVE's Deal of the Week promotion where the pack was temporarily available to Gold members at a discounted price.
Reception.
Critical.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" received "generally favourable" reviews according to video game review aggregator website Metacritic.
"Official Xbox Magazine UK" gave the game a perfect ten, 1UP.com gave it an A−, and "Edge" and "VideoGamer.com" both gave it 9 out of 10. TeamXbox gave the game an 8.4, citing that it was more of "the same" and that Bizarre should move on to bigger and better things. "Game Informer" gave it an 8.75, stating that the game "has blown its own doors off and finally grown from being a bite-sized, almost niche racer into a full-fledged experience that all racing fanatics should enjoy."
Sales.
"Project Gotham Racing 4" received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
Accolades.
During the 11th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards, the Academy of Interactive Arts &amp; Sciences nominated "Project Gotham Racing 4" for "Racing Game of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="6913034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913034" title="PGR4">
PGR4



</doc>
<doc id="6913036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913036" title="Iuliu Popper">
Iuliu Popper



</doc>
<doc id="6913039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913039" title="King's Place">
King's Place



</doc>
<doc id="6913043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913043" title="Sugartown (Cherokee town)">
Sugartown (Cherokee town)



</doc>
<doc id="6913044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913044" title="Alphaville Amiga Compilation">
Alphaville Amiga Compilation



</doc>
<doc id="6913045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913045" title="Survey of Modern US Hand Grenades">
Survey of Modern US Hand Grenades



</doc>
<doc id="6913049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913049" title="Wzgórze Św. Maksymiliana">
Wzgórze Św. Maksymiliana



</doc>
<doc id="6913052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913052" title="White-winged parakeet">
White-winged parakeet

The white-winged parakeet (Brotogeris versicolurus), or canary-winged parakeet is a small parrot native to the Amazon River basin from southeast Colombia to the rivers mouth in Brazil. Caged birds have been released and the birds have established self-sustaining populations in Lima, Peru, Los Angeles, and Miami, Florida areas of the United States, and in Puerto Rico. They were also present in San Francisco, California until the mid-2000s. Although feral birds are showing some recent declines as nesters in the United States, they seem to be doing well in their native habitat.
Description.
The white-winged parakeet typically is 22 cm in length, and is mostly green in color. It has a trailing yellow edge on its folded wings. Its most distinguished characteristic is the white wing patches most noticed when the bird is in flight. It is closely related to the yellow-chevroned parakeet, and the two have often been considered conspecific.
Behaviour.
In captivity, these are charming birds that often have a close relationship with their human handlers. They enjoy spending time in physical contact with their owners, often riding around on shoulders or nesting in hair. They can have loud calls when not within sight of their "flock", but are generally quiet, otherwise. They are adept climbers and enjoy a myriad of challenges. They are a very adaptable species and are less picky than others about their available food options. They are not the strongest talkers, but are adept whistlers.
Food and feeding.
The white-winged parakeet feeds mostly on fruit and seeds in its native habitat, and feral populations have adapted to take in blossoms and nectar. Feral birds also come to bird feeders. Wild birds primarily use disturbed forest and forest clearings around settlements. They rarely use deep tropical forest.
In captivity, a pelleted or seed diet is acceptable, supplemented with fresh fruits and vegetables and freshly sprouted seeds.
Breeding.
The white-winged parakeet usually finds a hole in a tree in which to nest. It may also take over termite tunnels and excavate them for their own purposes.
Clutches usually consist of three to five white eggs, which hatch after about 26 days of incubation. Young fledge between six and seven weeks of age, and are fully weaned around nine weeks. After raising their young, all birds form rather large communal roosts until the next breeding season.

</doc>
<doc id="6913054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913054" title="Frances Adeline Miller Seward">
Frances Adeline Miller Seward



</doc>
<doc id="6913056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913056" title="Moscow Music Conservatory">
Moscow Music Conservatory



</doc>
<doc id="6913058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913058" title="Latex and PVC fetishism (Gomaphilia)">
Latex and PVC fetishism (Gomaphilia)



</doc>
<doc id="6913063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913063" title="Second Russian invasion of Chechnya">
Second Russian invasion of Chechnya



</doc>
<doc id="6913065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913065" title="The Bishops">
The Bishops

The Bishops are a British indie rock band from London, England, who formed in 2002. The band has released three albums.
History.
Early years.
The band formed in 2002 when twins Mike and Pete Bishop met drummer Chris Mcconville while working at 'The Kings Head', a pub close to the local YMCA in Barbican where they were living at the time. The band gigged regularly on the London scene during between 2002 and 2005, and would often play with bands associated with Chelsea College of Art which bassist Pete Bishop attended as an undergraduate. The early sound of the band was rooted in punk and rock and roll but would later develop a harmony vocal sound that was inspired by early 1960s influences. This would become a distinctive trademark of the band as well as their monochrome matching suits that would often be a talking point in interviews. The band met manager Grant Box in 2005 during this development in their sound and look and would later record a self-released single called "I Don't Really Know What To Say". On one occasion the single was played on XFM by John Kennedy prior to Paul McCartney's appearance on the program. During this period the band played with acts such as Billy Childish, Vincent Vincent and the Villains and Neil's Children which would help build up interest around the group.
"The Bishops".
The eponymous album was recorded at Toe Rag Studios in London and produced by Liam Watson. It was an all analogue production recorded on tape. The Bishops first came to the attention of Liam Watson at a gig at The Social on Little Portland Street. 1234 records signed the band in 2006 and recording started on their first single "The Only Place I Can Look is Down". The album was released internationally across Europe and Japan in 2007. The band toured and promoted the album extensively. The band was supported by acts such as: The Enemy, Glasvegas, Reverend and the Makers and Laura Marling. During this period the band supported: The Fratellis, the Rakes, Jamie T, Plan B and Little Barrie. The band would feature at festivals such as: Bestival, Lovebox, 1234 festival, Tapestry, Trans musicales (France) and Frequency festival (Austria). The record gained support from XFM, BBC Radio 2, BBC 6 Music, Le Mouv (France), Virgin (Italy), FM4 (Austria) as well as making various TV appearances in Europe and Japan. The band featured in numerous newspapers and magazines including "Rolling Stone", "NME", "Esquire", "Dazed &amp; Confused", "The Guardian", and getting 'disques de mois' (album of the month) in French magazine "Rock and Folk". Opening track "Menace About Town" featured on the BBC's "Dragon's Den".
"For Now".
"For Now" was the second album recorded by The Bishops. The album was recorded at London's Bark studios by Brian O'Shaughnessy and the album continued in the harmony driven vein of the group's debut. It was released internationally in 2009. Opening track "City Lights" became number 1 on the playlist for Berlin's Radio eins station and the album found the band promoting and touring the album extensively, leading to a special event the band created to celebrate their 500th gig at the 100 club. During the album's release the group played at the Benicassim festival (Spain) on the main stage alongside Oasis and also supported James Blunt in the UK and Europe. They also featured on mainstream TV programmes such as the Niels Roff show (Germany) and Starmag (France).
"Sojourn".
At the end of 2009 younger brother Alex Bishop joined the band which created a wholesale change of musical style for the group. The 'Sojourn' EP was the result of this, drawing inspiration from odd meter, polyrhythmic structures and modal jazz. The title of the album was inspired in part by short trips the band would make to places in Europe for various gigs or short tours, as well as by the length of the EP, which was itself a 'sojourn' of 5 tracks.
"All Lost Time".
Following on from the new musical direction of "Sojourn", the band started work on a third album to expand on the same themes. Titled "All Lost Time", the album was in part produced and recorded by Mark Sutherland and Cherif Hasizume at Cafe Music studios in Bow, East London. During this period Alex Bishop decided to leave the band to pursue his work as a guitar luthier. He no longer plays live with the band and the group are back to their original three piece line up. The band played a special release gig at the Sebright Arms in Hackney, to launch the release of the album. A special video with 2500 illustrations was made for the single 'Polygonn'. This became a ‘staff pick’ on infamous videomaker website Vimeo. Each vinyl edition of the album came with an original illustration from the video inserted in each copy, making each one unique.

</doc>
<doc id="6913066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913066" title="June Afternoon">
June Afternoon

"June Afternoon" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette, released in January 1996 as the second single from their second greatest hits compilation album, "Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! Roxette's Greatest Hits" (1995). The single was only released in Europe, Australia, and Canada, peaking at number one in the Czech Republic and within the top 40 in numerous territories. Its accompanying music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund.
Written by Per Gessle, the song was predominantly recorded by members of Gyllene Tider, Gessle's former band. The single was backed by the previously unreleased demo "Seduce Me", which was written by Marie Fredriksson and Gessle for the duo's 1991 album, "Joyride". It was later included on the 2006 release of "The Rox Box/Roxette 86-06".
Critical reception.
Brendon Veevers from British webzine "Renowned for Sound" noted that "its lyrics are playful and its vibe is sweet bubblegum and sunshine."
Track listings.
All songs are written by Per Gessle except "Seduce Me", music by Marie Fredriksson and Gessle; "Listen to Your Heart" music by Gessle and Mats MP Persson.
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "The Pop Hits".
Recording
Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6913068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913068" title="U;Nee">
U;Nee

Heo Yun (; born Lee Hye-ryeon (), May 3, 1981 – January 21, 2007), best known professionally as U;Nee (), was a South Korean singer, rapper, dancer and actress. She made her debut as a singer with her first album "U;Nee Code" (2003).
U;Nee died by suicide on January 21, 2007, at age 25.
Early life.
U;Nee was born as Lee Hye-ryeon in Incheon, South Korea. She had a difficult childhood and was born to an unwed mother. Her father died when she was young and she was raised by her grandmother as result.
As a child, she was known to be a very good student during her elementary school years, but later in high school, U;nee showed interest in acting and, in general, in show business, thus forming her dream of one day appearing on television and being a star, which her mother opposed. However, U;Nee secretly attended acting classes in academies and participated in numerous castings.
Acting career.
U;Nee initially debuted as an actress under birth name in 1996, getting a role in the KBS teen series called "New Generation Report – Adults Don't Know", where she played a narcissistic teenager. Despite playing a villain, her performance received criticism due to the self-centered nature of the character.
After her debut, U;Nee went on to appear in Korean entertainment programs such as "Super Sunday" on South Korea's KBS2, which helped her gain moderate attention. However, the roles U;Nee received were self-centered and narcissistic like the one in her debut, which formed a negative image on her by people who did not know how to separate the acting from the person.
After these criticisms and added to her role in the movie "Seventeen" which according to her mother had a great impact on her mentally, U;nee decided to take a break from acting and thus set in motion her dream of becoming a singer, taking advantage of the hiatus to take singing and dancing lessons.
Music career.
2003: Debut and U;Nee Code.
On June 12, 2003, U;Nee debuted as a singer with the song "Go" () from her first studio album "U;nee Code". The song was featured in games such as "Pump It Up: Exceed" and "NX2". Throughout this time, U;Nee was busy promoting this song along with her other song "Double Trick" () on music programs as well as appearing on variety programs. However, her appearance in these shows contrasted with U;Nee's shy and quiet personality. This led her to receive malicious comments calling her "fake" and "exaggerated".
U;Nee participated in MBC's "Kang Ho-Dong: Match Made in Heaven". Upon receiving 0 points in the popularity vote among the show's male contestants, she cried on air, leading to backlash. Rumors of plastic surgery began to circulate on online forums, with detractors contrasting childhood photos of her with her current appearance. At this time, a survey of talentless singers was made in which singer Lee Hyori came in first place and U;Nee came in third place, proving that the internet hatred towards U;Nee was unwarranted.
However, U;Nee also received praise for singing live in her performances; she was even praised for live songs that utilized very difficult choreography. This caused U;Nee to form a moderate fanbase.
2005: Image transition, "Call Call Call" and "Passion &amp; Pure – EP".
When U;Nee announced her second album "Call Call Call" (also known as "Passion&amp;Pure" and "U;Nee 2nd Album"), news comments were filled with hurtful remarks such as "don't come back" and comments related to her physical appearance and surgery.
In February 2005, U;Nee released the music video for her song "Call Call Call", which managed to get a lot of attention for its horror concept and the sexy concept of the song. The song achieved some success in the music charts like Melon but this would not be enough to boost the album and its sales due to the hate from netizens.
U;Nee's live singing skills were noticeably affected, showing nervousness compared to the early performances of her first album. This was supposedly due to the hateful comments that affected U;nee and the sexy concept that U;nee was not completely comfortable with because of her reserved and quiet personality. Due to the severe criticism, U;Nee changed the wardrobe of her performances and started promoting the club version of the song, giving a more youthful look away from the sexy image.
She then promoted her album's ballad called "Father", which U;Nee said was a song she felt personal as she felt the lack of growing up without a father. U;nee also appeared on SBS variety program "Happiness in " () with her mother, where they both shed tears and talked about the hateful comments she received, where her mother asked to avoid such comments as U;Nee was a very tender and sensitive person.
Rumors started to circulate that celebrities in the industry preferred to avoid U;Nee because of her bad image, so U;Nee was invited to SBS program "Image Survival" () where it was a program that helped save celebrities' image, far from helping, U;Nee suffered humiliation from the participants, forming an uncomfortable environment for U;Nee. Then, Lee Kyung-kyu made a list of 'celebrities that I would not like my daughter Yerim to become', putting U;nee first, saying that he would not like her daughter to wear revealing clothes and act like that, then U;Nee was focused and her uncomfortable face was really noticeable.
2006: U;Nee in Japan.
In 2006, U;Nee was marketed abroad in Asia. Her debut single, "One", taken from "Call Call Call", was released in Japan in February 2006. The single also included an alternate version of "Sun Cruise" from her debut album, "U;Nee Code", and "Follow Me", a song that would later appear on her 3rd and final album, "Habit". She held a showcase performing a variety of her songs from her "Call Call Call" album with great reviews, but with no more success she decided to come back and work in her third album.
She also appeared in the Goofy's music video called "Mr DJ".
Death and impact.
On January 21, 2007, at around 10 A.M, she sat down in front of the TV and said, "Goodbye," to her maternal grandmother, mother, and uncle as they left the house for church. When her grandmother returned from church, intending to prepare lunch for her granddaughter, she discovered U;Nee hanging in her room. She immediately called for an ambulance, but U;Nee had already died.
The police later confirmed that the cause of death was suicide due to depression and that no suicide note had been found.
The news came as a shock to all of Asia, especially since a day later U;Nee was to shoot the music video for her third album. Her agency due to this, decided to cancel the release of the album that was scheduled for February 1 of that year, but then by request of the family, it was released on January 26.
The funeral occurred the day after, only a few of her fellow celebrities attended, as U;Nee did not have many friends in the industry, among them were singer Maya, members of the girl-group Diva, Mingyeong and Zinnie, Kil Gun, singer Mina, and her best friend Lee Hwa-sun, who was there until the end.
Kim Jin-Pyo, criticized the South Korean singers' Association saying, "The singer's association did not make any contact with fellow singers even after the singer's death. I also didn't receive any messages and had to ask for the address myself to offer my condolences. However, when I finally arrived, there were hardly any singers present. Aren't these so-called respectful juniors from the singer's association even able to spare time for condolences at a time like this?!" Choi Baek-Ho, the vice-president of the association back then replied to Kim's statement saying, "Because of your words, the hardworking singers at the Korean Singers Association, who sacrifice a lot of time and money for the rights and status of singers, feel angry", this caused a debate with most people empathizing with Jin-Pyo and calling Baek-Ho irresponsible and unempathetic to the situation. During this time, several singers and entertainment figures had their pages filled with insults and questions as to why they did not attend U;Nee's funeral.
This had such an impact that people in the entertainment industry began to attend celebrities' funerals, even if they were not close to the deceased.
South Korean actor and singer Ryu Si-won paid tribute to U;Nee at one of his concerts in Japan. They were friends and were known to have a 10-year friendship.
Lee Hyori expressed herself about U;Nee's death in an interview on "Drunken Talk" saying, "If U;Nee and Jeong Da-bin were friends with me, I would have tried to help them in any way possible. It was very heartbreaking."
A month after the tragedy, SBS investigation show "", in episode 416, they interviewed U;Nee's mother at her home, where she confessed that during the first album U;Nee suffered from stress, taking medication but had days of sleeping a whole day and being awake a whole day. After her second album her mother noticed that U;Nee became very reserved to the point of speaking only a few words even at home. She also said that U;Nee was affected by the hate comments and that she was not very happy about her company's decisions at the time.
They also interviewed U;Nee's manager and some staff members, they said that U;Nee seemed calm and somehow excited about the promotions of her album. They even showed footage from January 19 where U;Nee is seen smiling and practicing.

</doc>
<doc id="6913069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913069" title="Back to Basics (disambiguation)">
Back to Basics (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6913073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913073" title="Julio Popper">
Julio Popper



</doc>
<doc id="6913074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913074" title="Amasis Painter">
Amasis Painter

The Amasis Painter (active around 550–510 BC in Athens) was an ancient Greek vase painter who worked in the black-figure technique. He owes his name to the signature of the potter Amasis ("Amasis made me"), who signed twelve works painted by the same hand. At the time of the exhibition, "The Amasis Painter and His World" (1985), 132 vases had been attributed to this artist.
Life and career.
As with any of the artisans working during the sixth century BC, very little is understood about the Amasis Painter's life or personality. Scholars do know that Amasis is a Greek version of an Egyptian name, more specifically of a contemporary Egyptian king, leading some to believe that the Amasis Painter—or at least the potter Amasis—may have been a foreigner, originally from Egypt. Other possibilities include that he was an Athenian with an Egyptian name, which is highly plausible, given close trade relations between Greece and Egypt, or that his signed name was a nickname given to him by his contemporaries due to some Egyptian characteristic, an example being the alabastron shape. Exekias’s use of the label “Amasos” for an illustration of an Ethiopian has no clear explanation, but he is generally thought to have been poking fun at Amasis as a contemporary professional rival.
Despite the possibility of his Egyptian origin, it is generally agreed by scholars that the Amasis Painter learned his trade in Athens, most likely with the Heidelberg Painter. This painter worked around 575–550 BC, and is best known for his work on Siana cups. The Amasis Painter borrows scenes from the Heidelberg Painter, such as a warrior dressing himself in greaves with multiple bystanders; however, the Amasis Painter adds his own touch in the treatment of his figures, imparting a greater sense of detail, and often adding a signature double-band border and palmette-lotus festoon to the ornamental decoration. In other examples, the Amasis Painter’s use of fringed garments also emphasizes a possible close relationship between the two.
The career of the Amasis Painter was long, spanning nearly 50 years from around 560 to 515 BC, and encompassed the transition from the early to mature phases in Attic black-figure vase painting. The Amasis Painter was singular in his reaction to the rapid changes happening around him. His style, while generally conservative, evolved with certain developments in the medium. However, the Amasis Painter also rejected certain trends and managed to maintain a consistency that can be traced throughout, making it difficult to date works within his lifetime. His development over the course of his career, which is loosely classified into early, middle and late phases, demonstrates the artist’s journey from novice to master. As R. M. Cook explains, "His early work is conventional and tame, but as he matures he displays a more individual assurance".
Oeuvre.
There are 11 black figure vases and one fragment that are painted by the same hand and bear a signature that reads, "Amasis mepoiesen" meaning "Amasis made me", indicating the artist Amasis as the potter of these works. As all 12 works were decorated by a single painter, some scholars have assumed that the potter and painter were one and the same. However, since the 1971 attribution of a signed work by Amasis to the hand of the Taleides Painter, connoisseurs are reminded to distinguish between the potter Amasis and the Amasis Painter with care.
The painter's twelve signed pieces include three broad-shouldered neck-amphorae, four olpai (an early form of wine jug), one band cup, one cup, one small bowl, a pyxis and a vessel fragment. For scholars who believe that the potter and painter were identical, the petite and refined shapes of the Amasis vessels reinforce the argument for Amasis' innovative contributions to sixth-century Athenian vases. As Boardman writes, "The potting of the Amasis Painter's vases is as distinctive as the painting. The concurrence of the two phenomena might well suggest that potter and painter were one man, particularly as the distinctive elements in each craft seem to share a common spirit."
Whether the painter was indeed the potter or not, the Amasis Painter decorated a wide variety of shapes, including panel and neck amphorae, used for wine or oil storage; oinochoai, wine pouring jugs; lethythoi, oil jars; alabastra and aryballoi, for oils or perfumes; and a variety of drinking cups, including mastoids, skyphoi, and kylikes. Of these shapes, the Amasis Painter seems to have preferred smaller, "user-friendly" forms, from 30 to 35 centimeters high, and reduced dimensions of painting space, for example, in panels.
Subject.
The Amasis Painter tackled nearly every subject available to the sixth-century vase painter; of 165 scenes, 20 are narrative mythological subjects. However, his true character as an artist and most important contributions to the legacy of black-figure painting are revealed in his non-narrative subjects of gods and mortals, and in his many genre scenes. The Amasis Painter is credited as the first to show non-specific scenes of interactions between gods, especially Dionysus and his merry revelers whom he painted more than 20 times, compared to Exekias’ one. Another of his most common subjects is Athena facing Poseidon, and while the viewer is reminded of the myth of the competition for Athens, the Amasis Painter’s portrayal of this scene typically does not convey a specific narrative. He extends these representations of gods to include mortals; as Stewart argues, such scenes speak to the painter's ability to evoke a contemporary cultural awareness of the ever-present gods in Greek daily life.
Departure from the traditional canon allowed the Amasis Painter greater freedom to explore particularized detail in his treatment of mythological subjects. The Amasis Painter was also a pioneer in his depiction of genre scenes of everyday life, such as the transport by cart of a newly married couple to the house of the groom, or the working of wool by a group of women.
Style.
The Amasis Painter is recognizable by his preference for symmetry, precision and clarity, and expressiveness through mastery of his medium and composition. As Von Bothmer points out, the artist is especially strong as a miniaturist, and highly skilled in his creation of harmony between shape and decoration.
Another unique characteristic of the Amasis Painter's style is his occasional use of a glaze outline to delineate women's figures, specifically maenads. While he was not the first to use a glaze outline, he was the first to combine it with the black-figure technique on a single vessel, possibly anticipating the red-figure style, as Semni Karouzou suggests, or reacting to it. The extent of the Amasis Painter's interaction with the red-figure technique, which was in use at the end of his career, is unknown, but the free, curvilinear lines and bright compositions in his later work may indicate its influence.
Decorative elements.
Connoisseurs are also able to identify the work of the Amasis Painter by his characteristic use of ornament. The artist typically reinforced his frames with a double and sometimes triple glazed line, another carryover from the Heidelberg Painter. In addition, he might use this double or triple line to separate the panel scene from the ornamental band, and occasionally used a meander. Two other motifs he regularly employed in were zig-zag bands and rosettes. Finally, the Amasis Painter is most recognizable in his use of floral ornamental bands, which Beazley characterizes as lively and vivid. Beginning with simple upright-buds, as opposed to the pendant buds characteristic of other artists, he eventually developed the more complex palmette-lotus festoon. He used both of these motifs throughout his career, and, especially in later works, they are notable for their excellent symmetry and balance of color. As Mertens describes, “In the palmette-lotus festoon…, each unit is meticulously spaced within the field, and extraordinary care has been taken with the tendrils, especially those developing from the palmettes. The intervals are as important as the forms.”
The Amasis Painter and Exekias.
The Amasis Painter and Exekias are traditionally considered by scholars to represent the two "schools" of Attic black-figure painting in the mid-6th century BC, and are credited with carrying the black-figure technique to full maturity; traditional scholarly discussion of either painter implies a comparison. Both artists were exceptional draughtsmen and masters of detail, which was employed to convey a vivid scene. In the traditional literature, scholars have favored Exekias as the superior artist, and he is credited with mastering the pre-Classical development of narrative: condensing well-known stories and depicting moments that imply past and future events, and “invoking causes and consequences with a power and economy unattained by his predecessors.”
Art historians credit the Amasis Painter, on the other hand, with the development of original, non-narrative genre scenes. They consider his strongest work to be examples that employ humor, wit and expression through masterful use of both the graver and the brush. In the prevailing literature prior to the Getty exhibition, the Amasis Painter was considered an outlier in an Exekian march towards classicism. "The Amasis Painter and His World", however, served to reintroduce the Amasis Painter in a new light: as one crucial thread in a network of painters in sixth-century Greece. Importantly, J. D. Beazley's connoisseurship accounts for the oeuvre of the Amasis Painter, and allows modern viewers and scholars to consider his work in this way. Exekias and the Amasis Painter were equally talented, each in his own way, and instrumental to the development of black-figure vase painting in Athens.
"The Amasis Painter and His World" Exhibition.
In autumn of 1985, "The Amasis Painter and His World", the first retrospective of an Attic black-figure artist, opened at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Curated by Dr. Dietrich von Bothmer, J. D. Beazley's close friend and associate, the show brought together 65 works attributed to the Amasis Painter from around the world, opening on the centenary of Beazley's birth. Beazley devoted his 60-year career to diligent observation and detailed categorization and attribution of ancient Greek vase painters and schools based on style. The exhibition recognized not only the work of the Amasis Painter, but also Beazley's scholarship, which established this artist's body of work. The scholarly catalogue for exhibition and the papers published from the accompanying colloquium greatly contributed to an awareness of and scholarship on this painter, and helped to relocate him within the complex tapestry of artists and influence of sixth-century black-figure vase painting.
"The Amasis Painter and His World" was a critical step in acknowledging the individual body of work of this painter and his contributions to the black-figure repertoire, while also highlighting the limitations of over- or under-estimating the influence of a single artist working in any age. Beazley's legacy speaks to this in his attributions to artists and schools regardless of perceived quality. The ability to view the Amasis Painter's large body of work in a single exhibition has led to a better appreciation of the context of his workshop—and the hundreds of other black-figure vases by the many painters and potters working in the sixth-century BC. The Amasis Painter's oeuvre provides a fascinating glimpse into one part of this puzzle, which, when pieced together by scholars, reveals much about the arts and crafts of Archaic Greece.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6913076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913076" title="Ducati singles">
Ducati singles

The Ducati singles were single cylinder motorcycles, made by Ducati from 1950 to 1974. Chief Engineer Fabio Taglioni developed a desmodromic valve system in these years, a system that opens "and" closes the valves using the camshaft, without the need for valve springs. This valve system has become a trademark feature of Ducati motorcycles.
In 1926, the brothers Adriano and Marcello Ducati founded Societa Scientifica Radio Brevetti Ducati, a company in Bologna producing tubes, condensers and other radio components. On June 1, 1935, the cornerstone of a factory in Borgo Panigale was laid. By 1940, the company was engaged in the manufacture of electronic equipment for the military, making the factory a target for Allied bombing. The Ducati factory at Borgo Panigale was hit badly more than once, but maintained production.
Cucciolo.
During World War II, Aldo Farinelli, a lawyer from Turin, developed with the Italian Society of Auto-Aviator Technical Applications (SIATA) a small engine to be mounted on a bicycle, called the "Cucciolo" ("little puppy"), by 1945. The weight of the engine was less than 8 kg. In 1950 Ducati began producing its own complete 98-pound motorcycle with the same name. The production at Ducati went on until 1958.
Ducati 65 TS and Cruiser.
The first 4 stroke Single was the Ducati 60.
The market was moving though, towards bigger motorcycles and Ducati's IRI management felt diversification was the only answer. Ducati made an impression at the early 1952 Milan Show, introducing the Ducati 65 TS cycle and the Cruiser, the world's first four-stroke scooter. Despite being described as the most interesting new machine at the 1952 show, the Cruiser was not a great success. A couple of thousand were made over a two-year period before being withdrawn from production.
In 1953, management decided to split the operation into two separate entities, Ducati Meccanica SpA, and Ducati Elettronica SpA, under separate management. Dr. Giuseppe Montano took over as head of Ducati Meccanica SpA and the old Borgo Panigale factory was modernized, with government assistance.
By 1954, Ducati Meccanica SpA was producing 120 bikes a day, but cheap cars were entering the markets, and sales for many motorcycle manufacturers would decline.
OHV pushrod singles.
From the mid-1950s through mid-1960s Ducati produced non-Taglioni-designed OHV singles with conventional pushrod valve operation, such as the 125 Bronco.
Two-strokes.
Ducati was manufacturing a 50 cc two stroke, with power outputs from 0.92 hp at 4,600 rpm to 4.2 at 8,600 rpm. Some attempts were made to race these 50 cc Ducati two-strokes in Europe, but the 3 speed gearbox and lack of power compared to makes such as Itom meant that there was no success. They also failed to sell in America, their target market, as the US demand just did not exist. Fairly large quantities were sold in Europe and for some years it was the sales of two-strokes that kept the company afloat. In hindsight, Ducati probably would have done better by focussing on its well-developed line of sporting four-strokes, but the company persisted with 50 cc, 80, 90, and finally 100 cc versions of the same two-stroke bikes, despite falling sales. These small 2 strokes were built in all sorts of versions, from mini-racers through trail and scrambler type models even to scooters. Early versions had 3-speed hand change gears but this later became 4-speed foot change. Some versions had fan-cooled engines. While sufficient members of management wished to persist in production, some engineers were already refusing to work on them, and pursuing other company projects with more promise for the company future.
In 1977, Ducati made their last significant attempt to provide a competitive 'off-road' two stroke motorcycle. The 125 'Regolarita' was a 6 speed enduro model based on an ISDT factory prototype from 1975. While the bike proved viable enough overall, gearbox problems plagued it during development and the project was terminated in 1978. Ducati were sufficiently serious about this project to explore MX versions. However like the parallel twins developed and produced at that time, they were sidelined in favour of Ducati's focus on evolutions of their now established and popular V twins.
OHC singles.
Engines.
The Taglioni designed single cylinder bevel drive OHC engines were of a vertically spilt unit construction and had alloy head and alloy barrels with austenitic liners. Ball bearings were used in the main bearings and roller bearings for the big end. Hairspring valve springs were used to close the valves except on the 239 cc models. Wet sump lubrication was used.
Narrow case.
The earlier engines were retrospectively known as 'narrow case' after the introduction of the revised 'wide case' engines.
Type A.
First shown at the Milan Motorcycle Show in late 1956, the OHC singles were available in 100, 125, 175 and 200 cc variants. Production of the Type A continued until 1961.
Type B.
With the introduction of the 250 cc Monza and Diana, the engines were revised with improvements to the crankshaft, cylinder head and clutch housings. The Type B engines were available in 125, 160, 200, 250 and 350 cc displacements. In 1964 5 speed gearboxes were fitted.
Wide case.
In 1968, an improved engine was introduced based on the engines used in the 250SCD and 350SCD racers. It featured rear engine mountings that were three times wider than the front engine mount. Internally the engine had stronger main bearings and big ends, an improved kickstart mechanism and larger capacity sump. The engine continued until production of the OHC stopped in 1974 and was available in 239, 250, 350 and 450 cc versions.
Desmo.
The wide case engines were also available in desmo versions. Unlike the racing models, the road versions used a single camshaft and used helper valve springs to improve starting and low speed running. Apart from the cylinder head assembly, the desmo and non-desmo engines are the same.
OHC 98 cc Gran Sport.
Ducati's single overhead-cam 98 cc Gran Sport, designed by Taglioni, became the blueprint for all future Ducati singles. It had an air-cooled cylinder inclined forward 10 degrees from vertical, gear primary drive, wet-sump lubrication, battery ignition and camshaft drive by vertical shaft and bevel gears. This bike came to dominate its class in Italian racing. In 1956 there was a DOHC 125 cc version of the Gran Sport.
In spite of being a government appointed director, Montano was a motorcycle enthusiast and under his direction, Ducati's competitive activities grew. Fabio Taglioni was chief designer and technical director of Ducati from 1954 to 1989, serving longer than many of the managements that were to follow. The company soon developed a full-fledged racing team. Italians were avid racing fans and would buy bikes built by winners. To acquire a competitive image Ducati needed to race successfully. Taglioni's usual development procedure was to test a motorcycle on the racetrack before releasing it to the public.
125 Desmo Ducati.
The high RPMs needed to produce competitive power in a small engine generated valve float, which Taglioni believed could be overcome with desmodromic valve actuation. The 125 Grand Prix could produce 16 hp at 11,500 rpm, its true rev limit, while the Desmo could crank out 19 hp at 12,500 rpm and could “safely” (bottom end permitting) rev further to 15,000. Big-end life was short at these sorts of revs and new crankshaft bearings were put in for every race.
Desmodromics, were used in the W196 Mercedes-Benz straight-eight Desmo engines that dominated early formula 1 racing. When Mercedes retired from racing, it retired the Mercedes desmo technology, never using it in production models. Taglioni applied it successfully to Ducati motorcycles. As usual, Desmo technology was used first in racing Ducatis and then in Ducati street machines.
The 125 Desmo Ducati won its first race at the 1956 Swedish G.P. at Hedemora, lapping all the other cycles, but then its rider, Gianni Degli Antoni, died during the practice for the next race, the Italian G.P. of Monza. That death dealt a severe blow to the Ducati racing program and it was not until 1958 that their team was able to mount a serious challenge to Italy's MV Agusta, and their top rider, former 125 cc world champion, Carlo Ubbiali.
In 1958 the Ducati Desmo dominated the racing season and the racing team was soon headed for the World Championship. Unfortunately a mid-season injury to winning Ducati rider Bruno Spaggiani spoilt their run, allowing Ubbiali to narrowly take the title again. Nevertheless, in that season the Desmodromic engine had proved its quality and reliability, in terms of maximizing engine power and as insurance against over-revving damage. These characteristics proved attractive to motorcycle buyers.
The 125 Sport became the 125 Monza. There was also the Monza Super, a further improved version with high-compression piston, modified camshaft, a slightly larger SS1 Dell'Orto racing carburettor, and a straight-through exhaust. The Monza Super was British market only. Oxford's Ducati dealer, Kings, was pushing Ducati for a 250 cc machine to compete against British and Japanese motorcycles.
Ducati began by building a 250 cc racer. The prototype won most of its races in America, many running in conjunction with 500 cc events.
In 1959 Ducati introduced the 200cc Elite and 200SS, which were derived from the very successful 175cc single cylinder shaft driven ohc machine.
Diana.
The first production Ducati 250 debuted at the Milan Fair in April 1961. It was called the Diana but for some unknown reason was renamed as Daytona in the UK. The 250 was so popular that in 1963 Ducati introduced the Diana Mark 3 Super Sport.
Scrambler.
The Scrambler series of singles were made for the US market from 1962 until 1974, at the behest of Ducati's American importer, the Berliner Motor Corporation.
Diana Mark 3 Super Sport.
This machine first appeared in 1962. It was derived from the production 250s but was considerably tuned and had 5 gears instead of the 4 of its predecessors. Several European magazines tested it and were able to exceed 100 mph, making it by far the fastest production 250 on the market. It was later introduced to the American market where, under the name of Diana Mark 3 Super Sport, it proved again to be the fastest 250 street bike in the world that year. In a carefully monitored "Cycle World" track test, the Mark 3 did a standing 1/4 mile in 16.5 seconds with a final speed of 79.5 mph. Its top speed was 104 mph. Even a TD-1 Yamaha racer, tested by "Cycle World" that same year, was unable to match the Ducati's top speed and no other comparably sized registrable production bike that year could compete with its performance.
Ducati motorcycles were selling well in North America and other export markets such as Britain, Australia and Germany. In Italy Ducati was doing well, and not just building motorcycles. By 1965, Ducati Meccanica SpA had become the Italian distributor for Standard-Triumph cars and Leyland vans and trucks.
1965 Ducati 350 Sebring.
In 1965, the first new concept bike arrived. The 350 Sebring was the largest Ducati of the day. Typically, Ducati built a racing 350 first. The 350 class was not common in the United States, so when Ducati team rider Franco Farne went to America to race at Sebring race, he had to race in an event catering to 251-700 cc machines. Despite the larger capacity opposition, he finished 11th overall and, more importantly, won his own class outright. In honour of Farne's victory the new model became the 350 Sebring. (Footnote: It was common for Italian manufacturers of competition cars or motorcycles to attach to the name their products events they have won.)
By the mid-1960s, production techniques had advanced to the extent that a road Desmo was now possible. Farne's appeared at the April 1966 Modena meeting, riding a prototype 250 cc machine fitted with an experimental Desmodromic head. In 1967 Roberto Gallina and Gilberto Parlotti raced at Modena on 250 and 350 versions.
Production desmo.
In 1967, after eight years of development, Ducati introduced its first production Desmodromic engine, a machine that drew as much from the race track as it did from the drawing board, epitomising the engineering concept that “form follows function”.
In January, 1968, Ducati announced plans to build and market the 450 cc Mark 3D. The D was for Desmodromic.
Early in 1969 the long-awaited Desmo production machine began appearing. The Desmo design in the new engine, had all four closing and opening lobes mounted on the same shaft, similar to the arrangement used in the late fifties W196 Mercedes-Benz Formula 1 cars. The bike was available in Europe in 250 and 350 versions as well as the 450. In 1971, Ducati released a variant for off-road use called the R/T and another street version, the Mark 3 Special, colloquially named the 'Silver Shotgun'.
The motorcycling public seemed to feel that it should have been a “real” 500, and it did not sell well in the US, despite the fact that it outperformed many larger capacity motorcycles of its time. Berliner seemed unable to “hit a winner” in its choice of models, or in selling them to a “cubic inch” market.
In Britain Vic Camp had recognized that Ducati was an enthusiast's motorcycle and concentrated on a relatively narrow performance-oriented line.
By 1967 Berliner was at the brink of financial ruin - and Ducati with it. The 160 Monza Junior was another flop in the U.S. market. The US was buying larger capacity two cylinder motorcycles, and it came to the point where Berliner refused a shipment, citing market saturation, but the grim reality was, they did not have the funds to pay. This shipment was purchased by a speculator named Bill Hannah and the bikes were sold on the UK market at prices that undercut Vic Camp's official imports.
In the financial tragedy that followed Montano retired. The only out on offer was a takeover by EFIM, a government holding company. This meant direct government control over day-to-day factory operations via a government-appointed administrator whose independent powers were limited.
Ducati's last real off-road, four stroke, competition motorcycles were the 1971 450 R/T and 450 R/S. The RT had a Seeley-style frame that looked stylish, especially when compared to the old style frames on other Ducati singles, but 1971 was a few years too late. Fewer than 400 were made.
For many British car and motorcycle companies of the era, government intervention was the guarantee of a lingering death. This did not prove to be so for Ducati. Unlike British manufacturers of the time, Italy's Ducati was successful in re-inventing itself. It did this with a line of larger capacity V-twins, but first it went racing, on 500 cc Desmo GP bikes and the Ducati 750 Imola Desmo.

</doc>
<doc id="6913079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913079" title="State Route 76-Y (Virginia)">
State Route 76-Y (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6913081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913081" title="State Route 76Y (Virginia)">
State Route 76Y (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6913082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913082" title="Route 76Y (Virginia)">
Route 76Y (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6913084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913084" title="S.Crestina Gherdëina">
S.Crestina Gherdëina



</doc>
<doc id="6913088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913088" title="Route 76-Y (Virginia)">
Route 76-Y (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6913090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913090" title="MEGA CHANNEL">
MEGA CHANNEL



</doc>
<doc id="6913094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913094" title="Falling off the Bone">
Falling off the Bone



</doc>
<doc id="6913097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913097" title="Kinks, The">
Kinks, The



</doc>
<doc id="6913102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913102" title="Ferdinand Hueppe">
Ferdinand Hueppe

Ferdinand Adolph Theophil Hueppe (24 August 1852 – 15 September 1938) was a German physician, bacteriologist and hygienist. From 1900 to 1904, he was the first Deutscher Fußball-Bund (DFB, German Football Association) president.
Biography.
From 1872 to 1876, Hueppe studied medicine at the University of Berlin, afterwards serving as a military surgeon. From 1880 to 1884 he was a member of bacteriologist Robert Koch's staff in Berlin, and later worked at Carl Remigius Fresenius' institute (the "Chemischen Institut Fresenius)" in Wiesbaden. From 1889 to 1912 he was a professor at Charles University in Prague.
Hueppe is remembered for his pioneer investigations of hormesis in regards to chemical stimulation/inhibition of bacterial growth. The eponymous "Hueppe’s rule" is an historical term synonymous with hormesis.
Hueppe promoted a völkisch type of racial hygiene in which Aryans and Jews were considered separate races. He advocated Arnold Rikli's light and air baths as well as physical exercise.
Criticism of vegetarianism.
Hueppe opposed vegetarianism and characterized German vegetarians as "feminized men" who degenerated the Aryan race. He argued that "Powerful Aryan elites" risked degeneration if they turned away from the omnivorous diet that had made their bodies and nation strong. Hueppe stated that the earliest humans were meat eaters and that modern humans survive best on an omnivorous diet because a vegetarian diet is excessive in carbohydrates and lacks in protein. He described vegetarians as the "victims of an unnatural mode of existence".
Publications.
His book on bacterial research, "Die methoden der bakterien-forschung", was later translated into English and published in 1886 with the title "The methods of bacteriological investigation". Other noted efforts by Hueppe include:

</doc>
<doc id="6913109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913109" title="Conflict style inventory">
Conflict style inventory

A conflict style inventory is a written tool for gaining insight into how people respond to conflict. Typically, a user answers a set of questions about their responses to conflict and is scored accordingly.
Most people develop a patterned response to conflict based on their life history and history with others. This response may fit some situations well, but may be ineffective or destructive in other circumstances. The goal is to increase people's awareness of their own patterns and bring more options and flexibility within reach. 
The most widely used conflict style inventories are based on the Mouton Blake Axis which posits five styles of conflict response (see Managerial Grid Model). These include the Jay Hall Conflict Management Survey, the Thomas Kilmann Conflict Mode Instrument, a standard since the 1960s, the Canadian International Institute of Applied Negotiation's (CIIAN) Conflict Style Root Assessment, and the Kraybill Conflict Style Inventory, a more recent publication that is culturally sensitive.
More extensive personality type instruments are also useful to help understand conflict style differences. The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, which is based on the work of Carl Jung, and the Gilmore Fraleigh instruments fall in this category, but because the MBTI is widely dismissed as pseudoscience, any such insights may be unreliable.
Conflict resolution teachers and trainers, mediators, organizational consultants, and human resource managers use conflict style inventories in their work to help people reflect on and improve their responses to conflict. Awareness of styles helps people recognize that they have choices in how to respond to conflict. Since each style has a preferred way of interacting with others in conflict, style awareness also can greatly assist people in meeting the needs of those they live and work with.

</doc>
<doc id="6913110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913110" title="Koonwarra railway station">
Koonwarra railway station

Koonwarra was a railway station on the South Gippsland line, in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until 1992, when the line to Barry Beach, servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait, was closed. The line was then dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.
Koonwarra became a no-one-in-charge station in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="6913112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913112" title="Limits.h">
Limits.h



</doc>
<doc id="6913114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913114" title="HMV.co.uk">
HMV.co.uk



</doc>
<doc id="6913118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913118" title="Zagreb Pride">
Zagreb Pride

Zagreb Pride () is the annual LGBTIQ+ pride march in the city of Zagreb, Croatia, which first took place in 2002, as the first successful pride march in Southeast Europe. Zagreb Pride organizers say their work was inspired by the Stonewall Riots and the Gay Liberation Front. It is self-identified as LGBTIQ+ march and therefore in 2003 changed its name from Gay Pride Zagreb into Zagreb Pride. The Pride was organized by a volunteer-based and grass-roots Organizing Committee that was formed each year. A new organization founded in 2008 as a non-governmental organization Zagreb Pride that also registered the use of the name as a brand. The organization is a member of InterPride, EPOA, IGLYO, ILGA-Europe and in 2010, together with Lesbian Organization LORI and Domino, it was the founding member of Croatian first national LGBT association, Center for LGBT Equality (). Pride receives funding from the City of Zagreb and a number of international human rights organizations and embassies.
The event usually consists of a Pride March through the city center, followed by a gathering at the Nikola Šubić Zrinski Square where speeches are given by LGBTIQ activists. Each year the organizers adopt a theme and a collection of principles and values called the "Pride platform", which is designed to be reflected in the march, speeches, and publicity for the event. Since 2015 the program of Zagreb Pride is held in Park Ribnjak instead of Zrinjevac.
Since 2011, Pride Week has been established, with various of daily political, activist and social events, all related to the Pride theme. During the Pride Week, Zagreb's legalized squat AKC Medika was turned into the "Pride House".
Zagreb Pride, Ljubljana Pride and Belgrade Pride are each other's "sister prides".
Political impact.
Since the first Pride held in Croatia LGBT rights and acceptance of LGBT persons have seen significant progress. In 2003, one year after the first LGBT pride in Croatia, then ruling coalition consisted of mostly center-left parties and managed to agree and passed a law on same-sex unions. The law granted same-sex partners who have cohabited for at least 3 years similar rights as those enjoyed by unmarried cohabiting opposite-sex partners in terms of inheritance and financial support. However, it excluded adoption rights or any other right included in the family code as this law was not part thereof, but rather a separate piece of legislation. Registering those relationships was not allowed nor did they include the right to make a joint declaration of taxes, property, health insurance, pensions etc. Despite this law being more symbolic rather than practical, it was considered as a milestone in the Croatian legal system as it was the first to recognize the existence of same-sex relationships.
On 11 May 2012, Prime Minister Zoran Milanović announced a further expansion of rights for same-sex relationships with the equivalent rights and responsibilities to those of marriage except for adoption. Sabor passed the Life Partnership Act on 15 July 2014, which replaced the law on same-sex relationships passed in 2003. This law made same-sex couples equal to married couples in everything except adoption. However, an institution similar to stepchild adoption called partner-guardian has been created.
Croatia also prohibits all discrimination against LGBT individuals through several laws:
On 1 January 2013, the new Penal Code was introduced with the recognition of hate crimes based on gender identity.
Political support for LGBT rights in Croatia is significant. At the time of the first Pride, coalition consisted of mostly center-left parties was in power, providing support for future expansion of rights. However, one member of this coalition was also the Croatian Peasant Party (HSS), which strongly opposes LGBT rights. Most of the members of the coalition initially proposed registered partnerships for same-sex couples, but HSS insisted for this to be dropped as a condition for their continued support of the coalition. Concessions had to be made and the parties agreed on unregistered cohabitation for same-sex couples.
In 2003, a parliamentary election was held, and the right-wing Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) won the majority of seats. HDZ opposes LGBT rights, but they have enacted several laws that ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity as part of the negotiation process before joining the European Union. They remained in power until late 2011 when the centre-left Kukuriku coalition won the election.
Third Croatian President Ivo Josipović provides strong support for full LGBT rights, along with many other celebrities and center-left political parties such as Social Democratic Party (SDP), Croatian People's Party (HNS), Croatian Social Liberal Party (HSLS), the Green List, and the Workers Party. He was one of the most prominent supporters of LGBT rights even before he was elected president. Following his election, he has met with LGBT associations several times expressing support.
Vesna Pusić, a member of HNS, is very popular among Croatian LGBT community, and was voted the "Gay Friendly Person of the Decade" by the LGBT community. As a government member, she has been actively involved in improving LGBT rights. A member of SDP and former Minister of Environment and Nature Protection in the Kukuriku coalition, Mirela Holy, has been a notable supporter of LGBT rights for years. She has participated in every Croatian LGBT pride to date. Other supporters of LGBT rights in Croatia are Rade Šerbedžija, Drago Pilsel, Ivo Banac, Furio Radin, Darinko Kosor, Đurđa Adlešič, Vesna Teršelič, Lidija Bajuk, Mario Kovač, Nina Violić, former Prime Minister Ivica Račan's widow Dijana Pleština, pop group E.N.I., Severina Vučković, Vlatka Pokos, Luka Nižetić, Franka Batelić, Arsen Bauk, Peđa Grbin, Tomislav Tomašević, Boris Milošević etc. Hundreds of public figures have thus far expressed support for LGBT rights.
In 2012, Zagreb Pride formed an LGBT parents group whose representatives met President Ivo Josipović, and spoke at the 2012 pride march.
History.
2002.
On 29 June 2002, the very first Pride march of sexual and gender minorities took place in Zagreb's park Zrinjevac. Gay Pride Zagreb 2002 was entitled "" ('Coming out AGAINST prejudice'). Approximately 300 individuals participated, including some of the top state officials. The motto was Coming Out AGAINST prejudices ("Iskorak KONTRA Predrasuda").
Sometime around 9:00, just before the gathering, unknown attackers beat up Croatian theatre director Mario Kovač, who was supposed to be Pride's master of ceremonies. As the gathering progressed, homophobic opponents to Gay Pride Zagreb rallied at the western side of Zrinjevac, yelling "Go to Serbia", "Kill the Serb", "Fags to concentration camps", "Heil Hitler", "Sieg Heil", "Die", and "We are Aryan", and then invoked the name of the first President of Croatia Franjo Tuđman. Some of them tried to jump over the iron fence put up at Zrinjevac, but were prevented from doing so. Throughout the gathering, the police used video cameras to record it. As the gathering was coming to an end, tear gas was thrown at the Pride crowd assembled at Zrinjevac.
Most citizens managed to leave the gathering peacefully, and security and police vehicles took the speakers to safety. However, following the gathering, approximately 20 citizens were beaten up in about ten incidents. Multimedia Institute's public space net.culture club MaMa was attacked, as it was co-organizer and host location with address listed on the poster (for pre-program and organizing work). According to Teodor Celakoski, manager of the Mama club, seven skinheads stormed into the club, receiving instructions on where to go via the mobile phone. Upon their arrival, they started to harass people, asking them who had gone to the Gay Pride. They randomly chose three people and beat them up. After the gathering, nine attackers attacked the guests of Močvara in the Tomić Street. Most commentators agree that had it not been for the police cordon, the gathering would have ended in an explosion of violence. The police brought in 27 disorderly persons (11 as a preventive measure, 10 for disorderly conduct, and 6 in order to establish their identity).
Several skinheads who threatened them and cursed them, which led to another police intervention, met the organizers of the event, who after the gathering attempted to take the props to a van that was waiting for them in Đorđić Street. The organizers left the gathering with the help of the police.
2003.
The second Zagreb Pride was held on June 28, 2003, organized by the lesbian group Kontra and the Center for the Rights of Sexual and Gender Minorities Iskorak. The motto was "Proud again" ("Opet ponosno") and was dedicated to the introduction of anti-discrimination provisions into Croatian laws and amendments to the Family Code.
2004.
The third Zagreb Pride was held on June 19, 2004, organized by the lesbian group Kontra under the slogan Vive la différence (French for "long live diversity"). The themes of the march were discrimination against the transgender population and homophobic statements by some Catholic priests. For the first time, the march was supported by people or groups from pop culture, for example Nina Violić, Dunja Knebl, and Lollobrigida.
2005.
The fourth Zagreb Pride in 2005 was organized by a feminist group Epikriza, and it promoted a registered partnership law proposed by two Sabor members, one of Social Democratic Party and one liberal independent member. It was the first Pride not organized by its Pride Committee. The motto of the march was Proud Together ("Ponosne/i zajedno").
At the beginning of June, most prominent LGBTIQ+ group Iskorak (name stands for 'coming out' and 'step forward' in Croatian), which has been that year's logistic support, announced that its activists would not organize Pride before the summer break, also stating that the Pride march was irritating citizens of Zagreb by blocking the public transport for a few minutes, and that Pride was at that time useless to the LGBTIQ community in Croatia. They proposed that a concert with "big names" outside of city center would be more appropriate, but it was never organized. Instead, Iskorak's Pride project was replaced with the Coming Out project.
With just a few weeks of preparations and about US$1,500, an informal and until that day unknown feminist group Epikriza organized a small march in July with about 100 people and without any program. The group got media support and advice from former Pride organizers not involved with Iskorak, and logistical and financial support by Kontra and the Center for Peace Studies.
2006.
Zagreb Pride held in 2006 was the first international pride, motto of pride was, written in 13 languages, To Live Freely ("Živjeti slobodno"). It had a regional character and was organized in support of those participants coming from countries where the sociopolitical climate is not ripe for the organization of Pride events and where such a manifestation is expressly forbidden by the authorities. From June 22 to June 26, the international event took place and brought together representatives from 13 countries. From those participating only Poland, Slovenia, Croatia, Romania and Latvia have organized Prides until that year, with Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Bulgaria, Albania, Slovakia and Lithuania never having Prides before. However, this has changed, and some of them have successfully organized Prides since then. The attempt to organize such an event in Belgrade, Serbia in 2001, ended in a bloody showdown between the police and the counter-protesters, with the participants heavily beaten up.
2007.
The 6th Zagreb Pride was held on July 7, 2007 under the motto, written in masculine and feminine, All to the Pride! (Svi na Pride! Sve na Pride!). The theme of the march was the right of sexual minorities to be visible in society and to express their identity without fear of discrimination and abuse. The Pride route first started at the then Marshal Tito Square, while the central program took place at Petar Preradović Square. About twenty participants of the procession were attacked after its end, and the police arrested several people.
2008.
The 7th Zagreb Pride was held on June 28, 2008, the theme was strength of unity. The motto of the march read: You Have the Courage! ("Imaš hrabrosti!"). For the first time, the Zagreb Pride association provided logistical support to the autonomous organizing committee. The procession passed without incident, while individual attacks occurred after the end of the manifestation.
2009.
The 8th Zagreb Pride was held on June 13, 2009 under the motto Participate! ("Sudjeluj!"). During the march, a protest by opponents of Zagreb Pride took place. After the march, one person was seriously injured, and the police detained several people.
2010.
The 9th Zagreb Pride was held on June 19, 2010 under the motto Croatia Can Swallow That! ("Hrvatska to može progutati!"). The theme was freedom of sexual expression and diversity of sexual practices. For the first time, the president of the state received the organizing committee of Zagreb Pride. Along with the event itself, a counter-protest was held, and several attacks on the participants were recorded.
2011.
The 10th Zagreb Pride is considered to be a turning point in Pride's history. As a result of chaos at Split Pride, this Pride was emphatically supported by the media and politicians. The media led the campaign to support the LGBT community, calling everyone to "march in the upcoming Zagreb Pride". Four days before the Zagreb Pride march the organizers met with President Ivo Josipović. A week after the Split Pride, the 10th Zagreb Pride march took place. Around 4,000 people marched while many of the bystanders resoundingly supported the LGBT community. It was the biggest Pride rally in Croatia at the time and took place with no violence thanks to efficient police protection. Motto of pride was The Future is Ours! ("Budućnost je naša!").
2012.
The 11th Zagreb Pride followed much the same pattern. It attracted even more participants than the one the previous year and transpired free of violence. It was reported that the number of police officers securing the Pride was lower than during previous years' events. The organizers did not hide their satisfaction with this Pride, saying that the difference and the progress between the first Pride in 2002 and this one was magnificent. The motto of the march was We have Family! A Millennium of Croatian Dreaming ("Imamo obitelj, tisućljetni hrvatski san").
2013.
The 12th Zagreb Pride took place on 15 June 2013, attracting a record-breaking 15,000 participants. It was supported by many celebrities, NGOs, and politicians, including Vesna Pusić, Mirela Holy and Prime Minister Zoran Milanović's wife Sanja Musić Milanović. The motto of the march was "This is a country for all of us", and it was a direct reaction to the initiative introduced by the right-wing organization called U ime obitelji (), that would limit the term "marriage" to heterosexual communities by introducing a constitutional amendment through a referendum. The initiative was backed by the Catholic Church and other right-wing organizations and political parties. Many of those who were against it decided to support Zagreb Pride, making it almost four times bigger than the one in 2012. The Government officially opposed the possible referendum, and announced it will send the referendum question to the Constitutional Court for a review. The Pride went without a single incident, with many bystanders supporting it. Mile Kekin, a frontman of the Croatian punk rock band Hladno pivo was named a "homofriend" of the year. Motto of pride was This is a country for all of us ("Ovo je zemlja za sve nas").
2014.
The 13th Zagreb Pride was held on June 14, 2014 under the motto On the right side of the history ("Na pravoj strani povijesti"). On the right side of history. Procession. About two thousand people passed the traditional route from the Square of Victims of Fascism, through the Square of Ban Jelačić to Zrinjevac, where the final rally was held.
2015.
The 14th Zagreb Pride was held on June 13, 2015 under the motto Louder and braver: Anti-fascism without compromise! ("Glasnije i hrabrije-Antifašizam bez kompromisa"). It was a response to the steady rise of right-wing extremism in politics and society. That year, the route of the Pride was changed, and since then the final gathering and program part of the Pride is held in Park Ribnjak instead of Zrinjevac.
2016.
The fifteenth Pride Parade was held on June 11, 2016, under the motto Croatia Has Not Yet Fallen! ("Još Hrvatska ni propala"). The proclamation highlighted the struggle to defend elected rights and freedoms in the context of constant right-wing attacks on non-profit media, reproductive rights and the rights of LGBTIQ+ persons. As part of the Pride Week, the documentary film Pride for all of us (Prajd za sve nas) was premiered. This film, produced by Zagreb Pride, tells a story of fifteen years of the Pride March in Zagreb, the organizers of the March and the social context in which the March was created and developed. About seven thousand people took part in the Procession itself, and it followed an unchanged route.
2017.
The 16th Zagreb Pride was held on June 10, 2017 under the mottoFree life begins with pride. ("Slobodan život počinje ponosom") and recorded the highest turnout since 2013. In the proclamation of the procession, it was pointed out that freedom depends on social, economic and other factors and in the circumstances of assured existence and stable material conditions. The Pride March was preceded for the first time by Pride Month (instead of Pride Week), which began on the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia (IDAHOT) on May 17 as a cultural and political manifestation of the LGBTIQ+ community.
2018.
The 17th Zagreb Pride was held on June 9, 2018 under the slogan Long live gender. ("Da nam živi, živi rod"). It gathered over ten thousand participants. The theme of the procession was gender identity, gender expression and the right of each person to self-determination. Many young people participated in the procession.
2019.
The 18th Zagreb Pride was held on June 8, 2019 with the motto 18 Proud Years ("Osamnaest ponosnih godina").
2020.
The 19th Zagreb Pride was held on September 19, 2020, instead of June, due to anti-epidemic measures related to COVID-19. The motto of the march was Freedom inside and outside of 4 walls ("Sloboda unutar i izvan četiri zida"). The procession started for the first time from Markovo trg, then went down from Stross to Mesnička and Ilica, and ended at Draškovićeva at Ribnjak, in cooperation with Art Park and Animafest.
2021.
The 20th Zagreb Pride took place on July 3, 2021, attracting around 2.500 participants. It was the first pride that was attended by Zagreb's mayor. The motto of the march was Pride forever! ("Prajd zauvijek!"); it was held as a celebration of the annual Pride marches since 2002. The event was marked by homophobic violence, for the first time in ten years: multiple queer people were harmed, including a young lesbian woman who was attacked by four men, a young gay man who was attacked by multiple homophobes who burned his rainbow flag, and two young lesbian women who were verbally attacked and spat on.
2022.
On June 4, 2022, Zagreb Pride was held for the 21st time, without incidents and with strong presence of politicians and media. 
2023.
On June 10, 2023, Zagreb Pride was co-organized, after few years, in joint effort and coordination of several NGOs (including key trans-rights organizations) under the moto "Together for trans rights" and including official delegation and support from the City of Zagreb.
Other LGBT Prides in Croatia.
Split was the second city in Croatia to have its LGBT Pride with first one taking place in 2011, Osijek the third with its pride taking place on 6 September 2014, Karlovac fourth with its first pride taking place on 5 June 2023, and Pula fifth with its first pride taking place on 22 June 2024..

</doc>
<doc id="6913120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913120" title="Melodifestivalen 1961">
Melodifestivalen 1961



</doc>
<doc id="6913125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913125" title="Xamp">
Xamp



</doc>
<doc id="6913128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913128" title="NYPC">
NYPC

NYPC (also known as New Young Pony Club) are an English electronic music band from London. The band was formed by Andy Spence and Tahita Bulmer in 2004. Their influences are predominantly post-punk and new wave artists.
Career.
Forming and signing.
Mutual friends introduced now London-based vocalist Tahita Bulmer and producer Andy Spence, who shared a love of punk rock and dance music. The founding pair began writing together, originally only for Bulmer to perform. Spence later assumed a larger role when they decided to form a proper band, and the duo recruited Lou Hayter (keyboards), Igor Volk (bass) and Sarah Jones (drums). The band formed in 2005, and released two limited edition 7" singles ("The Get Go" and "Ice Cream") on indie label Tirk Recordings before being discovered by more established Australian label Modular Recordings, and signing a worldwide deal.
The band's name came from lead singer Bulmer's desire to be a part of a club or team at school. Her original idea for the band name was the more concise "Pony Club", which she describes as "quirky and kinky and fun". A pre-existing Irish band had already claimed the name, and the prefix "New Young" was added to reflect that the band are "a newer, younger and kinkier Pony Club".
"Fantastic Playroom".
The band's debut album, "Fantastic Playroom", was released on Modular Recordings on 9 July 2007 in the UK and 28 August in the U.S. Although the band had an album's worth of material, they decided to create an entirely new album.
Since its release, "Fantastic Playroom" has received generally positive reviews from the music press in Britain. "Mixmag" awarded it Album of the Month in its July issue. On 17 July "Fantastic Playroom" was shortlisted for the 2007 Mercury Prize.
"The Optimist".
Second album "The Optimist" was released in the UK on 8 March 2010.
According to the We Smoke Fags final MySpace blog posting, their bassist Lee has joined New Young Pony Club after We Smoke Fags have decided to go on an indefinite hiatus 
Lee has since been replaced on bass by Remy Mallet, who previously played with Josh Weller.
Live shows.
The band toured extensively in 2006 and 2007. A support tour with Lily Allen was followed by a place on the 2007 NME Indie Rave Tour along with CSS, The Sunshine Underground and Klaxons. The band went on to their first headline tour to promote their debut album, "Fantastic Playroom". The sold-out tour launched on 25 May 2007 at the Gloucester Guildhall, and concluded at Winter Gardens in Eastbourne on 9 June 2007. The band continued to play festivals throughout 2007. The band brought in the 2008 New Year at the Rhythm &amp; Vines festival in Gisborne, New Zealand.
In 2009, Sarah Jones joined Bat for Lashes' touring band and appeared with her on "Later... with Jools Holland". She has since joined Hot Chip as a touring member of the band, appearing in a May 2012 edition of "Later... with Jools Holland" in this capacity, and also played with Bloc Party, replacing original drummer Matt Tong for the remaining of their European Tour in 2013.
2010 saw NYPC tour even more extensively around the world taking in new territories such as Croatia, Slovenia and Bosnia as well as revisiting Australia and mainland Europe. They also featured on several UK festival lineups including Reading and Leeds, Underage, Wireless, Bestival and Lovebox. In October the band headlined the Rocking the Daisies and Rocking the Gardens festivals in South Africa.
In 2011, New Young Pony Club supported Katy Perry on her California Dreams Tour in continental Europe.
NYPC.
With Hayter and Jones leaving to pursue other interests, leaving founding members Bulmer and Spence to continue as a duo, the pair decided to shorten the band's name to NYPC to reflect the change. Their subsequent eponymously entitled album marked a return to the duo's electronic music roots.
Band members.
Current members
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="6913135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913135" title="Alexander R. Lawton">
Alexander R. Lawton



</doc>
<doc id="6913136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913136" title="Stefan Luchian">
Stefan Luchian



</doc>
<doc id="6913137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913137" title="Tarwin railway station">
Tarwin railway station

Tarwin was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s, and operated until its closure on 31 July 1976. Prior to its closure, in 1974, it began operating under no-one-in-charge conditions.
All that remains of the station is the platform mound, and a trestle bridge on the down end of the station site, which is now part of the Great Southern Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="6913138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913138" title="Ill Met By Moonlight">
Ill Met By Moonlight



</doc>
<doc id="6913139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913139" title="Ducati L-twin engine">
Ducati L-twin engine

The L-twin is a naturally aspirated two-cylinder petrol engine by Ducati. It uses a 90-degree layout and 270-degree firing order and is mounted with one cylinder nearly horizontal.
The next new Ducati engine to appear after the Ducati Apollo was the 90° V-twin, initial Grand Prix racing versions being 500 cc, and the production bikes were 750 cc. There was also the Ducati 750 Imola Desmo that won at Imola in 1972. These engines had bevel gear shaft drive to the overhead camshaft, and were produced in round, square, and Mille crankcases. In the 1980s, these gave way to the belt drive camshaft engines that have continued to this day, in air-cooled and liquid-cooled form. The Mille used a plain bearing crank, like the belt models.
Engines.
V-twin or L-twin.
A two-cylinder engine with its cylinders aligned in two banks radiating out from the crankshaft, forming a V angle, is called a V-twin. The Ducati V-twin has the V tilted forward, so the front cylinder is nearly parallel to the ground, hence the term L-twin.
Two-valve engines.
Ducati engineer, Fabio Taglioni, once said that when they started building the plain bearing crank, belt-driven camshaft engines, instead of the old ball bearing crank, bevel geared shaft drive camshaft engines, he had gone from making complex engines to making simple ones.
Multivalve models.
From 1987 there have also been Ducati multivalve motorcycles.
History.
On March 20, 1970, Fabio Taglioni made the first sketches for the layout of a new Ducati V-twin. By April, his drawings were completed, and by July, there was a running motor. By August 1970, there was a complete prototype motorcycle. Taglioni engaged Leopoldo Tartarini, the founder of Italjet, to refine the styling aspects of the new Ducati.
In October 1970, the decision was made by Ducati to re-enter the motorcycle competition. Director Arnaldo Milvio and General Manager Fredmano Spairani, were enthusiastic about racing, and had encouraged Fabio Taglioni to develop the 750 V-twin. In 1971 five 500 cc V-twins were built to compete in the Italian championship and Grand Prix events. Ducati felt that this would demonstrate the bike before a large audience and gain publicity. If they won, that was a bonus.
Even before this, in late 1970, and despite Taglioni's opposition to the idea, Spairani wanted the frame for Ducati's racer to be built by Colin Seeley, a well-known British specialist frame builder of the time. Seeley was asked to develop a racing frame similar to those he had built for G50 Matchless engines. They sent some prototype crankcases for Seeley to work from. Ducati's new Seely frame was ready in February 1971.
Meanwhile, in less than six months, Fabio Taglioni and his team had designed and built their own complete bike (the industry norm for a concept to production is three years). While the 750 and 500 racers were very similar, the 500 had a much shorter 58 mm stroke with its 74 mm bore. It had 10.5:1 compression and initially produced at 11,000 rpm. (Same bore and stroke as the later 500 Pantah) All Ducati's 500 cc GP engines used desmodromic two valve heads with an 80-degree included valve angle. They used remote float bowl Dell'Orto 40 mm carburettors, and had a six speed gearbox with a dry, multiplate clutch. Ignition was electronic, provided by nearby Ducati Elettrotecnica, but was initially unreliable. Dual spark plugs were used, and the final ignition system used four coils, two on each side of the frame.
In the beginning, Taglioni's Ducati chassis was used. It had a single Lockheed front disc brake and a twin leading shoe Fontana rear drum brake. Dry weight was 135 kg, and it had 18in rims front and rear with 3.00 and 3.25 tyres. Wheelbase was 1430 mm. In June 1971, Phil Read tested the 500 cc bike with the Seeley frame, and pronounced it the better of the two. The frame was then fitted to Spaggiari's bike as well. It was raced in 1972 by Bruno Spaggiari, Ermanno Guliano, and Phil Read.
Also, in June 1971, the first Ducati 750 GT models came out of the factory, distinguished by silver frames, metal-flake paint, fibreglass fuel tanks, 30 mm Amal carburettors, and twin leading shoe rear brakes. Taglioni experimented with four valve heads at this time, but failed to produce better power figures than his two valve heads, so the two valve racers continued. He continued to experiment with four valve heads right up to 1973.
In 1971 race results were spoilt by a run of gearbox and ignition problems. Phil Read's second to Agostini in the San Remo Grand Prix, and a fourth, also by Read, at Monza in the Grand Prix delle Nazione were the highlights of the season. A Seeley frame 750 cc had been tested by Mike Hailwood at Silverstone in August 1971 with a view to competing in Formula 750. Hailwood decided against it, saying he didn't think the handling was good enough. Taglioni had already produced a new frame, for the production bike, incorporating some of the Seeley features. He later said he felt the Seeley frame had been too light for the V-twins. They used the production frame for the 1972 Imola bikes.
The 200 Mile formula was first ro run in Italy in 1972, at Imola. Ducati prepared eight 750 cc bikes for the event. Paul Smart, Bruno Spaggiari, Ermanno Giuliano, and Alan Dunscombe were secured as riders. By now, the racing fever had set in, and the factory wanted to win. The bikes had the new factory frames and 750 engines, and were once more prepared in a very short time. Wherever possible, the bike was lightened, and new 40 mm Dell'Orto carburetors with accelerator pumps were used. These engines delivered at 8,500 rpm. In that Imola 200 held in April, Smart and Spaggiari came in first and second. The effect on Ducati sales was remarkable. Suddenly, a lot more people the world over knew about Ducati.
The current production 750GT now had a black frame, a new seat, and a red or black paint-job.
Racing success did not last long once Agostini's bike was improved. In May 1972, Bruno Spaggiari finished third in the Italian Grand Prix at Imola, with Paul Smart in fourth, reversing their finishing order in the 200 of a month before. Now the twin could not match Agostini on the MV triple.
Taglioni turned to fuel injection. Direct injection was tried on the 500 grand prix bike at a test session at Modena in March 1972. It was outlawed by the FIM as a form of supercharging soon after. By 1972 the racing bikes had Lockheed twin front discs with a single Lockheed rear disc. Unique leading axle Marzocchi front forks were used. In 1972 a three-cylinder 350 cc 12 valve dohc engine with a seven speed gearbox, was developed, based on a British Ricarclo engine. Fortunately for V-twin fans, it was not competitive.
The 1972 Ducati 750 Sport was released, initially using the 750GT frame with the wider seat section and upper rear shocks in line with the frame, but this was soon changed to a frame with a slimmer rear and the upper rear shock mounts outside the frame. While many components were still shared between the Sport and GT, the main differences were narrower fuel tank, bum-stop rear seat cowl, clip-on handlebars, and rearset foot controls, all giving the Sport its distinct racer persona. The Sport also had blacked out crankcase, 32 mm Dell'Orto carburettors, single seat and sports fuel tank. As with the 750 GT, Tartarini was the styling consultant. At the same time the single-cylinder street racer models were given a restyle, and a matching paint job to the 750 Sport
The last iteration of the 500 racer appeared during 1973, with belt driven double overhead camshafts, and a radial finned front cylinder. The camshaft belts were on the opposite side to the bevel gear shaft drives on earlier engines. The engine had been developed for Taglioni outside Ducati by Armaroli, and featured the reversed head layout found in the later Paso where the inlet ports face each other. It produced at 12,000 rpm, not a big increase. MV continued to win. In 1971 and 1972, the 500s, and later the 750s, were raced and displayed throughout the western world as part of a major publicity exercise to promote the Ducati name.
In 1973 there was a disastrous change of management personnel. The new boss was De Eccher. All racing projects, including the 500 four, 350 triple, and the 500 GP V-twin, were scrapped. Production was to end for the round case 750 models and all the single-cylinder models. Despite Ducati's withdrawal from racing, many privateers, tuners, and independent racing teams continued to campaign and develop their motorcycles.
In 1973 the production Ducati 750 SuperSport model was unveiled, with an Imola kit for the intending racers. The bike was distinguished by its slim green frame, gaping bell mouths on 40 mm Dell'Ortos, half fairing, fibreglass sports fuel tank with clear fuel-level strip down the side, and single seat.
By now the GT and Sport had steel fuel tanks. The GT had shorter rear shocks to lower seat height for the American market, but it meant the bike would ground out more easily when cornering. The Amals on the GT were replaced by 30 mm Dell'Ortos with accelerator pumps. This reduced fuel economy a little.
In 1973 the Barcelona 24-hour race was won by Canellas and Grau on a round case Ducati 750 SS converted into an 860 by the use of the Ducati 450 single-cylinder engine's sleeves and pistons. In 1974, the 860 GT went into production. The crankcases had been redesigned by Giugiaro, along with the rest of the bike, with a squared off look, quite unlike the flowing lines of the 750. The new boss De Eccher saw Ducati's future in US exports, and had engaged Giorgetto Giugiaro to do the external design work on the new 860 instead of Tartarini. Taglioni was made to redesign the outer engine cases to match Giugiaro's design. (The new 350 and 500 GTL sport vertical twins were also released, also externally designed by Giugiaro. The motors were not built by Taglioni. He had refused to be involved with them.)
Ducati sales fell. The 860 GTS did not sell well, and the vertical twins were hardly selling at all. De Eccher was out, and Taglioni was back in favour, and so, by association, was Tartarini. A hasty re-design of the fuel tank and seat was undertaken to create the 900GTS - a model destined to help the company regain some ground. At the same time plans were put in place to create two new models the Darmah and the Pantah.
In 1974, Australian importer Ron Angel entered a "Ducati 860 SS" in the Unlimited Production event at the Easter motorbike races at Bathurst, on the mountain. This was the biggest annual motorcycle event in Australia at the time. The bike was ridden by Kenny Blake, and defeated the then dominant Kawasaki Z1 900s on the day. It was sensational. The crowd loved it. Protests flew. Ron Angel immediately started advertising the bikes, saying a shipment was on the way. There was an investigation into the bona-fides of the bike by the governing body - the Auto Cycle Union of New South Wales. The bike was accepted when the Ducati factory sent a letter confirming that Ducati 860 SuperSports were being manufactured, and the ACU-NSW awarded the race to Blake and the 860 SuperSport. When the 900 SuperSport shipment finally did arrive, it was a different bike to the 860 SuperSport that had won Bathurst, but it was too late to matter. That special Bathurst bike had round cases, and looked identical to a green frame 750 SS, but with the 860 camshaft bearing mounts on the heads, and 860 SuperSport on the bike's side covers. Ron Angel later said that the bike had been built by Ducati at his request for the previous Bathurst, but was then ruled ineligible, so more work was done, and the bike was sent by sea, arriving in time for the race the following year, where it was presented as a production bike. It had special parts, including the Imola cams and the limited availability close ratio gearbox. The 2 kg inboard flywheel had been removed, but the bike did not have the straight cut primary gears of the Imola bikes. The camshaft bearing mounts were the only externally obvious 860 part. (The "900" models remained 860 cc.)
Ron Angel had previously brought Spaggiari's bike out to Australia after Imola, and Blake had ridden it in competition where the rules allowed. That bike had the straight cut primary gears."
In 1976 Tartarini did a makeover on the 860GT creating the Ducati Darmah SD900. It was an immediate success. The only new Giugiaro cased bevel models after this were the Mike Hailwood Replica, a cosmetic version of the NCR racers, and the S2. Unlike the SuperSport, the MHR bikes were not thinly disguised race bikes, but road bikes dressed as racers.
The Mille engine was not just an overbore of the 860, but a complete redesign of the engine. It had a one piece forged nitrided crankshaft, with plain big-end bearings and a larger oil pump with the oil pressure at 80 psi. The new crankshaft had an 80 mm stroke, and with the 88 mm bore, gave a 973 cc engine, and a 5% improvement in power. The complete MHR Mille weighed 198 kg dry. The gearbox and final ratios were altered to give a better spread of ratios, so that the performance gain is a little better than the horsepower and weight figures would suggest. A kick-starter was no longer available. A Nippon Denso starter motor was standard. The giugiario engine covers had finally disappeared.
The engine was available in the MHR Mille and S2 Mille. The MHR outsold the S2 nine to one.
The 1971 750 GT evolved through the late 1972 750 Sport and 1974 750SS into the 1975 900SS and the 1982 Mike Hailwood Replicas. Despite other variations, all these frames kept the typical Seely style chain adjusters.
Belt-driven camshafts.
When the 350 cc and 500 cc vertical twins were recognised as a marketing disaster, Taglioni went to work on the Pantah.
It came onto the market in 1980 as the red and silver 500SL. It used the same bore and stroke as the old 500 racers, 74 mm x 58 mm, but had a 60 degree included valve angle and belt driven camshafts. They were noticeably lacking in bottom end and mid range torque, but revved freely enough. The handling seemed less certain, and the 35 mm front forks lacked rigidity.
Enthusiasts soon found the final gearing too tall, and the intake and exhaust restrictive. If you changed those, you had a fast bike.
In 1981 Ducati Bipantah engine was derived by Pantah 500SL: it remained at prototype stage.
In 1981 the silver 600SL became available with fairing and hydraulic clutch activation. It had an 80 mm bore and the 58 mm stroke giving 583 cc (TT2 racer used 81 mm) By 1984 the last of the 600SL bikes had MHR paint.
In 1982 the 600TL was released, and the styling was promptly panned. They lasted till 1983.
In 1983 the 650SL came about because of the need to homologate the TT1 750 racer's 61.5 mm stroke. Instead of producing a production 750, the 650SL was born with 82 mm bore and the 61.5 mm stroke. Visually it was the same as the 600SL, but it had torque, and that was a big improvement.
Cagiva (CAstiglioni GIovanni VArese) company, founded by the Castiglioni brothers, took over Ducati Meccanica in 1985. Ducati engines promptly appeared in Cagiva motorcycles, such as the , and the .
The 650SL continued to be produced after the Cagiva take-over, and ended production in 1986.
In 1985 the Ducati F1 750 was released, based on the TT1 and TT2 racers, with full flow oil cooling rather than cylinder head bypass cooling, and cantilever rear suspension. The first production bikes used the same size valves as the 500 had, restricting performance. With its 1400 mm wheelbase, it was a smaller 750 than the world was used to, and ancillary parts were of mixed quality. Larger riders found it small, and the front wheel restricted tyre choice. Distinctive features included 38 mm Marzocchi front forks, fully floating disc brakes front and rear, hydraulically operated dry clutch, two into one exhaust, Nippon Denso instruments, and an aluminium petrol tank.
In 1986 the 750 F1 crankcases were strengthened, and now used straight cut primary gears, and a stronger gearbox. The valve sizes were increased to 41 mm and 35 mm, as used on the TT2, and this meant smaller 12 mm sparkplugs were fitted. Other features were 40 mm Forcella front forks, Veglia instruments, and a steel petrol tank.
This was the same year the liquid-cooled Desmoquattro engine appeared on a racer at 1986 24H of Montjuic. While air-cooled models are still produced, development since has focussed more on the liquid-cooled models.
The 750 F1 continued to be produced in 1987 and 1988. There were three limited edition models; the Montjuich, the Laguna Seca, and the Santa Monica. These used 40 mm Dell'Orto carburettors, hotter camshafts, a two into one Verlicchi exhaust, 4 piston Brembo calipers with fully floating discs all round, and an aluminium swingarm. These are considered the best of the 750 F1 models.
In the same way Ducati had sought Seely's frame expertise in 1970, Cagiva now went to Massimo Tamburini of Bimota to design a new frame and look for the 750 F1. The Ducati Paso was born, and was named in honour of Renzo Pasolini. The engine was no longer a stressed member of the frame. The cradle frame used M1R Marzocchi forks and rising rate rear suspension. It weighed 195 kg and had almost fully enclosed bodywork. The rear cylinder head was reversed so that both cylinders could share a single twin throat Weber carburettor. The Paso was the second proposal from Tamburini, the first, considered too expensive to produce by the Ducati board, became the Bimota DB1.
The Weber carburettor proved troublesome. Despite numerous tuning revisions owners were plagued with flat spots, backfiring, and throttle lag. The 750 Paso was produced until 1990.
In 1988 a 750 Sport was released, basically a Weber carbed Paso engine in a 750F1 frame, but with an aluminium swingarm.
In 1989 the liquid-cooled 906 Paso was introduced, with a 92 mm bore and 68 mm stroke, and a six speed gearbox, and weighing in at 205 kg.
With the release of the 906 Paso, an air-cooled version of the engine was put into a 1988 750 Sport frame, and the resulting bike called a 1989 900 SuperSport . It weighed just 180 kg, and came with a choice between full and half fairing. In 1990 the Weber was replaced by Mikuni 38 mm CV carburettors, with equal length intakes, while the frame was given a 25 degree steering rake, a reduced 1410 mm wheelbase, a new alloy swingarm, and an adjustable 41 mm Showa upside down forks.
In 1991 the liquid-cooled 907IE was released with Weber-Marelli fuel injection. Early in the model run the crankcases were strengthened, after some cracking in racing use. These had wheels, and four piston Brembo brake calipers. The 907IE ended production in 1992.
Also in 1991, a five speed 750 SuperSport was released with a single disc, and non-adjustable 41 mm Showa forks. A 400 SuperSport Junior was also released using the same 750SS running gear.
The 900 SuperLight appeared in 1992 as a limited edition model SuperSport with "monoposto" seat, upswept exhaust pipes, vented clutch cover, fully floating Brembo front discs, carbon fibre bits, and lightweight Marvic wheels and guards. In 1993 the vented clutch cover, fully floating Brembo front discs, and lightweight Marvic wheels and guards disappeared from the SuperLight, and there was now only the fully floating rear brake to differentiate the 900 SuperSport and SuperLight.
1993 saw the introduction of the (M900) Ducati Monster, a 900 SuperSport motor in a modified 851 frame. It weighed 184 kg, and had a low seat height of 770 mm. It was not a race bike or a tourer, but a naked boulevard cruiser crossed with a traffic light dragster. It was quite a sales success.
In 1994 a five speed 600 SuperSport and a five speed 600 Monster appeared. It was the original specification motor and gearbox, with all the improvements of contemporary models added. The 750 SuperSport was updated with twin 320 mm front discs, and a steel swing arm. The 900 SuperSport and SuperLight received uprated Showa forks, and in 1995, an oil temperature gauge was added to the instruments.
In 1996 the M900 gained fully adjustable Marzocchi forks. This was also the year Texas Pacific Group bought a 51% stake in the company for US$325 million, thus taking over from Cagiva, and renamed the company 'Ducati Motor SpA.
In 1998 came the 944 cc liquid-cooled Ducati ST2 Sports Turismo, with an engine descended from the earlier Paso 906 and 907ie.
In 2000 the 1000SS (992 cc) was released, weighing 185 kg, with a 1395 mm wheelbase.
In late 2003 the 620SS, 800SS, and 1000DS came on the market, still two valve, but with a narrower included valve angle.
The Multistrada 1000DS was ostensibly a supermoto bike, but with a more upright seating position. The 1000DS was a two valve dual spark SuperSport. The 1000DS motor has a 992 cc air-cooled 90° V-Twin, based on Ducati's existing liquid and air-cooled engines, with twin-spark plug heads, pressure fed plain camshaft bearings, redesigned crankshaft, higher oil pressure and volume, and new alloy clutch basket, drive and driven plates. The Multistrada 1000DS uses Ducati's signature trellis frame with fully adjustable 160 mm travel Showa forks up front, and a single-sided swingarm, with an Öhlins fully adjustable rear shock coupled with a rising rate, height-adjustable suspension system at the rear. Brembo "Serie Oro" calipers used front and rear. Front 320 mm discs, Brembo four piston calipers, single 245 mm rear disc, and steel-braided brake lines front and rear. The discs are now mounted directly to oversized hubs, eliminating the disc carriers.

</doc>
<doc id="6913140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913140" title="Erskine baronets">
Erskine baronets

There have been five baronetcies of the United Kingdom created for a person with the surname Erskine, two in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia, one in the Baronetage of Great Britain and two in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. Two of the creations are extant as of .

</doc>
<doc id="6913142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913142" title="She Doesn't Live Here Anymore">
She Doesn't Live Here Anymore

"She Doesn't Live Here Anymore" is a song by Roxette, released as the fourth and final single from their greatest hits compilation "Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! Roxette's Greatest Hits" (1995). The song had originally been written and recorded for the duo's 1994 studio album "Crash! Boom! Bang!" but, according to Marie Fredriksson, that version "sounded really tired", and has yet to be released. It was later re-recorded in July 1995 with members of Per Gessle's former band Gyllene Tider. It is the only song in Roxette's discography to not be produced by Clarence Öfwerman. "She Doesn't Live Here Anymore" was only released in Germany, Italy and the Netherlands, also in Hungary, in the Czech Republic peaking at number 86 on the German Singles Chart. The single included two remixed versions of "The Look" as b-sides. Its music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund.
Formats and track listings.
All songs written by Per Gessle, except "She Doesn't Live Here Anymore" lyrics by Gessle, music by Gessle and Mats "MP" Persson.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! Roxette's Greatest Hits".
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6913148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913148" title="Buknu">
Buknu

Buknu is a powdered mixture of several spices popular in parts of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Buknu is a very ancient recipe and is claimed to have medicinal values. It is used as both a spice and a condiment. Buknu's main ingredients include amchoor, salt, turmeric, cumin seeds, asafoetida, black cumin, black cardamom, and oil.
The recipe for Buknu likely originated in the [Kanpur city] of Uttar Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="6913154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913154" title="Arthur Dale Trendall">
Arthur Dale Trendall

Arthur Dale Trendall, (28 March 1909 – 13 November 1995) was a New Zealand art historian and classical archaeologist whose work on identifying the work of individual artists on Greek ceramic vessels at Apulia and other sites earned him international prizes and a papal knighthood. 
Life.
Educated at the University of Otago (1926–29) and the University of Cambridge (1931–33), Trendall was professionally associated with the University of Sydney and Australian National University. He was Deputy Vice-Chancellor and Master of University House at the latter institution. From 1969 until his death he was Resident Fellow at La Trobe University in Melbourne.
Wartime service.
In January 1940, with the encouragement of the Australian Army, Trendall, together with some colleagues at the University of Sydney, began to study Japanese codes. The others were the mathematicians Thomas Gerald Room and Richard Lyons and the classicist Athanasius Treweek. In May 1941 Room and Treweek attended a meeting at the Victoria Barracks in Melbourne with the Director of Naval Intelligence of the Royal Australian Navy, several Australian Army intelligence officers and Eric Nave, an expert Japanese cryptographer with the Royal Australian Navy. As a result it was agreed that Room's group, with the agreement of the University of Sydney, would move in August 1941 to work under Nave at the Special Intelligence Bureau in Melbourne. After the outbreak of war they were working for FRUMEL (Fleet Radio Unit Melbourne), a joint American-Australian intelligence unit, but when Lieutenant Rudolph Fabian took over command of FRUMEL and particularly when, in October 1942, FRUMEL was placed under direct control of the US Navy, civilians such as the member of Room's group were found surplus to requirements and returned to their academic posts.
Legacy.
According to Oliver Taplin, Trendall "almost single-handedly ... imposed order on the more than 20,000 known red-figure vases from Sicily, South Italy, Campania and Paestum, allocating each one to an area of production and approximate date, and attributing them to individual painters or groups of painters". Moreover, he was responsible for "superbly acute and well- informed observations on the subject-matter and interpretation of the vases, whether mythological, cultic, funerary, social, theatrical or artistic."
Honours.
In the New Years Honours of 1961, Trendall was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG), in recognition of his service as "Vice-Chancellor" of the Australian National University.
On 20 July 1961 he was appointed Cavaliere Ufficiale Ordine al Merito della Repubblica Italiana.
In the Australia Day Honours of 1976, he was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia.
In 1997 the Australian Academy of the Humanities, of which Prof. Trendall was a Foundation Fellow, inaugurated the Trendall Lectures. Some of those were published as printed booklets and others were published online or in the "Humanities Australia" journal. The Trendall Lecture "alternates between an Australian and an international scholar with a research interest in classical studies" and is delivered in conjunction with the conference of the Australasian Society for Classical Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="6913159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913159" title="Bunny Chow (Film)">
Bunny Chow (Film)



</doc>
<doc id="6913160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913160" title="Financial center">
Financial center



</doc>
<doc id="6913167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913167" title="Pârvu Mutu">
Pârvu Mutu

Pârvu Mutu ("Pârvu the Mute", nickname of "Pârvu Pârvescu"; 1657–1735) was a Wallachian Romanian muralist and church painter.
He was born in the town of Câmpulung as the sixth son of the Orthodox priest Ioan Pârvescu, and began his career as a church painter at the age of 12. He lived some 40 years in Moldavia, returning to Wallachia in 1702. In 1718 he retired to the , the place where he died.
Pârvu Mutu painted in fresco style the interiors of churches in Mărgineni, Măgureni, Cotroceni, Călinești, , Fiindenii Doamnei, Colțea, Bordești, Filipeștii de Pădure, and the New St. George Church in Bucharest. Many of his works were commissioned by the Cantacuzino family.
He is mostly remembered for his portraits and his frescoes of church founders.

</doc>
<doc id="6913169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913169" title="Meeniyan railway station">
Meeniyan railway station

Meeniyan was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until 1992 when the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait was closed. The line was dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.
The station grounds still retain a Pivot Shed, Goods platform, and the platform mound in reasonable condition, along with a mile marker 88 and a buffer stop in good condition.

</doc>
<doc id="6913171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913171" title="Larut Wars">
Larut Wars

The Larut Wars were a series of four wars that began in July 1861 and ended with the signing of the Pangkor Treaty of 1874. The conflicts were fought among local Chinese secret societies over the control of mining areas in Perak which later involved a rivalry between Raja Abdullah and Ngah Ibrahim, making it a war of succession.
First war (1861–1862).
The First Larut War began in July 1861 when arguments over control of watercourse to their mines escalated and led members of the Hai San Secret Society to drive the members of the Ghee Hin society out of Klian Baharu (now Kamunting). The Governor of the Straits Settlements, Orfeur Cavenagh intervened and the Mentri of Larut, Ngah Ibrahim, was made to compensate the Ghee Hin with $17,447 on behalf of the Sultan of Perak.
Second war (1865).
The Second Larut War took place in 1865 and was sparked by a gambling quarrel in June between members of the two opposing secret societies. The Hai San members took 14 Ghee Hin as prisoners, 13 of whom were killed. The 14th escaped to inform his clan and the Ghee Hin retaliated by attacking a Hai San village, razing it to the ground and killing 40 men in the process. The battle continued back and forth and spread to Province Wellesley and the island of Penang while other secret societies started to join the fray. Both sides were later exhausted and came to terms. An official inquiry took place and both the Hai San and Ghee Hin societies were fined $5,000 each for violating the peace of Penang and their leaders exiled.
By around 1870, there were a combined total of about 40,000 Hakka and Cantonese mine workers in the Larut district and the mining areas between the two groups were near to each other. It is this proximity that might explain how the next battle began.
Third war (1871–1872).
The Third Larut War was rumoured to have erupted in 1871 over a scandal – an extra-marital relationship involving the Ghee Hin leader and the wife of a nephew of the Hai San leader, Chung Keng Quee. Upon discovery, the couple was caught, tortured, put into a pig basket and thrown into a disused mining pond where they drowned. Avenging the death of their leader, the Ghee Hin had 4,000 mercenaries imported from mainland China via Penang attacked the Hai San and for the first time, the Hai San were driven out of Larut. About 10,000 Hai San men sought refuge in Penang. Months later, the Hai San supported by Ngah Ibrahim recovered their Matang and Larut mines. At this time, Raja Abdullah a claimant to the throne of Perak (in opposition to Sultan Ismail who was installed in Abdullah's absence) after Sultan Ali () died in 1871, and an enemy of Ngah Ibrahim, took sides against the Hai San and Ngah Ibrahim and the wars between the Chinese miners transformed into civil war involving the Malay chiefs of Perak.
Fourth war and the Pangkor Treaty (1873–1874).
The Fourth Larut War occurred in 1873. Weeks after the Hai San regained Larut, the Ghee Hin, supported by Raja Abdullah, counter-attacked with arms and men from Singapore and China. Ngah Ibrahim's properties in Matang were destroyed. Local Malay residents were also killed and their property, destroyed. Trouble spread to Krian, Pangkor and Dinding. The Malay chiefs who had taken sides in the Larut Wars were now alarmed at the disorder created by the Chinese miners and secret societies. The Straits Settlement Penang Chinese seeing their investments destroyed in the Larut Wars sought intervention from the British. Over 40,000 Chinese from the Go-Kuan and Si-Kuan were engaged in the war.
The Perak Sultanate, involved in a protracted succession struggle, was unable to maintain order. Things were increasingly getting out of hand and chaos was proving bad for the Malays, Chinese and British. In her book "The Golden Chersonese and The Way Thither" (published in 1892) Victorian traveller and adventuress Isabella Lucy Bird (1831–1904) describes how Raja Muda Abdullah as he turned to his friend in Singapore, Tan Kim Ching. Tan, together with an English merchant in Singapore drafted a letter to Governor Sir Andrew Clarke which Abdullah signed. The letter expressed Abdullah's desire to place Perak under British protection, and "to have a man of sufficient abilities to show (him) a good system of government". On 26 September 1872, Chung Keng Quee had already presented a petition, signed by himself and 44 other Chinese leaders, seeking British interference following the attack of 12,000 men of Chung Shan by 2,000 men of Sen Ning ().
The need to restore law and order in Perak gave cause for a new British policy concerning intervention in the affairs of the Malay States which resulted in the Pangkor Treaty. In 1874, the Straits Settlements governor Sir Andrew Clarke convened a meeting on Pulau Pangkor, at which Sultan Abdullah was installed on the throne of Perak in preference to his rival, Sultan Ismail.
Documents were signed on 20 January 1874 aboard "The Pluto" at Pangkor Island to settle the Chinese dispute, clear the succession dispute and pave the way for the acceptance of British Residency – Captain Speedy was appointed to administer Larut as assistant to the British Resident.
Chung Keng Quee and Chin Ah Yam, leaders of the Hai San and Ghee Hin, respectively, were ennobled by the British with the title of Chinese Kapitan and the town of Larut was renamed Taiping ("太平" in Chinese, meaning "everlasting peace") as a confirmation of the new state of truce. Three days later, Chung Keng Quee was appointed a member of the Pacification Commission headed by Captain S. Dunlop and Messrs. Frank Swettenham and William A. Pickering – one of the objectives of the commission was to arrange an amicable settlement of the squabbles over the tin mines at Larut.
The Commissioners decided to allocate the mines in Klian Pauh (Taiping) to the Hai Sans and the mines in Klian Bharu (Kamunting) to the Ghee Hins.
Scholar Irene Liao has connected with this settlement the establishment in the 1880s in Taiping of the first temple in the Malay peninsula devoted to goddess He Xiangu (何仙姑). Liao sees the establishment of the temple as an "effort to reconcile" after the wars, and "as part of a cultural strategy to symbolically integrate all Guangdong immigrants into one community". Many Chinese miners came from Zengcheng District, the main center of the cult of He Xiangu.
Aftermath.
The newly appointed British Resident Minister James W. W. Birch was assassinated in 1875 on the orders of Lela Pandak Lam (alias Dato Maharaja Lela). Lela was a prince and mufti from Upper Perak, who was either motivated to protect his economic interests by restoring slavery, which had been prohibited by the British or to restore Perakian independence, a view commonly held by modern Malaysian nationalists. In the resulting Perak War (1875–1876), the British defeated the rebels, executed Lela and expelled both Raja Abdullah and Ngah Ibrahim to the Seychelles on the accusation that they had been involved in the conspiracy to assassinate Birch. The British appointed Yusuf Sharifuddin Muzaffar Shah as regent of Perak in 1877 and appointed him as the new Sultan of Perak in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="6913174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913174" title="Pop Levi">
Pop Levi

Pop Levi (born Jonathan James Mark Levi, 22 September 1977) is an English singer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer.
Biography.
Levi grew up in the suburbs of Birmingham and attended Shrewsbury School, a public school in Shropshire between 1991 and 1994 where he would skip church to write songs in the basement. In 1997, Levi re-located to Liverpool to study at LIPA and formed the experimental instrumental band Super Numeri with Karl Webb and James Morgan who signed to Ninja Tune in 2002 and released albums "Great Aviaries" in 2003 and "The Welcome Table" in 2005. During this period, Levi also played bass for Ladytron live and on the album Witching Hour.
In 2004, Levi released singles "Rude Kinda Love" and "Reindeer In My Heart" on the independent "Invicta Hi-Fi" label set up by Daniel Hunt of Ladytron. A planned follow-up single in 2005 entitled "Kissed Her Sister" was shelved along with the album "Foxwatch", and Levi formed The Emergencies with organ player Jake Field and Zukanican members, rhythm guitarist Dominic Lewington (AKA Domino), bass player Harry Sumnall and drummer James Pagella. The band played regularly around Liverpool as "Pop Levi &amp; The Emergencies" including slots at the Merseyside Unity Music Festival and Unite Against Racism Festival. Now backed by The Emergencies, Levi released "Blue Honey", his last single on "Invicta Hi-Fi", before signing to Ninja Tune. After signing the new deal, Levi moved to Los Angeles which resulted in The Emergencies disbanding. With Lewington still on board, Levi recruited drummer Marius Simonsen and bass player Luke Muscatelli (AKA Lucky Beaches) and the band moved to the US, living together in the same house in Echo Park, Los Angeles. The new backing band was named "Woman".
In February 2007, Levi released his debut solo album on Counter Records, an imprint specifically created for Levi by Ninja Tune. "The Return to Form Black Magick Party" was self-produced and recorded over several years, solely on a lap top &amp; D16 recording machine, at Liverpool studio/rehearsal space The Kif (where a previous Super Numeri album was recorded) and whilst on tour with Ladytron in a number of different locations in "England, China, France, Greece, LA, New York" such as "on trains, in planes, in warehouses, on the top of Cathedrals, at the beach, in bathrooms, hotel rooms and tombs. I made sure to capture the first take of everything I recorded and then took the tracks to Sacramento to be mixed". The album was toured extensively across the US, UK, Europe and Australia, and was listed as one of Lauren Laverne's favourite artists to make it big in 2007 on BBC Two's "The Culture Show".
In July 2008, Levi released the follow-up album "Never Never Love", which was preceded by the single "Dita Dimoné" which made BBC Radio 6's 'Record Of The Week'. Levi set out to make the follow-up, in contrast to the loose feel of the debut, sound artificial and soulless, that it sounded "like Japanese toys falling in and out of love with each other". The album was recorded at Westbeach Recorders and Westlake Recording Studios, in the same room Quincy Jones recorded Michael Jackson's Thriller and Off The Wall albums. Following the recording of the album, Lewington was asked to leave, returning to England to pursue solo projects, while Simonsen returned to Norway and joined pop band Montée, leaving Levi with no band to tour the album. Levi and Muscatelli played sporadic shows across LA as a duo, with Muscatelli shifting from bass guitar to synth bass. Aside from a handful of solo acoustic shows in London, there was also no tour to support the album in the UK either.
2008 also saw the emergence of Levi's World Empire, Inc. film and music production company. In September, the 37th Festival Nouveau Cinema in Montréal held the world premiere of "You Don't Gotta Run", a surreal 37-minute docu-featurette directed by auteur Lucky Beaches and starring Levi.
A planned double album of home demos and outtakes entitled "Micro Sex Tapes", which was originally set for release in 2009 was never released. A stand-alone double A-Side single "Police $ign/Terrifying (For Kenneth Anger)" was released in June 2009, with a new lineup featuring drummer Hayden Scott. An early version of Police $ign was featured in the in-game soundtrack of Gran Turismo 5.
In 2009, Levi travelled to Norway where drummer Simonsen was now based to record his third album, tentatively titled "Records", which was intended to be live and raw sounding. The album was recorded in a mountain-top converted barn and re-titled "Smack Musick", however, after being left in a state of limbo for 2 years, with the last scheduled release date being March 2011, it was eventually shelved.
In April 2011, "Levitation Vol. 1" was temporarily made available as a free download via worldempireinc.com. The 14 track mixtape was recorded and mixed mostly in 2010-11 at The White Arc, Levi's studio in Los Angeles. The release was followed up by "Motorcycle 666" in July 2011, recorded during the "Smack Musick" sessions in Norway. The b-side "Rock Solid" was recorded at The White Arc. The single was backed by select dates in London and Liverpool, with a new lineup with Muscatelli now on guitar.
Levi has also produced and performed with Canadian-born artist and American Apparel model Bunny Holiday in Los Angeles and on a five-city tour of China. In 2010 Pop Levi and Bunny Holiday directed the music video for former N.W.A star Arabian Prince's "Let's Hit The Beach" single on Stones Throw Records. The duo also directed a music video for "The Look" to promote the 2010 VansXStüssy shoe collaboration.
Levi's song "Sugar Assault Me Now" was used in the trailers for the 2010 film, "Get Him to the Greek" and his music has also been featured in numerous television shows including Chuck, Entourage and 90210.
In November 2012, Levi released his third solo studio album "Medicine", his last for Counter Records. The album was preceded by single "Strawberry Shake", featuring a remix by Tom Vek, and followed by 5-track EP "Starlight &amp; Wonder Vol. 1". An album showcase gig set to take place at The Lexington, London was cancelled at the last minute due to change in artist management.
In November 2013, Levi released "Secrets" under the pseudonym Jr. Hi via Neon Gold Records, featuring guest vocals by The Weeknd. Levi's management Roxwell had previously confirmed that Levi had been working with a number of artists including The Weeknd, Kimbra, Switch and Robert DeLong. In February 2014 a second track "Trillion Girls" was released, featuring guest vocals from Childish Gambino.
In December 2013, Levi wrote and produced the Childish Gambino song "The Party" for the album "Because the Internet", which was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 2015 Grammy Awards.
In September 2014, Levi and Bunny Holiday formed the Industrial/Electronic duo crush_DLX, releasing through their SoundCloud 1 track a day for 370 days in an Audio Series format called MICRO SEX TAPES 370º. The series has produced collaborations with Ariel Pink and Cabaret Voltaire founder Stephen Mallinder.
In 2020, Levi signed to Toronto based label "Boiled Records". On 2 December 2020, he released the album "Mark Of Paradise". This was quickly followed up by "Juicy Diamond" on 17 March 2021.
In February 2022, Levi started a new band with Muscatelli under the project name "The Big Kill".
Discography.
Solo.
Albums
EPs
Remix
Singles
Mixtape
w/ Snap Ant.
Albums
Filmography.
Music videos.
The following are the music videos starring and/or directed by Pop Levi.

</doc>
<doc id="6913179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913179" title="2006 San Diego Chargers season">
2006 San Diego Chargers season

The 2006 season was the San Diego Chargers' 37th season in the National Football League (NFL), the 47th overall and the fifth and final campaign under head coach Marty Schottenheimer. They improved on their 9–7 record in 2005 and finished the campaign as the No. 1 seed in the AFC ending the season at 14–2, the best record in the NFL in 2006 and also the best for Schottenheimer in his 21 seasons as an NFL head coach. Their two regular season losses were by a combined 6 points. However, the team would experience a disappointing home-field playoff loss for the second time in the past three seasons losing in the final minutes, this time to the New England Patriots 24–21. This was the first of four consecutive AFC West titles for the Chargers.
Running back LaDainian Tomlinson led the league in rushing with 1,815 yards, as well as setting NFL single-season records for rushing touchdowns (28) and total touchdowns (31). It was the final season the Chargers wore their powder blue-free uniforms.
The 2006 Chargers are widely considered to be one of the greatest teams to not make the Super Bowl.
Off-season.
The Chargers did not re-sign All–Pro quarterback Drew Brees to a contract, Brees had suffered a torn labrum in his throwing shoulder in the final game of the season, and turned instead to 2004 1st round selection Philip Rivers. Brees would later sign a contract with the New Orleans Saints as a free agent and make a complete recovery.
Chargers ownership announced in January that the team would no longer attempt to place a proposal for a new stadium on the November ballot as they were not able to locate private partners to facilitate financing of the project. The team had begun talks with city officials in 2002 stating that Qualcomm Stadium was inadequate to meet the financial needs of the franchise, and that they needed the city's help in building a new stadium to remain competitive.
2006 NFL draft.
In the NFL draft, the Chargers used their first pick on Florida State cornerback Antonio Cromartie. They used their second pick on Auburn offensive tackle Marcus McNeill. The remainder of their draft picks were Clemson quarterback Charlie Whitehurst, Iowa State linebacker Tim Dobbins, Kansas State offensive tackle Jeromey Clary, Virginia kicker Kurt Smith, North Carolina defensive end Chase Page, and Virginia Tech offensive tackle Jimmy Martin.
Training camp.
Expectations varied for the Chargers' 2006 season. Questions centered on the play of the untested QB Rivers in his first season starting, and with the offensive line, especially at the crucial left tackle position. OLT Roman Oben injury in 2005 had a negative impact on all aspects of the offense and his replacement Lender Jordan ability to protect QB Rivers blindside was unproven. Jordan was injured in training camp and 2nd round draft pick OT Marcus McNeill landed the starting job and went on to have a Pro Bowl season. Defensively, the front seven remained talented and solid. LB depth was tested with Steve Foley's off-the-field injury; however, his replacement OLB Shaun Phillips (42 tackles, 23 assists, 11.5 sacks) came through with a major quality performance. The unit returned numerous key players, including nose tackle Jamal Williams, DE Luis Castillo, DE Igor Olshansky and 2005 Defensive Rookie of the Year Shawne Merriman, that made the Chargers the best team in the NFL against the run in 2005 season. Another area of concern was in the secondary, Cromartie, who sat out his last season at Florida State with a knee injury, is talented but inexperience was not expected to contribute right away . Cromartie filled the 3rd CB role for the team and pressed starting CB Drayton Florence for playing time. Safety play became more of a concern particularly with the arrest of DB Terrence Kiel by federal law enforcement officials on drug charges during the regular season and the re-injury to DB Bhawoh Jue's knee.
Regular season.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Oakland Raiders.
The Chargers opened the season on September 11, 2006, with a 27–0 victory over the division rival Oakland Raiders. This second game of a "Monday Night Football" doubleheader marked the first time the Chargers had shut out the Raiders since a 44–0 win in 1961.
LaDainian Tomlinson led the Chargers with 31 carries for 131 yards, while Philip Rivers, in his debut as an NFL starting quarterback, completed 8 of 11 pass attempts for 108 yards with one touchdown pass and no interceptions. The Chargers' defense stifled the Raiders' running game, holding Raiders RB Lamont Jordan to 20 yards on 10 carries, and recorded 9 quarterback sacks against Raiders QBs Aaron Brooks and Andrew Walter. Three of those sacks belonged to second-year LB Shawne Merriman.
With the win, the Chargers extended their winning streak against Oakland to six games, while head coach Marty Schottenheimer improved his head coaching record against the Raiders to 26–7. Schottenheimer also earned his 187th career victory, passing Chuck Knox to become the seventh-winning-est head coach in NFL history.
That shutout also marked the second time ever that Oakland had been shut out in their own stadium, the second being the Denver Broncos and the third being the St. Louis Rams as the Chargers picked up their 6th straight win over the Raiders and started their season 1–0.
Week 2: vs. Tennessee Titans.
The Chargers hosted the Tennessee Titans in their Week 2 home-opener, winning 40–7. Tomlinson rushed for two touchdowns and tied Lance Alworth for the Chargers record for most career touchdowns with 83. Vince Young spoiled the Chargers bid for a second straight shutout by throwing a touchdown pass late in the fourth quarter, though the 7 straight quarters of holding the opponent scoreless were the most to open a season since the 1977 Raiders. With the win, the Chargers went into their bye week at 2–0.
Philip Rivers completed 25 passes out of 35 attempts, racking up 235 yards and a touchdown.
Week 4: at Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off of their Bye, the Chargers traveled to M&amp;T Bank Stadium to take on the Baltimore Ravens. The Chargers drew first blood as QB Philip Rivers completed a 31-yard TD pass to WR Malcom Floyd. However, the Ravens would tie the game up with QB Steve McNair completing a 5-yard TD pass to TE Daniel Wilcox. In the second quarter, kicker Nate Kaeding would give the Chargers some comfort, as he kicked a 34-yard and a 54-yard field goal (a then career long) to give San Diego the lead at halftime.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Ravens slowly started to climb back. Late in the fourth quarter, after giving Baltimore an intentional safety (instead of punting deep from their own end zone), the Chargers hoped that their defense could hold up and prevent any chance of a comeback. Unfortunately, McNair led the offense throughout the closing minutes and scored the game-winning touchdown with a 10-yard TD pass to TE Todd Heap. With their loss, the Chargers fell to 2–1.
Week 5: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
Hoping to rebound from their last-second loss to the Ravens, the Chargers flew back home and donned their throwback uniforms for a Sunday Night match-up with the defending Super Bowl champions, the Pittsburgh Steelers. The Chargers struggled early as their offense actually had −2 total yards, while the defense gave up a 9-yard TD run by RB Willie Parker in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Chargers continued to trail, as Steelers kicker Jeff Reed completed a 39-yard field goal. San Diego would start to get back into the game, as QB Philip Rivers completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Malcom Floyd. In the third quarter, the Chargers charged right into the lead, as kicker Nate Kaeding kicked a 28-yard field goal, while Rivers hooked up with TE Antonio Gates for a 22-yard TD strike. In the fourth quarter, Kaeding put the game away with a 33-yard and a 22-yard field goal, while the defense squashed any hope of a Steeler comeback as the Chargers improved to 3–1.
Week 6: at San Francisco 49ers.
Riding high from their win over Pittsburgh, the Chargers traveled up north to Candlestick Park for a Week 6 fight with their other state rival, the San Francisco 49ers. In the first quarter, San Diego struck first as QB Philip Rivers completed a 57-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates, yet the Niners tied the game with QB Alex Smith completing a 15-yard TD pass to WR Bryan Gilmore. RB LaDainian Tomlinson helped the Chargers retake the lead, as he got a 5-yard TD run. In a topsy-turvy second quarter, points were flying everywhere. It began with 49ers kicker Joe Nedney kicking a 42-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Chargers retook the lead as Rivers hooked up with WR Vincent Jackson on a 33-yard TD strike, followed by Tomlinson getting a 1-yard TD run. Then, Smith connected with FB Moran Norris on a 2-yard pass for San Francisco, which was followed up with the Niners getting a safety from an intentional grounding penalty. Tomlinson would get another 1-yard TD run to end the quarter. In the second half, San Diego scored 13 unanswered points to seal the game, with kicker Nate Kaeding kicking two field goals (24-yarder in the third quarter and a 44-yarder in the fourth quarter) and Tomlinson iced the game with one more 5-yard touchdown run. With their victory, the Chargers improved to 4–1.
Week 7: at Kansas City Chiefs.
The Chargers flew to Arrowhead Stadium for a Week 7 fight with their AFC West rival, the Kansas City Chiefs. In the first quarter, San Diego fell behind early with KC QB Damon Huard completing an 11-yard TD pass to TE Kris Wilson and a 21-yard TD pass to WR Eddie Kennison. In the second quarter, the Chargers got on the board with kicker Nate Kaeding making a 39-yard field goal, yet Kansas City would respond with an 11-yard run by RB Larry Johnson. Kaeding made a 31-yard field goal for San Diego to end the half. In the third quarter, both teams swapped touchdowns, as QB Philip Rivers threw a 1-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates, while Johnson got a 1-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, RB LaDainian Tomlinson caught a 37-yard TD pass and then threw a 1-yard TD pass to TE Brandon Manumaleuna. Kansas City Chiefs kicker Lawrence Tynes was good on a 53-yard field goal to seal the win for Kansas City, dropping San Diego to 4–2.
Week 8: vs. St. Louis Rams.
The Chargers returned home for a Week 8 fight with the St. Louis Rams. In the first quarter, RB LaDainian Tomlinson completed a 2-yard TD run and a 38-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the Rams climbed into the contest with RB Steven Jackson completing a 3-yard TD run for the Rams' only score of the period. In the third quarter, San Diego gained some distance in their lead, as free safety Marlon McCree returned a fumble 79 yards for a touchdown. St. Louis got a field goal, as kicker Jeff Wilkins hit from 34 yards out. The Chargers also got a field goal, as kicker Nate Kaeding was good from 31 yards out. In the fourth quarter, San Diego RB Michael Turner scored on a 14-yard TD run, while Rams QB Marc Bulger completed a 7-yard TD pass to WR Shaun McDonald. The Chargers responded with QB Philip Rivers completing a 25-yard TD pass to Tomlinson, while Bulger completed a 6-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Curtis, in favor of St. Louis. In the end, the Chargers improved to 5–2.
Week 9: vs. Cleveland Browns.
The Chargers at home, donned their throwback jerseys and played a Week 9 fight against the Cleveland Browns. In the first quarter, both sides would limit each other to a field goal. Chargers kicker Nate Kaeding would complete a 29-yard field goal, while Browns kicker Phil Dawson completed a 37-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Dawson would help Cleveland take the lead on a 20-yard field goal. San Diego a defensive touchdown as back as LB Marques Harris recovered a fumble in the Browns end zone. The Brown's would retake the lead with Dawson nailing a 42-yard and a 30-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Chargers RB LaDainian Tomlinson got a 41-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Dawson helped the Browns by converting a 36-yard field goal, San Diego continued to add to their total with Tomlinson getting a 7-yard TD run. Dawson would get one more field goal (from 35 yards out), the Chargers continued to score touchdowns as Tomlinson ran one in from 8-yard out. QB Philip Rivers completed a 2-point conversion pass to WR Vincent Jackson. Afterwards, Cleveland would get its only touchdown of the game, as QB Charlie Frye hooked up with WR Braylon Edwards on a 4-yard pass. In the end, San Diego came out on top and improved to 6–2.
Week 10: at Cincinnati Bengals.
In a high scoring contest the San Diego Chargers overcame two 21-point deficits to take down the Cincinnati Bengals on the road. The game started off with Carson Palmer completing 7 of his first 10 passes and with two short runs by Jeremi Johnson and Rudi Johnson plus a long pass to Chad Johnson of 51 yards the Bengals were dominating the Chargers going up 21–0 after the first quarter. The Chargers were able to get things working a little bit in the second quarter with LaDainian Tomlinson running a TD in from 9-yds out to shrink the deficit to 21–7, but a 7-yd pass to Chris Henry finished the first half with the Bengals up 28–7. The Chargers came out for the third quarter and rebounded with a 4-yd run by LT and a 46-yd pass from Philip Rivers to WR Malcom Floyd to make it a 28–21 game. Cincinnati responded by driving down field again; however, this time they had to settle for a field goal to make the score 31–21. Philip Rivers lead the Chargers down field with a 9-play 80-yd drive capped off with a 9-yd strike to TE Brandon Manumaleuna to get within 3 making it 31–28. But the Chargers defense lapsed again with no one covering Johnson when Palmer passed him the ball for a 74-yd reception to make it 38–28. The Chargers drove down field again and ended the third quarter in position to shrink the lead allowing the team to start off the final quarter of play with a 2-yd run to make the score 38–35. Then after the kickoff Chargers Linebacker Shaun Phillips sacked Carson Palmer on first down forcing a fumble that was recovered by the Chargers. A 9-yd run by LaDainian Tomlinson gave the Chargers their first lead by the score of 42–38. The Bengals came within one with a 44-yd kick making it 42–41, but the Bolts were not to be denied as Rivers led yet another drive down field ending with a shovel pass to Manumaleuna who wasn't covered to make the score 49–41 and the Chargers officially tied their biggest comeback in team history with LaDainian Tomlinson getting 108-yds rushing and 4 rushing TDs and Philip Rivers passing for 24 of 36 and 337 yds with three touchdowns.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 7–2.
Week 11: at Denver Broncos.
LaDainian Tomlinson made history by becoming the fastest running back to reach 100 career TDs by doing it in 89 games, eclipsing the mark set by Emmitt Smith and Jim Brown of 93 games. He also continued his march toward beating Shaun Alexander's single-season TD record by scoring 4 TDs to bring his total to 22, just 5 short of tying Alexander's mark. Philip Rivers had a good day as well, throwing 19 of 26 for 222 yards and two TDs, although he did throw two picks including a 31-yard interception return for a TD by Denver cornerback Darrent Williams. The game started out with Tomlinson running it in from 3 yards out to make it 7–0 San Diego. Denver's Mike Bell ran for two TDs in during the 2nd quarter to make it a 14–7 Denver lead at halftime. After the break, Denver continued the scoring with a Jason Elam's 42-yd field goal and Williams INT return to make it a 24–7 lead for Denver. But just like last week against the Bengals, the Chargers wouldn't say die putting together two scoring drives including a 3-yard run by LT, his 100th TD, and a 51-yd pass to LT by Rivers to cut the lead to 24–21 at the end of the third quarter. Elam helped the Broncos' cause by hitting a 38-yd kick to extend the Broncos' lead to 27–21, but that only lasted until Rivers found Vincent Jackson open at the back of the end zone to put the Chargers up 28–27. On the ensuing Broncos drive, Drayton Florence then intercepted Jake Plummer's 4th and 4 pass to give the Bolts terrific field position that set up a 1-yard run by LT to make it 35–27; it was his 4th TD of the night and 102nd of his career. That left Denver 1:14 to try to tie the game. They started that drive from their 3 and made it all the way to the Chargers 32 in part to a personal foul on Chargers defensive end Igor Olshansky, who was ejected for punching Broncos center Tom Nalen. The Broncos' hopes for overtime ended when Plummer was sacked by Shaun Phillips and time ran out, giving San Diego their first win in Denver in 7 years as well as sole position of first place in the AFC West and improved their record to 8–2.
Week 12: vs. Oakland Raiders.
LaDainian Tomlinson ran in two TDs and threw for one to give San Diego its third straight comeback win. He then had 21 rushing touchdowns on the year and brought his career QB record to 7 completions out of 10 attempts with 6 touchdowns. Philip Rivers, on the other hand, struggled completing 14 of 31 passes and throwing for only a 133 yards with no touchdowns and 1 interception. The Chargers swept the Raiders and had then won seven straight from Oakland. The scoring started with the Raiders making it 7–0 after a 1-yard pass from Aaron Brooks to Reshard Lee. The Chargers answered back when Antonio Cromartie returned the ensuing kick 91 yards, which set up a 2-yard run by LT to tie the score at 7–7 going into the half. The Raiders took the lead again on a catch and run by rookie John Madsen that set up a 2-yard pass from Brooks to Madsen to make it 14–7 Oakland. On 4th and 2, Rivers passed to Vincent Jackson for a first down, but Jackson proceeded to get up and throw the ball forward in celebration, but he hadn't been touched down. The initial ruling was that it was a fumble and Oakland's ball; however, after the officials got together for a conference they declared that since it was an illegal forward fumble that it was technically an illegal forward pass and San Diego was then given back the ball and penalized 5 yards, which was still enough for the first down. The game continued and on the next play, Rivers pitched the ball to Tomlinson as if it were a run play but then threw the ball to an open Antonio Gates to tie the score at 14–14. After forcing Oakland to punt, the Chargers drove down field and LT ran it in from 10 yards out to give the Chargers the 21–14 win.
With the win, the Chargers had won 7 straight games over the Raiders and improved their record to 9–2.
Week 13: at Buffalo Bills.
Coming off a season-sweep over the Raiders, the Chargers flew to Ralph Wilson Stadium for a cold Week 13 fight against the throwback-clad Buffalo Bills. This game would also mark the return of San Diego's star linebacker Shawne Merriman after his four-game suspension for failing a test for performance-enhancing drugs. In the first quarter, the Chargers drew first blood with kicker Nate Kaeding's 42-yard field goal and RB LaDainian Tomlinson's 51-yard TD run. In the second quarter, San Diego got the only score of the period with QB Philip Rivers completing an 11-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates. In the third quarter, the Bills started to come back with QB J. P. Losman completing a 5-yard TD pass to TE Robert Royal, while RB Willis McGahee got a 2-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, the Chargers distanced themselves from Buffalo with Tomlinson's 2-yard TD run. The Bills would get another touchdown, with Losman completing a 6-yard pass to WR Peerless Price. San Diego would emerge as the victor. With their sixth-straight win, the Chargers improved to 10–2.
Week 14: vs. Denver Broncos.
The game featured newly appointed rookie Denver QB Jay Cutler. In a stark contrast to the come-from-behind victory against Denver earlier in the season, San Diego scored early and often in this game, leading the game 28–3 at halftime. It was all Denver in the 3rd quarter, the Broncos closing the gap to 28–20, but San Diego bounced back in the fourth quarter with 20 unanswered points, winning the game 48–20. The win, as well as a Kansas City Chiefs loss earlier in the day, clinched the AFC West Division for San Diego. With the Indianapolis Colts also losing earlier in the day, San Diego gained the best record in the AFC (11–2). In addition, with his 7-yard rushing touchdown toward the end of the 4th quarter (his third of the game), RB LaDainian Tomlinson broke the NFL single-season touchdown record (29) (26 Rushing, 3 receiving), set by the Seattle Seahawks' RB Shaun Alexander (28) in the previous season.
Week 15: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
After a 3-point loss earlier in the year, the Chargers were set to split the season series with the Kansas City Chiefs. Kansas City meanwhile was reeling from a loss against Baltimore, and the death of the team's owner, Lamar Hunt. In this game the Chargers were again led to victory by LaDainian Tomlinson who scored twice, breaking the NFL single-season scoring record held by Paul Hornung for the last 46 years. The latter was an 85-yard touchdown rush which is the longest of his career. He also broke Shaun Alexander and Priest Holmes's shared Single Season Rushing TD record by getting 28 rushing touchdowns and added to the record he set last week for total touchdowns with 31 (28 rushing, 3 receiving). Moreover, he set the record for most consecutive Multi-Touchdown Games with 8.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 12–2.
Week 16: at Seattle Seahawks.
San Diego took the lead late in the second quarter when Philip Rivers threw a TD to WR Vincent Jackson, giving San Diego a 7–0 lead going into halftime. Rivers had a bad first half completing only 1 of 10 passes, the only completion being a touchdown. The 3rd quarter saw San Diego add to their lead making it 10–0. But Seattle RB Shaun Alexander narrowed the gap with a rushing TD making it 10–7, San Diego would answer back with a field goal to make it 13–7, but on Seattle's ensuing drive they allowed another Alexander TD to make the score 14–13 and they would allow a field goal to give Seattle a 17–13 lead. With time running out San Diego drove down the field and Rivers would connect with a 37-yd pass to Jackson to give the Chargers a 20–17 lead with only :29 seconds remaining. The defense would hold and the Chargers continued their winning ways setting a team record 13th win. The win also clinched a first round bye and set up the Chargers to control their own destiny the next week against Arizona, as a win would clinch them homefield advantage throughout the playoffs.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 13–2.
Week 17: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
With the San Diego Chargers on their way to owning the AFC's top seed in the playoffs, Rivers threw two touchdown passes after injuring his right foot, and LaDainian Tomlinson also limped off after wrapping up his first NFL rushing title in leading the Chargers to a 27–20 win over the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday. The Chargers clinched home-field advantage throughout the AFC playoffs. They'd already earned a first-round bye, which gave Rivers and Tomlinson time to heal. Their exact injuries weren't disclosed. Tomlinson ran for 66 yards, giving him 1,815 and the league rushing title. He beat Larry Johnson of the division rival Kansas City Chiefs, who had 1,789. Tomlinson did not score for the second straight game, but he already was the league's most prolific scorer in a single season, with 31 touchdowns and 186 points.
With the win, the Chargers finished the season at 14–2.
Postseason.
The Chargers had a first-round bye as a result of being the number one seed in the AFC.
Game summary.
AFC Divisional Playoffs: vs. New England Patriots.
In the divisional playoffs, the New England Patriots faced a San Diego Chargers team who were unbeaten at home in the regular season. The Chargers boasted a roster that included eleven Pro Bowlers, six All-Pro players, and league MVP running back LaDainian Tomlinson, who had shattered several league records. However, four turnovers, three of which were converted into Patriots scoring drives, eventually led to the demise of the Chargers. San Diego ended up losing despite outgaining the Patriots in rushing yards, 148–51 and total yards, 352–327, while also intercepting three passes from Tom Brady.
In the first quarter, after San Diego coach Marty Schottenheimer opted to go for it on 4th-and-11 instead of attempting a 47-yard field goal, quarterback Philip Rivers lost a fumble while being sacked by Mike Vrabel, setting up Stephen Gostkowski's 51-yard field goal with 40 seconds left in the period. In the second quarter, Chargers receiver Eric Parker's 13-yard punt return set up a 48-yard scoring drive that ended with LaDainian Tomlinson's 2-yard touchdown run, giving his team a 7–3 lead. Then, on the Patriots' next drive, linebacker Donnie Edwards intercepted a pass from Brady and returned it to the 41-yard line. But the Chargers ended up punting after Rivers was sacked on third down by defensive back Artrell Hawkins. Later in the quarter, Tomlinson rushed twice for 13 yards and took a screen pass 58 yards to the Patriots' 6-yard line, setting up a 6-yard touchdown run by Michael Turner with 2:04 left in the half. New England responded with a 72-yard scoring drive, with receiver Jabar Gaffney catching four passes for 46 yards, including a 7-yard touchdown reception with six seconds left in the half, cutting their deficit to 14–10.
In the third quarter, Brady threw his second interception of the game. But once again, the Chargers were forced to punt after Rivers was sacked on third down. Mike Scifres' 36-yard punt pinned New England back at their own 2-yard line, and San Diego subsequently forced a punt, but Parker muffed the kick and New England's David Thomas recovered the fumble at the Chargers' 31-yard line. New England's drive seemed to stall after Brady fumbled on 3rd and 13. Patriots' tackle Matt Light recovered it and Chargers defensive back Drayton Florence drew a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty for a personal foul. The drive continued and Gostkowski eventually kicked a 34-yard field goal to cut their deficit to 14–13. Then, on San Diego's next drive, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin made an interception of a Rivers pass at the New England 36-yard line. The Patriots then drove to the Chargers 41-yard line, but were halted there and had to punt. After the punt, Rivers completed two passes to tight end Antonio Gates for 31 yards and a 31-yard pass to Vincent Jackson, setting up Tomlinson's second rushing touchdown to give the Chargers an 8-point lead, 21–13.
New England responded by driving to San Diego's 41-yard line. On a fourth-down conversion attempt, Brady's pass was intercepted by Marlon McCree, but Troy Brown stripped the ball, and receiver Reche Caldwell recovered it. Schottenheimer then called a timeout challenging the officials call of interception and fumble by McCree. The Chargers forfeited the time out when the official ruling of the play was upheld. Four plays later, Brady threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Caldwell. On the next play, running back Kevin Faulk took a direct snap and scored the two-point conversion, tying the game. Then, after forcing a punt, Brady completed a 19-yard pass to Daniel Graham. Two plays later, Caldwell caught a 49-yard pass down the right sideline to set up Gostkowski's third field goal (a 31 yarder) to give them a 24–21 lead with only 1:10 left in the fourth quarter. With no timeouts left, San Diego drove to the Patriots 36-yard line on their final possession, but Nate Kaeding's 54-yard field goal attempt fell short with three seconds remaining in the game.
After the game, the Patriots erupted in a controversial celebration, mocking the "Lights Out" dance of LB Shawne Merriman and stomping on the Chargers mid-field logo which made Chargers' quarterback Philip Rivers and running back LaDainian Tomlinson confront Patriots players. The controversy was a response to remarks made by Schottenheimer after the Chargers snapped the Patriots 21-game home winning streak in 2005 where he noted "I'll have to be honest. During the course of the week, I wondered, 'Is there a breaking point, where all of a sudden you can't find enough fingers to plug the dike?'," referencing the injuries the Patriots faced early in the 2005 season.
Gaffney finished with ten catches for 103 yards and a touchdown. Tomlinson rushed for 123 yards, caught two passes for 64 yards, and scored two touchdowns.
With the brutal loss, it ended the Chargers' season with an overall record of 14–3.
Awards.
Eleven Chargers were named to the 2007 Pro Bowl, and six were named first or second team Associated Press (AP) All-Pros. Tomlinson won the AP NFL Most Valuable Player award with 44 of the 50 available votes; Tomlinson also took the Offensive Player of the Year award with 38 votes from 50. Also, Merriman gained 6 votes for Defensive Player of the Year, Marcus McNeill had 6 votes for Offensive Rookie of the Year, and Schottenheimer received 2 votes for Coach of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="6913180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913180" title="Armin Schwarz">
Armin Schwarz

Armin Schwarz (born 16 July 1963) is a German rally driver. He competed in the World Rally Championship from 1988 to 2005, winning the 1991 Rally Catalunya and taking six other podium finishes. Outside the WRC, he won the German Rally Championship (1987–88), the European Rally Championship (1996) and the "Rally Masters" event at the Race of Champions (2000).
Career.
Schwarz was born in Neustadt an der Aisch in Franken in 1963 and debuted in rallying in 1983. After having won the German Rally Championship for two years in a row, he made his debut in the World Rally Championship in 1988 and was signed by Toyota Team Europe, Toyota's factory WRC team, for the 1990 season.
Driving a Toyota Celica GT-Four, Schwarz led a world championship rally for the first time at the 1990 Rally Portugal, took his first podium finish at the 1991 Rally Australia and his first and only win at the 1991 Rally Catalunya.
In 1996, due to Toyota's 12-month ban from the WRC, Schwarz drove for the team in the European Rally Championship. He won the Manx International Rally and the Cyprus Rally and captured the overall title. Later that same year, he drove to victory in the RAC Rally, then part of the 2-Litre World Championship ("Formula 2").
In 1997 Schwarz drove for the now Cumbria based M-Sport Ford rally team but was later replaced by Juha Kankkunen after a series of disappointing performances.
In the 1999 season, after stints with Mitsubishi and Ford, Schwarz started his long partnership with the debuting Škoda works team. His best result with the team was third place at the 2001 Safari Rally. Schwarz retired from the world championship after the 2005 season, during which he took his first points finish in over a year at the season-ending Rally Australia.
Following the successful completion of its Red Bull Young Rally Driver's Search Program, Schwarz joined forces in 2006 with Global Sport Licensing Ltd. (“GSL”) and Mr. Baumschlage to create the WRC designated Red Bull Škoda Team. Simultaneously, Schwarz started in 2007 to race, as a GSL racing driver with the support of California-based All German Motorsport team, in the American SCORE International off-road championship which includes among others the internationally famous races Baja 1000.
Schwarz now lives in Austria. He is married with two children, one of them is Fabio Schwarz which as of 2025 will be competing in the WRC 2.

</doc>
<doc id="6913183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913183" title="Stony Creek railway station">
Stony Creek railway station

Stony Creek was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until the 1970s. The line was closed in 1991 and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="6913189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913189" title="Rónán Clarke">
Rónán Clarke

Rónán Clarke is an Irish Gaelic football manager and former player who represented Armagh. His club football career has been with Armagh city's Pearse Óg GAC.
Ross Carr, the former Down manager, said: "Armagh have the best forward in the country in Rónán Clarke".
Playing career.
Inter-county.
Clarke was called up to the Armagh senior panel at a young age and made his inter-county debut against Antrim in 2002. He made his Championship debut in May 2002. That year he helped Armagh win the Ulster Senior Football Championship as well as the county's first ever All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. He scored in seven out of Armagh's eight Championship games that year and contributed three points in the All-Ireland Final. For his performances he was named 2002 Young Footballer of the Year.
In 2003 Armagh once again reached the All-Ireland final, but were defeated by neighbours Tyrone. 2004 saw Clarke and Armagh again win the Ulster Championship.
In 2005 Clarke helped Armagh win the National League, beating Wexford in the final. Later that year he helped Armagh win another Ulster Championship.
Clarke helped Armagh win the 2006 Ulster Championship and was named Irish News Ulster All-Stars Player of the Year. It was the second time he had been selected on the Ulster All-Stars team. He was awarded an All Star award for his 2006 performances with Armagh. He was also named in the 2006 GPA Team of the Year and nominated for GPA Footballer of the Year.
Clarke missed the 2007 season due to a cruciate ligament injury suffered in the 2006 season. He won another Ulster Championship medal with Armagh in 2008 and was awarded another All Star for his performances throughout that year's Championship.
Club.
Clarke helped Pearse Óg win the 2000 Ulster Minor Club Football Championship, which he described as his greatest moment in sport. Clarke has reached the Armagh Senior Football Championship final with Pearse Óg on a number of occasions, but they have been defeated by Crossmaglen each time until 2009, when Clarke helped Pearse Óg defeat Crossmaglen in the quarter-final of the Armagh Senior Football Championship ending Crossmaglens 13-year win streak in the competition. Pearse Óg went on to win the Championship defeating city rivals Armagh Harps on a scoreline of 0–8 to 0–4 earning Clarke his first Senior County medal.
International rules.
Clarke has in the past represented Ireland in the International Rules Series.
School.
Clarke attended St Brigid's High School, moving to Saint Patrick's Grammar School, Armagh where he was on the team that won the Ulster Colleges Championship, the MacRory Cup in 2000. His teammates included Sean Cavanagh, Peter Quigley and Brian Mullen.
Managerial career.
In January 2021, having previously managed the Cavan Gaels and Silverbridge clubs in Cavan and Armagh, the Antrim senior football club St James' Aldergrove announced Clarke as their new manager. He currently manages St.Paul's Lurgan 

</doc>
<doc id="6913190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913190" title="Michael triantafyllou">
Michael triantafyllou



</doc>
<doc id="6913192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913192" title="2002 Amagasaki mayoral election">
2002 Amagasaki mayoral election

Amagasaki, Hyōgo held a mayoral election on November 17, 2002. Aya Shirai, backed by the Japanese Communist Party (JCP) and the local group Amagasaki Residents Group for Democratic City Administration defeated the incumbent Yoshio Miyata, who had been mayor since before the Great Hanshin Earthquake and ran on a platform of cutting costs. Miyata had been heavily favored in the race but later came under criticism for his willingness to accept over 35 million yen in severance pay from the city. Miyata's loss effectively marked the end of the Five Party Cooperative Alliance (Rengō Gotō Kyōgikai) that had been established in 1994 to combat the influence of the Liberal Democratic Party and the Japanese Communist Party in Hyōgo Prefecture; Miyata's victory in Amagasaki in 1994 had been the first electoral victory of the Alliance.
Historically, this was the second time a woman was elected mayor in Hyogo Prefecture, and was a precursor to the city electing the youngest female mayor in Japanese history, Kazumi Inamura, in 2010. This represented the first time successive women had been elected mayor in Japan, evidence of a shift from the previous lack of women acting as heads of local and prefectural governments, and has been attributed in part to women's activism in the wake of the Great Hanshin Earthquake. According to Atsushi Tsujikawa, as "an event symbolic of the period", Shirai's election was "featured widely in mass media and became a topic of conversation throughout the country."
 
 
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6913194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913194" title="Estádio Municipal de Águeda">
Estádio Municipal de Águeda

The Municipal Stadium of Águeda () is a multiuse stadium located in the civil parish of Borrolha, in the municipality of Águeda, in the Portuguese district of Aveiro.
History.
Open in 2003, the stadium has a capacity for 10,000 people. Primarily used as venue for football matches, it is the home stadium of "Recreio Desportivo de Águeda". The "Recreio" had for several years used the "Campo de Venda Nova", until April 1974, when the field Redolho was acquired. The purchase of the lands were initiated by professor Marques de Queirós, then president of the municipal authority. This was the beginning of a "golden" era for association football in Águeda, when the team was ranked as one of the best national clubs, responsible for exporting notable players to other countries and culminating it the clubs ascension to 1st Division in 1982–1983.
In 2004 it was the venue for a friendly match between the Portugal national team and the Luxembourg national squad, on 29 May.
Architecture.
The municipal stadium is situated parallel the Souto River fronting various pasturelands and cultivated parcels, nearby the Palace of Borralha. The stadium includes grass pitch with central, covered bleacher, as well as bunks to the north and west. Still to be realised is the project to build a tartan track for athletics between the pitch and the stands. 
The former-trainer Mico Figueiredo once indicated that municipal pitch "is the greatest adversary of whom presents a quality game", on the eve of the 1st Division district championship.

</doc>
<doc id="6913197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913197" title="Czechoslovakia at the 1992 Winter Olympics">
Czechoslovakia at the 1992 Winter Olympics

Czechoslovakia, formally the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic, competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France.
The team consisted of 74 athletes, which was the largest number at that time. It was the last time Czechoslovakia participated in the Winter Olympics, because the state split to Czech Republic and Slovakia and both countries entered their independent teams to the 1994 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skier Pavel Benc was the flag-bearer of the country in the opening ceremony.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors in the Games.
Alpine skiing.
Czechoslovakia's participation in the alpine skiing races was done by four skiers, all Slovaks. Lucia Medzihradská was the most successful of them reaching top eight in the women's combined event.
Biathlon.
Jiřina Adamičková was close to winning a medal in the women's sprint, fighting for it after last shooting, but fading fast in the closing uphill section and falling down to fifth place, seven seconds behind bronze-medal Belova of the Unified Team.
Bobsleigh.
After many years, Czechoslovakia entered its Olympic bobsleigh teams again, which recorded average to below-average results, but improved fast to be strong competitors at the 1994 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing.
The men's 50-kilometer freestyle marathon was the highlight of Czechoslovakia's men. Radim Nyč and Pavel Benc finished in top eight. Václav Korunka missed the top ten, but recorded three top-20 performances. In women's races Alžběta Havrančíková performed great in the second, freestyle-pursuit part of the combination race to move up from 34th to 17th place. Young Kateřina Neumannová took part in her first Olympics. The strong Czech and Slovak team-up of the women's relay fought for medals before losing pace in the last stage run by Iveta Zelingerová.
Figure skating.
Reigning European Champion Petr Barna won his only Olympic medal behind Unified Team's Viktor Petrenko and United States' Paul Wylie. During his free program, Barna was the first skater to land the quadruple jump in the Olympic competition. The program was choreographed on the Hamlet soundtrack and was Barna's artistic masterpiece.
Radka Kovaříková and René Novotný teamed up after Novotný's 1988 Winter Olympics medicine problem. They beat Shishkova and Naumov of the Unified Team in the competition, but lost to Isabelle Brasseur and Lloyd Eisler of Canada in a close battle for the bronze medal, feeling a sort of injustice.
Kateřina Mrázová and Martin Šimeček finished 10th in the ice-dancing competition, while Lenka Kulovaná finished 11th. She was fifth in the 1992 European Championships, but lost to two European opponents only in Albertville.
Ice hockey.
In 1991, Czechoslovakia failed to win a medal at the World Championships in Finland. Stanislav Neveselý and Josef Horešovský were sacked and the team was coached by Ivan Hlinka in Albertville. He named ten members of the 1991 World Championships for their Olympic squad. The team entered the group hammering Norway and coming back from 0-2 against France. Robert Lang's two goals helped beat Unified Team, which was the only one loss of the later Olympic champions. Czechoslovakia itself then recorded its first loss against Canada, but confirmed their quarterfinals participation with a win over Switzerland.
Sweden, the reigning World Champions, met Czechoslovakia in the quarterfinals, but was beaten as Kadlec, Janecký and Augusta scored their goals and Czechoslovakia headed to the semifinals against Canada again. The game was more balanced than the group one, but was lost 2-4. The team however had not problems finding motivation to beat United States for the bronze medal. Robert Lang was the top scoring player of the team (13 points).
&lt;br&gt;
Luge.
Petr Urban was the leading and most controversial member of the Czechoslovakia's luge team. He recorded two top-20 finishes, but was soon excluded from the team because of his cartoon jokes he published in daily Sport while competing in Albertville.
Ski jumping.
Jiří Parma was Czechoslovakia's flag-bearer at the 1988 Winter Olympics, but recorded his best ever Olympic results in 1992. He led the team in a dramatic competition, where only Czechoslovakia managed to get closer to the uncontested duo of Austria and gold medal winning Finland. He added large hill fifth place and normal hill 10th place.
Speed skating.
Only two Czechoslovakia's speed skaters took part in the Games, but none of them was able to fight the competition for better than low-place finishes.

</doc>
<doc id="6913199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913199" title="Asteas">
Asteas

Asteas (active between 350 and 320 BC in Paestum, Southern Italy) was one of the more active ancient Greek vase painters in Magna Graecia, practicing the red-figure style. He managed a large workshop, in which above all hydriai and kraters were painted. He painted mostly mythological and theatrical scenes. He is one of the few vase painters of the Greek colonies whose name comes down to us.

</doc>
<doc id="6913203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913203" title="Ronan Clarke">
Ronan Clarke



</doc>
<doc id="6913207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913207" title="Chikuma Koshirou">
Chikuma Koshirou



</doc>
<doc id="6913209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913209" title="Lenny (instrumental)">
Lenny (instrumental)

"Lenny" is the tenth and final track on the first Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble album "Texas Flood". The song is in 4/4 time and notated in the key of E flat major (but instruments are tuned down a half-step, so the chordal structure is in E). It is played very slowly and freely, with Vaughan alternating between jazz-inflected chords and solo runs. The main chord featured in the song is a movable major 6th chord to which Vaughan applies moderate vibrato with the tremolo bar. The solos incorporate the E major scale, the E minor pentatonic scale, and the E Minor blues scale. Its style is influenced by Jimi Hendrix ballads like "The Wind Cries Mary". The song was written and named for Vaughan's wife at the time, Lenora. Vaughan also named one of his guitars "Lenny", which he used on "Lenny" and on his later instrumental ballad, "Riviera Paradise". The track was often played at live shows.

</doc>
<doc id="6913213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913213" title="Larut">
Larut



</doc>
<doc id="6913216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913216" title="Grevillea aspleniifolia">
Grevillea aspleniifolia

Grevillea aspleniifolia, also known as fern leaf grevillea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to eastern New South Wales. It is a spreading shrub with linear to narrowly egg-shaped leaves and purplish flowers.
Description.
"Grevillea aspleniifolia" is a spreading shrub that typically grows to high and up to wide. The leaves are linear to narrowly egg-shaped, long and wide with irregular serrations and a woolly-hairy lower surface, the edges turned down or rolled under. The flowers are arranged in toothbrush-like racemes along a rachis usually long, and are purplish with grey or white hairs. The pistil is mostly long and the style has a green tip. Flowering mainly occurs from July to November and the fruits is a hairy follicle long.
Similar species.
"G. aspleniifolia" closely resembles its relative, "G. longifolia" but differs in that its branchlets are rounded and covered in short, grey wooly hairs, whereas the branchlets of "G. longifolia" are ruddy brown and covered in brownish, appressed hairs. "G. aspleniifolia" is also distinguishable from "G. longifolia" by its leaves, the former having greyish, wooly hairs on the underside of leaves that may be entire or irregularly toothed, the latter having greyish to brownish appressed hairs on the underside of the leaves. Both species may have entire leaves, though these are usually more numerous on "G. aspleniifolia."
Taxonomy.
"Grevillea aspleniifolia" was first formally described in 1809 by Joseph Knight in "On the cultivation of the plants belonging to the natural order of Proteeae". The specific epithet ("aspleniifolia") means ""Asplenium"-leaved".
Distribution and habitat.
This grevillea grows in woodland on sandstone or shale in the catchments of the Warragamba Dam and Woronora River, and near Bungonia Caves, in eastern New South Wales.
Use in horticulture.
"Grevillea aspleniifolia" is reported to be a hardy, fast-growing plant that tolerates heavy soil as long as the soil is well-drained. A sunny position is preferred.
Conservation status.
This species is listed as "Near Threatened" on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It has a restricted distribution and a naturally severely fragmented population, where it occurs in several small, isolated subpopulations. Threats to this species include damage and/or grazing by introduced deer and changed fire regimes.

</doc>
<doc id="6913217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913217" title="Vega4">
Vega4

Vega4 was a four-piece alternative rock band formed in London consisted of Johnny McDaid (lead vocalist and songwriter), Bruce Gainsford (guitar), Gavin Fox (bassist) and Bryan McLellan (drummer).
McDaid is from Northern Ireland and Fox is from Republic of Ireland, McLellan is from Canada and Gainsford is from New Zealand. Vega4 was signed to Columbia Records in the UK, Epic Records in the US, and produced two albums, "You and Others" produced by Jacknife Lee and "Satellites" produced by John Cornfield and Ron Aniello.
The band disbanded in 2008.
History.
McDaid and Walker formed Vega4 in 1999, adding Gainsford and McLellan through mutual friends. The band signed with indie label Taste Media in 2000, setting up distribution deals with Capitol Records in the U.S. and Festival Mushroom in Australia for their 2001 debut EP, "Caterpillar", and the follow-up album, "Satellites". Despite heavy touring and promotion, the album was not a success, and Vega4 went into a period of dormancy while extricating themselves from their various contracts.
Vega 4 was also featured on Paul Van Dyk's song "Time of Our Lives/Connected" in 2003.
In 2006, Walker left Vega 4 while former Idlewild bassist Gavin Fox joined. Vega4 signed with Columbia Records in the U.K. and Epic Records in the U.S., which promoted the single "You and Me" somewhat disingenuously as the band's debut. The following single, "Life Is Beautiful," gained exposure through its use in episodes of the TV series "Grey's Anatomy" and "One Tree Hill". It is also included in the 2010 film "Streetdance", and previously in 2008's comedy film, "Sex Drive". The band received much media attention in the US, with major radio support for "Life Is Beautiful" and the rumours of Gainsford's on-again, off-again romance with Scarlett Johansson.
Vega4's second album, "You and Others", was released in late 2006 in the U.K. and mid 2007 in the U.S. Vega4's song "You and Me" was used by RTÉ 2FM to launch the station's new look and lineup. The band completed its first US tour in April 2007 in San Diego, California. Vega4 had been touring with Augustana for the previous several weeks. The band played at the 2007 SXSW festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6913223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913223" title="Canal Street station (New York City Subway)">
Canal Street station (New York City Subway)

The Canal Street station is a New York City Subway station complex. It is located in the neighborhoods of Chinatown and SoHo in Manhattan and is shared by the BMT Broadway Line, the IRT Lexington Avenue Line, and the BMT Nassau Street Line. It is served by the 6, J, N, and Q trains at all times; the R train at all times except late nights; the W train during weekdays; the &lt;6&gt; train during weekdays in the peak direction; the Z train during rush hours in the peak direction; and the 4 train during late nights.
The complex comprises four stations, all named Canal Street; the Broadway Line's local and express tracks stop at separate sets of platforms. The Lexington Avenue Line platforms were built for the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT), and was a local station on the city's first subway line. That station opened on October 27, 1904, as one of the original 28 stations of the New York City Subway. The other three stations were built for the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT; later the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation, or BMT) as part of the Dual Contracts. The Nassau Street Line station opened on August 4, 1913; the Broadway Line express station opened on September 4, 1917; and the Broadway Line local station opened on January 5, 1918. The IRT and BMT stations were connected in 1978. Several modifications have been made over the years, including a full renovation between 1999 and 2004.
The Lexington Avenue Line station, under Lafayette Street, has two side platforms and four tracks; express trains use the inner two tracks to bypass the station. The Nassau Street Line station, under Centre Street, has two island platforms and three tracks, but only one platform and two tracks are in use. The Broadway local station, under Broadway, has two side platforms and four tracks, the inner two of which are not in use. The Broadway express station, under Canal Street, has two side platforms and two tracks, running at a lower level than the other three sets of platforms. The Lexington Avenue Line platforms contain elevators from the street, which make it compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, but the other platforms are not wheelchair-accessible. Accessibility to the rest of the station complex has been proposed under the MTA's 2025-2029 Capital Program.
History.
First subway.
Planning for a subway line in New York City dates to 1864. However, development of what would become the city's first subway line did not start until 1894, when the New York State Legislature passed the Rapid Transit Act. The subway plans were drawn up by a team of engineers led by William Barclay Parsons, the Rapid Transit Commission's chief engineer. It called for a subway line from New York City Hall in lower Manhattan to the Upper West Side, where two branches would lead north into the Bronx. A plan was formally adopted in 1897, and all legal conflicts concerning the route alignment were resolved near the end of 1899. The Rapid Transit Construction Company, organized by John B. McDonald and funded by August Belmont Jr., signed the initial Contract 1 with the Rapid Transit Commission in February 1900, in which it would construct the subway and maintain a 50-year operating lease from the opening of the line. In 1901, the firm of Heins &amp; LaFarge was hired to design the underground stations. Belmont incorporated the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) in April 1902 to operate the subway.
The Canal Street station was constructed as part of the route segment from Chambers Street to Great Jones Street. Construction on this section of the line began on July 10, 1900, and was awarded to Degnon-McLean Contracting Company. Near Canal Street the subway passed through a drainage sewer (the namesake of Canal Street), which had drained the old Collect Pond and continued west to the Hudson River. Because engineers had expected to find quicksand near the pond's site, contractors waited to construct the section between Pearl and Canal Streets; work on this segment had not even begun by early 1902. Workers found that the ground was sturdier than expected, consisting of "good, coarse gravel", and they discovered tree trunks and human bones, as well as artifacts such as coins, silverware, keys, and steel tools. In addition, the ground was still muddy enough that workers had to pump out water. With the IRT's construction, the sewer was redirected east into the East River. The new brick sewer was circular and measured across, expanding to at Chatham Square. Pumps were used to keep the excavation clear of water while the work proceeded. By late 1903, the street surface above the station had been restored and repaved. The subway was nearly complete, but the IRT Powerhouse and the system's electrical substations were still under construction, delaying the system's opening.
The Canal Street station opened on October 27, 1904, as one of the original 28 stations of the New York City Subway from City Hall to 145th Street on the Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line. After the first subway line was completed in 1908, the station was served by local trains along both the West Side (now the Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line to Van Cortlandt Park–242nd Street) and East Side (now the Lenox Avenue Line). West Side local trains had their southern terminus at City Hall during rush hours and South Ferry at other times, and had their northern terminus at 242nd Street. East Side local trains ran from City Hall to Lenox Avenue (145th Street).
To address overcrowding, in 1909, the New York Public Service Commission proposed lengthening the platforms at stations along the original IRT subway. As part of a modification to the IRT's construction contracts made on January 18, 1910, the company was to lengthen station platforms to accommodate ten-car express and six-car local trains. In addition to $1.5 million (equivalent to $ million in ) spent on platform lengthening, $500,000 (equivalent to $ million in ) was spent on building additional entrances and exits. It was anticipated that these improvements would increase capacity by 25 percent. Platforms at local stations, such as the Canal Street station, were lengthened by between . Both platforms were extended to the north and south. Six-car local trains began operating in October 1910.
BRT and Dual Contracts.
After the original IRT opened, the city began planning new lines. A proposed Tri-borough system was adopted in early 1908, combining the Broadway–Lexington Avenue and Nassau Street lines; a Canal Street subway from the Fourth Avenue Subway in Brooklyn via the Manhattan Bridge to the Hudson River; and several other lines in Brooklyn. The lines were assigned to the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT; after 1923, the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation or BMT) in the Dual Contracts, adopted on March 4, 1913. The BRT was authorized to construct a line under Broadway with a station at Canal Street, as well as a line under Canal Street with a station at Broadway. The development of the BRT stations resulted in increased real-estate values in the area.
Also as part of the Dual Contracts, the Lexington Avenue Line opened north of Grand Central–42nd Street in 1918, and the original line was divided into an H-shaped system. All local trains were sent via the Lexington Avenue Line, running along the Pelham Line in the Bronx.
Centre Street Loop.
As early as 1902, Parsons had devised plans for a subway line under Centre Street in Lower Manhattan. The line would have had four tracks from the Brooklyn Bridge north to Canal Street; from there, two tracks would split eastward to the Manhattan Bridge, and two tracks would continue north and east to the Williamsburg Bridge. By 1904, the route had been widened to four tracks from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Williamsburg Bridge. The Centre Street Loop (later the Nassau Street Line) was approved on January 25, 1907, as a four-track line. The route was to connect the Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge, and Williamsburg Bridge via Centre Street, Canal Street, and Delancey Street, with a spur under Canal Street. Unlike previous subway contracts that the city government had issued, the BRT was responsible only for constructing the Centre Street Loop and installing equipment, not for operating the loop.
The work was split into five sections; the Canal Street station was built as part of the two sections of the line that ran under Centre Street. The city began receiving bids for these sections in March 1907. The Degnon Construction Company was hired to build section 9-0-2, from Canal Street north to Broome Street, while the Cranford Company was hired to build section 9-0-3, from Canal Street south to Pearl Street. The line had to be built through the former site of Collect Pond, which still had high amounts of groundwater. Contractors drained the groundwater, causing a huge crack in a nearby courthouse building.
The Centre Street Loop station, including a bridge over a planned line on Canal Street, was completed at the end of 1909. The station remained closed because the Chambers Street station, the terminal for the Centre Street Loop, was not complete. The BRT tunnel under Centre Street was completed by 1910, except for the section under the Manhattan Municipal Building, which contained the incomplete Chambers Street station. The tunnel remained unused for several years. In March 1913, the Public Service Commission authorized the BRT to lay tracks, install signals, and operate the loop. The Nassau Street Line platforms opened on August 4, 1913, providing service to northern Brooklyn via the Williamsburg Bridge.
Manhattan Bridge line.
The IRT unsuccessfully proposed constructing a two-track subway line along Canal Street in 1908, which would have crossed the Manhattan Bridge and connected with what is now the Eastern Parkway Line in Brooklyn. The BRT proposed the next year to construct a line across Canal Street and the Manhattan Bridge to connect with the Brighton Beach Line. The BRT submitted a proposal to the Commission, dated March 2, 1911, to operate the Tri-borough system (but under Church Street instead of Greenwich Street), as well as a branch along Broadway, Seventh Avenue, and 59th Street from Ninth Street north and east to the Queensboro Bridge. The Canal Street subway was to merge with the Broadway Line instead of continuing to the Hudson River. The Canal Street tunnel was originally supposed to be a separate line passing under the Broadway Line station and extend further westward. At the time, the Public Service Commission did not plan to build a track connection between the Canal Street and Broadway lines, saying that such a connection would cause severe train congestion. The BRT wanted to connect the lines, citing the fact that it would be difficult for passengers to transfer at the Canal Street station or to reroute trains in case of emergency.
By the time the Dual Contracts were signed, the plans had been modified so the Manhattan Bridge line connected to the Broadway Line; this connection was estimated to cost an additional $1 million. In October 1913, the Public Service Commission ordered the BRT's parent company, the New York Municipal Corporation, to pay the Underpinning and Foundation Company about $12,000 for work related to the construction of the connection between the Canal Street and Broadway lines. At the time, the Underpinning and Foundation Company was constructing the section of the Broadway Line from Howard Street north to Bleecker Street; the New York Municipal Corporation ultimately had to pay the contractor an additional $412,000 for the connection. The commission was soliciting bids for a tunnel that diverged from the Broadway mainline, extending east under Canal Street to the Manhattan Bridge, by February 1914. Due to the swampy character of the area, caused by the presence of the former Collect Pond, the commission considered building the line using either the cut-and-cover method or using deep-bore tunneling. The Underpinning and Foundation Company submitted a low bid of $1.822 million for a cut-and-cover tunnel in May 1914, and the company was selected to build the station two months later.
Work on the Manhattan Bridge line proceeded slowly, in part because of the high water table of the area, which required the contractor to pump out millions of gallons of groundwater every day. Although the old canal along Canal Street had been infilled, the ground still contained significant amounts of water; the Manhattan Bridge line was to be built within the bottom of the old Collect Pond, about below the water level of the former pond. "The Sun" wrote that "the solution of the problem is in a way as great as those" that the builders of the Panama Canal had faced. About of water had to be pumped out every minute of the day at all times, equating to about every twenty-four hours. Workers then excavated sand and gravel from the site. In addition, the IRT station settled about when the Manhattan Bridge line station was excavated. Only a third of the project had been finished by mid-1915. The Manhattan Bridge line was less than half completed by January 1916, and it was 80 percent finished by that October. The Manhattan Bridge line platforms opened on September 4, 1917, as part of the first section of the Broadway Line from Canal Street to 14th Street–Union Square.
Broadway mainline.
The New York Public Service Commission also adopted plans for what was known as the Broadway–Lexington Avenue route (later the Broadway mainline) on December 31, 1907. A list of stations on the Broadway–Lexington Avenue line were announced in 1909; the plans tentatively called for an express station at Canal Street in Lower Manhattan. Two segments of the Broadway Line around Canal Street were placed under contract early in 1912. The contract for Section 2, between Murray Street and Canal Street, was awarded to the Degnon Contracting Company that January. Two months later, the contract for Section 2A, which stretched between Canal and Howard Streets and included the Canal Street station, was awarded to the O'Rourke Engineering Construction Company. Section 2A was twelve percent completed by early 1913. Work on section 2 was further advanced, being 60 percent done by June of that year.
The design of the Broadway mainline's station was changed midway through construction when the track connection to the Manhattan Bridge line was added. In the original plan for the station, the mainline's center tracks were to have continued up Broadway, fed by traffic from Brooklyn and the Montague Street Tunnel. Local service was to have terminated at the upper level of the Broadway Line's City Hall station, with express service using City Hall's upper level. The new plan favored local service via City Hall's upper level and express service via the Manhattan Bridge; the center tracks of the mainline station were abandoned, as they would feed into the unused lower-level platforms at City Hall.
The Broadway Line south of 14th Street was substantially complete by February 1916. The same month, the Public Service Commission began accepting bids for the installation of finishes at seven stations on the Broadway Line from Rector Street to 14th Street, including Canal Street. D. C. Gerber submitted a $346,000 low bid for the finishes and was 35 percent completed with the finishes by October 1916. The mainline platforms opened on January 5, 1918, when the Broadway Line was extended north to Times Square–42nd Street and south to Rector Street. From the outset, the mainline station served local trains, while the Manhattan Bridge line station began serving express trains.
1910s to 1930s.
Leaks and platform extensions.
The Manhattan Bridge line station had begun to leak noticeably by April 1918, in large part because of the high amount of groundwater in the area. Although the station had been built with a waterproof asphalt-and-brick membrane, there were still large amounts of groundwater in the area, and pressure from the groundwater had caused the membrane to crack. The leaks became so severe that up to per minute leaked into the station. In late 1918, the Underpinning and Foundation Company was hired to grout the station for $20,000 to stop the leaks. To allow workers to repair the station, the BRT operated a shuttle service from Canal Street to Pacific Street on a single track during late nights. The work was completed by April 1919, after which the leaks almost completely stopped. As a side effect of the grouting work, the settlement of the IRT station was corrected.
In 1922, the Rapid Transit Commission awarded a contract to the Wagner Engineering Company for the installation of navigational signs at the Canal Street station and several other major subway stations. The IRT platforms received blue-and-white signs, while the BMT platforms received red-white-and-green navigational signs. That December, the commission approved a $3 million project to lengthen platforms at 14 local stations along the original IRT line, including Canal Street and seven other stations on the Lexington Avenue Line. Platform lengths at these stations would be increased from . The commission postponed the platform-lengthening project in September 1923, at which point the cost had risen to $5.6 million. The mainline Broadway Line station's platforms originally could only fit six cars. In 1926, the New York City Board of Transportation received bids for the lengthening of platforms at nine stations on the Broadway Line, including the mainline station at Canal Street, to accommodate eight-car trains. Edwards &amp; Flood submitted a low bid of $101,775 for the project. The BMT platform-lengthening project was completed in 1927, bringing the length of the platforms to . The commission ordered the BMT to install additional signs at the Canal Street BMT stations in mid-1930.
Meanwhile, the commission again considered lengthening the IRT platforms at Canal Street in December 1927. The platforms would be extended southward, in the direction of the Worth Street station, where the platforms would not be lengthened. At the end of the month, the Transit Commission requested that the IRT create plans to lengthen the platforms at Canal Street and three other Lexington Avenue Line stations to . The New York City Board of Transportation drew up plans for the project, but the federal government placed an injunction against the commission's platform-lengthening decree, which remained in place for over a year. The commission approved the plans in mid-1929; the Canal Street station's platforms were to be extended to the south. The IRT refused, claiming that the city government was responsible for the work, and obtained a federal injunction to prevent the commission from forcing the IRT to lengthen the platforms. In late 1930, the commission requested that the New York Supreme Court force the IRT to lengthen platforms at the Canal Street and Spring Street stations.
Overcrowding issues.
After the BRT stations at Canal Street opened, the complex became a major transfer hub for the BRT lines, but the different platforms were only connected via a narrow passageway. Overcrowding was exacerbated by the fact that the station was the only place where Centre Street Line passengers could transfer to a BRT train to Midtown Manhattan; the convoluted layout of staircases and passageways; and the lack of directional signs. By 1918, local civic groups were advocating for the opening of the BRT's Canarsie Line (which had a transfer to the Broadway Line at Union Square) to alleviate congestion at Canal Street; the Public Service Commission was obligated to open that line as part of the Dual Contracts. The Broadway Board of Trade called the station "a menace to life and limb". In response, in February 1918, the Public Service Commission announced in February 1918 that it would build two exit stairways and have some Centre Street Loop trains skip the Canal Street station. The BRT also employed staff members on the platforms at all times to direct traffic.
In June 1920, the BRT began requiring passengers to exit the station if they wished to transfer between the Nassau Street and Broadway lines during rush hours. Passengers were issued transfer tickets from the Nassau Street Line to the Broadway Line in the morning and vice versa in the afternoon. To further alleviate crowding, the Transit Commission requested in mid-1922 that plans be drawn up for a new entrance at the southwest corner of Centre and Walker Streets. In addition, the Broadway Association asked that a station be built on the Broadway Line between Canal Street and City Hall due to the unusually long distance between the two stops. By 1924, BMT officials said that, if anyone were to be killed because of congestion at Canal Street, mayor John Francis Hylan would be to blame. The next year, the BMT agreed to complete the Canarsie Line to reduce overcrowding at Canal Street. Canarsie Line trains finally began running directly to Brooklyn in 1928, by which the BMT was issuing 38,000 transfers per day at Canal Street during rush hours. The addition of direct Brooklyn service on the Canarsie Line reduced overcrowding at the Canal Street station, and the passageway at Canal Street was reopened in August 1928.
1940s to 1980s.
The city government took over the BMT's operations on June 1, 1940, and the IRT's operations on June 12, 1940. The New York City Board of Transportation issued a $1.992 million contract in April 1947 to extend the southbound IRT platforms at Canal Street and Worth Street to fit ten-car trains. The work was finished the next year. In late 1959, contracts were awarded to extend the platforms at , , , Canal Street, , , , , , and on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line to . The next April, work began on a $3,509,000 project (equivalent to $ million in ) to lengthen platforms at seven of these stations to accommodate ten-car trains. The northbound platforms at Canal Street, Spring Street, Bleecker Street, and Astor Place were lengthened from ; the platform extensions at these stations opened on February 19, 1962.
In the late 1960s, New York City Transit extended both sets of Broadway Line platforms to accommodate ten-car trains. The NYCTA also covered the elaborate mosaic tile walls with white cinderblock tiles at 16 local stations on the Broadway and Fourth Avenue lines, including both the Broadway mainline and Manhattan Bridge line platforms at Canal Street.
The station agents' booths at Canal Street and Centre Street, and at Canal Street and Broadway, were closed in 1976 to save money. These booths were reopened part-time in 1978. On January 16, 1978, the transfer between the Lexington Avenue Line and the BMT platforms was placed inside fare control. The free transfer was intended to encourage increased ridership. Previously, the BMT stations were all connected with each other, but people transferring between the BMT and IRT had to pay a second fare.
1990s to present.
With the exception of three months in 1990, train service to the Manhattan Bridge line's platforms was suspended from 1988 to 2001 while the Manhattan Bridge's southern pair of subway tracks was rebuilt. The platforms remained open for passengers transferring between the other routes, since they were the only connections between the other platforms in the complex. Service between Manhattan and Brooklyn was redirected to the mainline platforms and used the Montague Street Tunnel. The three-month period was supposed to have allowed train service while work on the bridge was not being done, but on December 27, 1990, the discovery of missing steel plates and corrosion that threatened the bridge's integrity halted this service. During the 1990s, garbage accumulated on the unused spur tracks, and the ceiling and tiles developed water damage. In 1997, a temporary art exhibit known as the "Canal Street Canal" by Alexander Brodsky was installed on the northbound track, after Brodsky won an MTA Arts for Transit design competition. It consisted of a large waterproof tub filled with water, with Venetian canal boats floating inside.
In April 1993, the New York State Legislature agreed to give the MTA $9.6 billion for capital improvements. Some of the funds would be used to renovate nearly one hundred New York City Subway stations, including the entire Canal Street complex. Work on the renovation began in May 1994, at which point it was supposed to cost $44 million. To minimize disruption to the surrounding neighborhood, workers only conducted excavations at night. The work included modifications to staircases, re-tiling for the walls, new tiling on the floors, upgrading the station's lights and the public address system, installing new lighting, and installing two elevators. The elevators made the Lexington Avenue Line platforms compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA).
The project was originally supposed to be complete in December 1997. The MTA hosted tours of the station during the renovation, selling tickets to members of the public who wished to see the work in detail. During the renovation, in October 1995, workers accidentally drilled into the foundation of a neighboring building named Fu Long Plaza, causing that building to tilt. Water main breaks also delayed the project. By mid-1999, the completion of the station's renovation had been postponed nearly three years, to November 2000. In advance of the reopening of the Manhattan Bridge's southern tracks, the Manhattan Bridge line platforms were also renovated with new lighting, tiles, and third rails. The Manhattan Bridge line platforms reopened on July 22, 2001.
Station layout.
The complex consists of four originally separate stations joined by underground passageways. Three of the four run in a north–south direction, crossing at Broadway (Broadway mainline), Lafayette Street (Lexington Avenue Line), and Centre Street (Nassau Street Line). The Manhattan Bridge line platforms are directly underneath Canal Street itself, extending west–east. The Bridge line platforms serve as transfer passageways between all other lines.
The station serves multiple neighborhoods, including Chinatown, Little Italy, SoHo, and Tribeca. Some relative depths of the stations in the Canal Street complex are as follows:
Exits.
The complex has a total of 13 staircase entrances and two separate elevator entrances for the Lexington Avenue Line's platforms. From the Broadway mainline platforms, there are two staircases to each of the northwestern, southeastern, and southwestern corners. There is also a staircase to the northeastern corner of Broadway and Canal Street. There is a staircase from the Nassau Street Line to the southwestern corner of Centre Street and Canal Street. The Manhattan Bridge branch platforms' exits are also used by the Lexington Avenue Line platforms. Three staircases from the northbound Lexington Avenue Line platform lead to the eastern corners of Lafayette Street and Canal Street, with one to the northeast corner and two to the southeast corner. From the southbound Lexington Avenue Line platform there are staircases to the western corners of Lafayette Street and Canal Street.
Two elevators at the intersection of Canal and Lafayette Streets make the Lexington Avenue Line station accessible as part of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). The northbound platform's elevator is at the northeastern corner, while the southbound platform's elevator is at the northwestern corner. None of the other platforms in the complex are ADA-accessible, but accessibility to those platforms has been proposed under the MTA's 2025–2029 Capital Program.
There are a number of closed exits in the Canal Street complex. One such exit led to a building at the northeastern corner of Canal Street and Centre Street; during the 1996 renovation, this became an emergency exit. Two stairs at the southeastern corner of the same intersection (serving only the northbound platform) are shown in a 1995 neighborhood map, but they had been removed by 1999. At the intersection of Canal and Lafayette Streets, there were additional staircases at the northeastern corner, the northwestern corner, and the southwestern corner.
IRT Lexington Avenue Line platforms.
The Canal Street station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line is a local station that has four tracks and two side platforms. The 6 stops here at all times, rush-hour and midday &lt;6&gt; trains stop here in the peak direction; and the 4 stops here during late nights. The two express tracks are used by the 4 and 5 trains during daytime hours. The station is between to the north and to the south. When the subway opened, the next local stop to the south was ; that station closed in 1962. The platforms were originally long, like at other local stations on the original IRT, but, as a result of the 1959 platform extensions, became long. The platform extensions are at the north ends of the original platforms.
As with other stations built as part of the original IRT, the station was constructed using a cut-and-cover method. The tunnel is covered by a U-shaped trough that contains utility pipes and wires. The bottom of this trough contains a foundation of concrete no less than thick. Each platform consists of concrete slabs, beneath which are drainage basins. The platforms contain columns with white glazed tiles, spaced every . Additional columns between the tracks, spaced every , support the jack-arched concrete station roofs. There is a gap between the trough wall and the platform walls, which are made of -thick brick covered over by a tiled finish. During the late 1910s, contractors waterproofed the station, placing a layer of brick and a layer of concrete under the trackbeds. Retaining walls of brick and asphalt concrete were built on either side of the Bridge Line platforms, underneath the Lexington Avenue Line station, and new roof girders were built to carry the Lexington Avenue Line above the Bridge Line.
The original decorative scheme consisted of blue/green tile station-name tablets, green tile bands, a buff terracotta cornice, and green terracotta plaques. The mosaic tiles at all original IRT stations were manufactured by the American Encaustic Tile Company, which subcontracted the installations at each station. The terracotta plaques depict a small house next to a bridge above a creek. The decorative work was performed by tile contractor Manhattan Glass Tile Company and terracotta contractor Atlantic Terra Cotta Company. The ceilings of the original platforms and fare control areas contain plaster molding. The newer portion has 1950s green tile at the end of the platforms. There are also Independent Subway System (IND)-type "To Canal Street" signs. New lights were installed. Non-original name tables and small "C" mosaics exist.
There are two fare control areas adjacent to each of the platforms. From each fare control area, exit stairways ascend to the corners of Lafayette and Canal streets; the northern fare-control area also lead to a single elevator that ascends to street level. The southbound platform's exits are on the western corners of that intersection, while the northbound platform's exits are on the eastern corners. In addition, a passageway leads from each of the two platforms (between the two fare-control areas), where they descend to a cross-passage above the BMT Bridge Line platforms. From each cross-passage, a stair leads down to either BMT Bridge Line platform.
BMT Nassau Street Line platforms.
The Canal Street station on the BMT Nassau Street Line has three tracks and two island platforms, but only the western island platform is accessible to passengers. The J stops here at all times and the Z stops here during rush hours in the peak direction. The station is between to the north and to the south. Fixed platform barriers, which are intended to prevent commuters falling to the tracks, are positioned near the platform edges.
During the late 1910s, contractors waterproofed the station, placing a layer of brick and a layer of concrete under the trackbeds. Lead plates were installed under the trackbeds where they crossed over the Bridge Line platforms.
Formerly, Canal Street resembled a typical express station, except that the inner tracks dead-ended at bumper blocks at the south end with a platform-level connection joining the southern ends of the two platforms. After a reconfiguration of the Nassau Street Line in 2004, the eastern (former "northbound") platforms were abandoned and the platform-level connection was removed, allowing the former southbound express track to continue south. The westernmost (former "southbound") platform remains in operation and both tracks provide through service; southbound traffic using the former southbound "local" track and northbound traffic using the former southbound "express" track. The former northbound local track is now used only for non-revenue moves, train storage and emergencies while the northbound express stub track was removed. The former northbound "local" track merges with the former southbound "express" track (now the northbound track) south of the station. One stair descends from the western island platform to each of the Bridge Line's side platforms. Another stair ascends from the island platform to a mezzanine, which in turn leads to a station exit on Centre Street.
Within the tunnels north and south of the station, each of the BMT Nassau Street Line's four tracks is separated by a concrete wall, rather than by columns, as in older IRT tunnels. These walls were intended to improve ventilation, as air would be pushed forward by passing trains, rather than to the sides of the tunnel. The wall between the two inner tracks had a thick concrete wall, with openings at infrequent intervals, where train crews could step aside when a train approached. To the north and south of the stations, the wall between the two western tracks, as well as the wall between the two eastern tracks, have openings at frequent intervals. There was an opening in the center wall about from the end of the station that had a narrow platform, which was used by train crews to cross between trains on the center tracks. In 2004, this opening was sealed with new tiling as the eastern platform was in the process of being closed.
South of this station there are unused stub tracks that lead from Chambers Street and used to connect to the southern tracks of the Manhattan Bridge. These tracks were disconnected with the opening of the Chrystie Street Connection in 1967 and now end at bumper blocks.
BMT Broadway Line platforms.
The four platforms of the Canal Street station are located on two levels and are depicted as the same station on the New York City Subway map, but have two distinct station codes and were built as separate stations. Both are part of the BMT Broadway Line. Local trains traveling to Lower Manhattan and to Brooklyn via the Montague Street Tunnel stop at the mainline platforms, while express trains traveling to and from Brooklyn via the Manhattan Bridge stop at the Bridge Line platforms.
The original mosaics at the Broadway Line stations depicted the canal that had run through the area, as seen in a 1796 sketch. The mosaics appeared to also depict the house of U.S. vice president Aaron Burr, who lived near the canal along what is now Broadway. The platforms feature mosaics containing Chinese characters, reflecting the station's location in Chinatown. The symbols on the red wall plaques mean "money" and "luck" and the "Canal Street" name tablet has characters that read "China" and "Town". The platform walls also feature the names "Canal Street" and "Chinatown" in Chinese ().
The station has an art installation entitled "Empress Voyage February 22, 1794" by Bing Lee, installed in 1998 as part of the MTA Arts &amp; Design program. The art installation contains motifs inspired by Chinese characters. The platforms are decorated with teapots resembling the Chinese characters for "good life", while the mezzanine has symbols that variously resemble the characters for "Asia", "cycle", or "quality". Lee's art covers some of the station's original mosaics.
Mainline platforms (upper level).
The Canal Street station on the mainline has four tracks and two side platforms. The outer local tracks, the only ones to stop at this station, provide through service via the Montague Street Tunnel. The R stops here at all times except late nights, when it is replaced by the N. The W stops here during weekdays. The station is between to the north and to the south.
The center tracks, which have never seen revenue service, begin at the unused lower level of City Hall and run north to here, dead-ending at bumper blocks about two-thirds of the way through. The center tracks can be used for layups, but this use has been completely made redundant with the nearby City Hall lower level being used as a layup yard instead. There is a fare control area adjacent to each of the platforms, which in turn contains exit stairways that ascend to the corners of Broadway and Canal Street. The southbound platform's exits are on the western corners of that intersection, while the northbound platform's exits are on the eastern corners. In addition, a stair from each platform descends to an underpass, which leads to a crossover at the western end of the Bridge Line platforms. The northbound fare-control area also has a ramp leading to this passageway.
Bridge Line platforms (lower level).
The Canal Street station on the Manhattan Bridge route has two tracks and two side platforms. When it opened, this station was known as Broadway. The N stops here except at night when it stops at the mainline platforms, while the Q stops here at all times. West (railroad north) of this station, the N makes express stops on weekdays and local stops on weekends, while the Q makes express stops during the day and local stops during the night. The next stop to the west is for local trains and for express trains. The next stop to the east (railroad south) is for Q trains and for N trains.
Although technically located on the BMT Broadway Line, it was originally a distinct station from the mainline, connected only by a passageway. This passageway, accessed by a single stair at the end of either platform, leads to the underpass under the mainline platforms. Additional stairs on each platform lead up to the Nassau Street Line's western platform, the Lexington Avenue Line's southbound platform, and the Lexington Avenue Line's northbound platform.
West of the station, the bridge tracks curve to the north and ramp up between the tracks from the local upper-level platform to form the express tracks. The tunnel continues straight ahead, past the diverge to the mainline. The bellmouths going westward from the west end of the station are a provision from the original plans. East of the station, the tracks cross the south side of the Manhattan Bridge to enter Brooklyn. There are disused trackways leading to the north side tracks of the bridge, which trains from these platforms used to travel on. These tracks were disconnected with the opening of the Chrystie Street Connection in 1967 and no longer have rails or any other infrastructure.
External links.
nycsubway.org:
Google Maps Street View:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="6913224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913224" title="Łukasz Abgarowicz">
Łukasz Abgarowicz

Łukasz Maria Abgarowicz (born 18 October 1949 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish politician.
He graduated from the Veterinary Technical Faculty of the Warsaw University of Life Sciences in 1972 and worked as a race horse trainer at Warsaw State Horse Race Tracks between 1972 and 1988. From 1988 to 1990, he was the corporate development representative of the board of directors of the Inar Company in Warsaw and served as chairman of the board of directors of the Warnet Company (until 1999). Between 1999 and 2002 he was the chairman of the supervisory board of Dom Development Company S.A.
He was a member of the Sejm from 2001 to 2005 representing the 16th Płock district, from the Civic Platform list. He has been a Senator since 2007 and is a member of the national council of the Civic Platform Party of Poland.
He has five children.

</doc>
<doc id="6913228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913228" title="La Troienne (horse)">
La Troienne (horse)



</doc>
<doc id="6913231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913231" title="Swiss Trade Union Federation">
Swiss Trade Union Federation

The Swiss Trade Union Federation (, SGB; ; , USS) is the largest national trade union center in Switzerland.
History.
The federation was founded in 1880. The SGB has close ties with the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland (SPS). Ruth Dreifuss, the former President of the Confederation, and former member of the Swiss Federal Council, was previously an SGB official.
Affiliates.
Current affiliates.
The following unions are affiliated to the SGB:
Presidents.
Since 1884, the SGB has had the following 27 presidents, one of which was a woman:

</doc>
<doc id="6913240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913240" title="Mirosław Drzewiecki">
Mirosław Drzewiecki

Mirosław Michał Drzewiecki () (born 8 July 1956 in Łódź) is a Polish politician, representing Civic Platform. He graduated from Emilia Sczaniecka High School in Łódź, followed by his 5-year stint at the University of Łódź Department of Law, where he obtained his M.A. title. In 1989 he established his own business, which dealt with upholstery and embroidery. Then he became the owner of several restaurants. Currently, he is one of the richest people in Poland, ranked by a weekly Wprost among the Top 100 richest Poles. He is the former Minister of Sport and Tourism. He took over the Ministry following the 2007 parliamentary election, and held the office from November 2007 to October 2009.
Controversy.
In 1996 his figure evoked many controversies because his embroidery firm had falsified trade marks of Adidas and Nike. But the most important controversy linked to Drzewiecki is the so-called Gambling Scandal. In result of this scandal he left the office of Minister of Sport and Tourism and several other prominent members of the Civic Platform were indicted or persecuted. Because of this scandal he was temporarily suspended from the Civic Platform membership and testified in front of the Parliamentary Investigative Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="6913241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913241" title="V3i">
V3i



</doc>
<doc id="6913245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913245" title="Jerzy Fedorowicz">
Jerzy Fedorowicz

Jerzy Feliks Fedorowicz (born 29 October 1947 in Polanica Zdrój) is a Polish actor, theatre director, poet, politician, a former member of the Sejm (2005–2009), and member of the Senate (2015–).
After graduating from the Academy for the Dramatic Arts in Kraków, he became an actor of Teatr Rozmaitości in Kraków ("Variety Theatre in Kraków"), Teatr Dramatyczny ("Dramatic Theatre") in Szczecin (1970–1971) and Teatr Stary ("The Old Theatre") in Kraków (1971–1989). Since 1989, he has been a managing and artistic director of the Teatr Ludowy ("The People's Theatre") in Nowa Huta.
He was one of forerunners of an art therapy method. In 1991 and 1992, Fedorowicz directed the play "Romeo and Juliet", for which he cast local skinheads and punks.
He was elected to Sejm on 25 September 2005; getting 5694 votes in 13 Kraków district as a candidate from the Civic Platform list, and more recently was elected to the Senate in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="6913251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913251" title="Damien Perquis">
Damien Perquis

Damien Albert René Perquis (born 10 April 1984) is a former professional footballer and current assistant coach of Gazélec Ajaccio's B-team.
A defender, he represented France at youth level, before acquiring Polish citizenship and playing for Poland at senior level. He retired in June 2020, after an 18-year professional career.
Personal life.
Perquis was born in Troyes, France. He is of Polish descent by way of his grandmother, Józefa Bierła. His Polish ancestors were from Strzyżewko, in central Poland. He is married, and has two children.
Club career.
Troyes.
Perquis came up through the Troyes AC youth system. He played in Ligue 2 with Troyes AC for 2 years, where he was rated as one of the best defenders of the league.
Saint-Étienne.
In 2005, he signed for Ligue 1 club AS Saint-Étienne as a free agent. In two seasons, he failed to impress with the club and was loaned to Sochaux. After some initial troubles, he finally found his form and became a regular in the starting line-up.
Sochaux.
In 2008, Sochaux bought the player outright. He made a total of 146 appearances for the club, scoring eleven goals, before leaving the club in the summer of 2012.
Real Betis.
In the summer of 2012, Perquis joined Real Betis in Spain. He suffered through various injury problems while in Spain, and was limited to 32 league matches in his three years with Betis.
Toronto FC.
Perquis was released by Betis and signed with Toronto FC of Major League Soccer on 26 January 2015. He mutually agreed to part ways with the club on 12 July 2016.
Nottingham Forest.
On 22 July 2016, Perquis signed a two-year deal with Nottingham Forest. On 27 August 2016, he scored his first goal for the club in a 3–1 home win against Leeds United. On 24 July 2017, Perquis and Nottingham Forest agreed to mutually terminate his contract at the club.
Gazélec Ajaccio.
In 2017, Perquis moved to Gazélec Ajaccio in the Ligue 2, where he played for two years.
International career.
In December 2008, he declared his interest in playing for the Poland national team. Franciszek Smuda, manager of Poland, confirmed that information in July 2010. In January 2011, it was reported that Perquis had filed his application for confirmation of citizenship. However, his family had lost some required documents, and Perquis resigned for applying for confirmation of citizenship. Smuda had to request that the Polish president Bronislaw Komorowski approve his application for citizenship. Perquis received Polish citizenship on 1 September 2011.
On 6 September 2011, Perquis made his international debut during a 2–2 friendly draw against Germany in Gdańsk. He scored his first goal on 26 May 2012, in a 1–0 friendly win against Slovakia. He was selected to the final squad for the UEFA Euro 2012.
Coaching career.
After announcing his retirement from football on social medias on 15 June 2020, Perquis was appointed assistant coach of Gazélec Ajaccio's reserve team.

</doc>
<doc id="6913256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913256" title="Buffalo railway station">
Buffalo railway station

Buffalo (originally Buffalo Creek) was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until 1981 when the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait was closed. The line was then dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail. All that remains at Buffalo is a Pivot Shed, platform mound and a buffer stop. The line to Barry Beach was later dismantled in 1994 and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail, to Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="6913261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913261" title="Anker">
Anker

Anker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6913262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913262" title="First in Hampshire and Dorset">
First in Hampshire and Dorset



</doc>
<doc id="6913263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913263" title="Neculai Paduraru">
Neculai Paduraru



</doc>
<doc id="6913266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913266" title="Womyn's rights">
Womyn's rights



</doc>
<doc id="6913270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913270" title="Jagatjit Singh">
Jagatjit Singh

Colonel Maharajah Sir Jagatjit Singh Sahib Bahadur (24 November 1872 – 19 June 1949) was the last ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Kapurthala during the British Raj in India, from 1877 until his death, in 1949. He ascended to the throne of Kapurthala state on 16 October 1877 and assumed full ruling powers on 24 November 1890 as well indulging in traveling the world and being a Francophile.
Early life and family.
He was born in an Ahluwalia Sikh family. He received the title of Maharaja in 1911. He learned various languages like Punjabi, English, Hindi, French, Spanish, Italian etc. Like his contemporaries Maharaja Bhupinder Singh of Patiala and Maharaja Ranbir Singh of Jind, Jagatjit Singh was also a philanthropist. When he was young he sang in front of the Viceroy with his friend, the next Maharaja of Dholpur, in French and Italian which outraged many of the visitors.
He was cousin of Sardar Bhagat Singh, one of the few Indian Justices of High Court during the British Raj. His grandson Sukhjit Singh served as a Brigadier in the Indian Army. Another grandson Arun Singh was a Minister in the Rajiv Gandhi government who advised Indira Gandhi to declare Operation Blue Star.
Career.
Early career.
His dream was for Kapurthala to be a 'Paris of the East'. He built from the Jagatjit Palace in a French style modelled on the Palace of Versailles, the Moorish Mosque in the North African style “Maghrebi”, the Kapurthala War Memorial and other sites.
He also built a Gurdwara at Sultanpur Lodhi. An advocate of educational opportunities for girls, Maharaja Jagatjit Singh also supported numerous undertakings to ensure women received proper medical care under schemes first initiated under The Countess of Dufferin Fund which provided medical aid, helped build hospitals and medical facilities exclusively for women.
Late career.
He served as the Indian Representative to the League of Nations General Assembly in Geneva in 1925, 1927, and 1929, attended the Round Table Conference in 1931 and was Lt Governor of the PEPSU at the time of his death in 1949, aged 76.
He spent lots of his time travelling, he visited China, Indonesia, Japan, Morocco, Italy, Spain, France, Great Britain, United States of America, Brazil, Argentina and other areas. He had a liking for Japan and France.
He was the first Sikh Maharaja to have cut his Kesh (uncut hair), and was known to have secretly converted to Islam. The Shiromani Akali Dal took on this matter and pressured him. Since 1946 he started becoming closer to his religious heritage and announced that his grandson (Sukhjit Singh) would be a Keshdhari Sikh.
During the Partition of India the 60 percent of Muslims in his state were pushed out by his Kapurthala State Forces to Pakistan, leaving only 1 percent left afterwards.
Death.
Under his leadership, the Kapurthala State joined the Patiala and East Punjab States Union (P.E.P.S.U.) after the Partition of India. Maharaja Jagatjit Singh passed away in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="6913271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913271" title="Ogen (Basilisk)">
Ogen (Basilisk)



</doc>
<doc id="6913276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913276" title="Mast Arboretum">
Mast Arboretum

 
Mast Arboretum is a arboretum and botanical garden on the campus of Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches, Texas, one of 4 main gardens on the campus. The arboretum is open daily without charge.
The arboretum began in 1985 as a landscape plant materials class project, and has grown its collections through exchanges with the Arnold Arboretum, the United States National Arboretum, the North Carolina State University Arboretum, and others.
The arboretum contains more than 3,000 plant species and 20 theme gardens, including butterfly, conifer, fern, herb, heritage, and holly gardens, a pitcher plant bog, Asian valley, beehive exhibit, and a vine collection.
The Ruby Mize Azalea Garden () is of particular interest: The garden was created between 1997 and 2001, and now contains some 7,000 azaleas, 200 camellias, 200 Japanese maple varieties, 180 hydrangea varieties, and 400 other rare ornamental trees and shrubs.

</doc>
<doc id="6913280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913280" title="Bergen Point">
Bergen Point

 
Bergen Point is a point of land that lends its name to the adjacent neighborhood in Bayonne in Hudson County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The point is located on the north side of Kill van Kull at Newark Bay. It is the section of the city closest to the Bayonne Bridge. Historically the term has been used more broadly as synonymous with Constable Hook, from which it is geographically separated at Port Johnson.
History.
The area was connected to Staten Island with a ferry as early as the late 17th century, and was later developed as a resort. In the late 18th century it became more prominent as a ferry landing for travelers between New York City and Philadelphia. An 1837 US government coastal survey map identifies it as Vanhorn Point, reflecting the name of a Dutch family that occupied the area just to the north called Pamrapo (among many other spellings, roughly today's Curries Woods neighborhood in Greenville) from the mid-17th century. The Bergen Point Lighthouse, built offshore in 1849, was demolished and replaced with a skeletal tower in the mid 20th century. A charter was granted for the construction of The Jersey City and Bergen Point Plank Road in 1851.
Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine announced on May 6, 2006, that funding was in place to extend the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail system to Eighth Street. Work was completed and the station opened in January 2011.
A large portion of the point was once site of a Texaco plant, which was cleared and is slated to become a residential and recreational area along Newark Bay and Kill Van Kull. Other former industrial sites are slated for mixed-use development. In 2022, the construction of a major studio at was announced. Called 1888 Studios, it will be the largest in New Jersey.
The renovated Collins Park and walkways along the new developments are part of the Hackensack RiverWalk.

</doc>
<doc id="6913285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913285" title="Chance II (comics)">
Chance II (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6913293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913293" title="2006 Oakland Raiders season">
2006 Oakland Raiders season

The Oakland Raiders season was the franchise's 37th season in the National Football League (NFL), the 47th overall, the 12th back in Oakland, and the only under head coach Art Shell (in his second stint). They failed to improve on their 4–12 record from 2005, and ended with the Raiders having a 2–14 finish, the worst record in the 2006 NFL season, the worst season since the team went 1–13 in 1962, and their worst since the NFL went to a 16-game schedule in 1978, thus earning the right to the No. 1 pick in the 2007 NFL draft.
Despite being one of the league's best defenses, the 2006 Raiders' offense struggled heavily, being the worst offense in the league in 2006, having only 168 points scored (10.5 per game), which is the fifth-fewest by an NFL team in a 16-game schedule. Oakland's two starting quarterbacks – Andrew Walter and Aaron Brooks – each threw only three touchdown passes all year; a seventh was thrown by backup Marques Tuiasosopo.
Since losing to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII, the Raiders had a four-year aggregate record of 15–49 from 2003 to 2006, the worst in the NFL over that span. The only two games that the Raiders won were against the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Arizona Cardinals, who incidentally would play against each other in Super Bowl XLIII just 2 seasons later. The Raiders would beat both teams again in 2018.
According to "Born Free Raider", the 2006 Raiders had the 6th largest offensive-defensive gap in the history, ranking 32nd in offense, but 18th in defense, behind the 2011 Patriots, 2002 and 2004 Chiefs, the 1992 Seahawks, and the 1991 Eagles.
Offseason.
Former Raiders head coach Art Shell, frequently regarded as one of the greatest offensive linemen in NFL history, and who won two Super Bowls and went to multiple Pro Bowls as a member of the Raiders, received an interview. Since firing Shell in 1994, Davis had said numerous times that he regretted the decision. Shell was renamed head coach on February 11, 2006.
Shell's staff for the 2006 season consisted of new offensive coordinator Tom Walsh (who was assistant head coach under Shell during his earlier tenure with the Raiders) and new offensive line coach Jackie Slater. Irv Eatman, formerly of the Kansas City Chiefs, assisted Slater in coaching the offensive line. Special teams coach Joe Avezzano, who took the position in 2004, was replaced; Rob Ryan returned to the team for his third season as defensive coordinator.
Quarterback Kerry Collins, who was 7–21 as a starter over two seasons, was released to create salary cap space. He was replaced by free agent Aaron Brooks, previously of the New Orleans Saints with Andrew Walter and Marques Tuiasosopo as the backups. The Raiders signed Toniu Fonoti but his contract he signed with Oakland was rescinded after he failed a physical.
One of the biggest losses of the offseason was cornerback Charles Woodson. First round draft pick of 2006 Michael Huff, linebacker Thomas Howard (2nd round pick) and offensive lineman Paul McQuistan joined the team. Wide receiver Doug Gabriel was traded to the New England Patriots on September 2, 2006. They brought back Jeff George during the last week of the 2006 pre-season, but he did not make the team. Other notable additions for 2006 were cornerbacks Tyrone Poole and Duane Starks, undrafted free agent tight end John Madsen and defensive end Lance Johnstone who returned to the team. Marcellus Rivers and Rod Smart were signed before training camp but did not make the final 53-man roster.
Regular season.
The Raiders played all three of their divisional opponents at least once during prime time, and faced former division rival Seattle Seahawks in a prime time game as well. They also had a chance of playing in up to two more prime time games by virtue of the NFL's newly implemented flexible scheduling system.
They made their debut on "NBC Sunday Night Football" in Denver against the division rival Broncos. They returned to Monday Night later in the season against the Seattle Seahawks where the Raiders played at Qwest Field for the first time. On Christmas Week, the Raiders made their debut on the NFL Network at home against the Kansas City Chiefs.
Week 1: vs. San Diego Chargers.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
The Raiders started the regular season with a 27–0 shut-out home loss at the hands of the San Diego Chargers on September 11, during the second game of a "Monday Night Football" doubleheader on opening weekend. The team was shut out at home for only the second time in the franchise's history, the first one being a 17–0 loss to the division rival Denver Broncos on October 4, 1981.
Week 2: at Baltimore Ravens.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
The Raiders traveled to Baltimore, Maryland to take on the Ravens. Oakland could only muster six points, however, all of them coming from Kicker Sebastian Janikowski (34-yard field goal in the second quarter and a 51-yard field goal in the fourth quarter), while Baltimore maintained their lead throughout the game. With the loss, the Raiders fell to 0–2.
Week 4: vs. Cleveland Browns.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
Not even their Week 3 Bye could help out Oakland. Despite jumping out to a 21–3 lead and going into halftime ahead 21–10, and despite a touchdown by linebacker Sam Williams and two interceptions by cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha, the Raiders failed to shut down the Browns' offense, allowing 14 third quarter points. In the days after the game, coach Art Shell said that Raider higher-ups responsible for deciding whether or not a challenge is worthwhile told him that one was not following a third and 16 play from the Cleveland Browns' 45-yard-line that went for fifteen yards in the fourth quarter. Shell said that after reviewing the telecast of the game, "I was miffed, because we should have challenged it." Following that, a fourth and 1 hand-off to LaMont Jordan was stopped in the backfield for a loss of two, resulting in a turnover on downs.
Week 5: at San Francisco 49ers.
"at Candlestick Park, San Francisco, California"
The Raiders traveled across the bay to Monster Park in San Francisco to take on the 49ers.
The 49ers got on the board first with an Alex Smith to Arnaz Battle touchdown pass midway through the first quarter. The Raiders responded with a 33-yard field goal by Sebastian Janikowski. Janikowski then converted a 36 yarder early in the second quarter. Randy Moss scored his 100th career touchdown reception on a 22-yard pass from Andrew Walter, as the Raiders went into halftime with a 13–7 lead.
The 49ers then went on to score 24 unanswered points in the second half, as Smith connected on touchdown passes with Battle once again, and Maurice Hicks in the third quarter. Joe Nedney converted a chip shot 19-yard field goal early in the fourth quarter. On the next Raiders play from scrimmage, Melvin Oliver recovered a fumble for a touchdown, as Walter tried to lateral a pass to LaMont Jordan, who let it hit the ground, and assumed it was an incomplete pass. Marques Tuiasosopo hit Courtney Anderson with a touchdown pass late in the game, but it was too little too late. Nedney completed the scoring with a 39-yard field goal.
Week 6: at Denver Broncos.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
The Raiders travelled to INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver to face the division rival Broncos on "Sunday Night Football".
An excellent assessment of the Raiders' futility thus far in the season was provided by a reader of ESPN.com's Bill Simmons. In Simmons' NFL Week 6 preview, "Dave from Washington" submitted: "The Raiders suck so bad that they are 15-point underdogs to a team that scores 12.2 points a game. This has to be a sports first."
For the third time in the season, Oakland failed to score a touchdown, falling to the Broncos in a 13–3 loss. Surprising Week 6 victories by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Tennessee Titans left the Raiders as the NFL's sole winless team.
Week 7: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
On October 22, 2006, the Raiders hosted the Arizona Cardinals in Oakland on the Fox Television Network.
In a game where former Raiders coach John Madden received his Hall of Fame ring in a pregame ceremony, the Raiders jumped out to an early 7-point lead after a Cardinal drive ended in a missed field goal. The long drive, capped by a ReShard Lee rush for a touchdown was their second drive of the game.
On another 1st Quarter Cardinal drive, Derrick Burgess tipped a Matt Leinart pass and the ball was intercepted by Terdell Sands. This set up a one play drive in which Andrew Walter tossed a 32-yard pass to Randy Moss for their second touchdown.
After the teams traded field goals in the 2nd quarter, the Raiders defense stiffened in the 3rd. Michael Huff, the player the Raiders took instead of Leinart in April's draft, tackled running back Marcel Shipp in the end zone for a safety. The safety was preceded by an incomplete pass and 2 consecutive sacks for losses by the Raiders defense.
Andrew Walter finished with 17 of 30 for 260 yards, 1 TD, 1 INT and left the game with a mild hamstring injury.
While containing the Cardinals to 9 points from field goals, the Raiders ended their 11-game losing streak dating back almost a year, to October 23, 2005 and finally got their first win of the season.
Week 8: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
On October 29, 2006, the Raiders hosted the Pittsburgh Steelers in Oakland on CBS. The color commentator for the game was former Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon, with play-by-play announcer Kevin Harlan.
The game was all defense as the Raiders' and Steelers' offenses struggled to gain yardage. It wasn't until the 4th quarter when the Steelers fought to come back from a 7-point deficit and got their yardage total to over 300.
Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger struggled to pass the ball, getting intercepted twice in the first quarter. Fabian Washington got his first career interception and Nnamdi Asomugha got his third, which he returned for a touchdown to give the Raiders a 7–0 lead. The Steelers put up 6 points on two field goals in the second quarter. The Raiders then moved downfield in the final two minutes of the first half. The drive seemed promising after Raiders QB Andrew Walter completed a 19-yard pass to Jerry Porter. It was Porter's first catch of the season in his first game of the season. However, the drive stalled and the Raiders settled for a field goal to end the half up 10–6.
The Raiders moved downfield to start the second half, with the help of two Steelers penalties. The drive also stalled and the Raiders settled for another field goal for a 13–6 lead. Raiders middle linebacker Kirk Morrison got his second interception of the season (and his career) later in the game.
The Raiders offense completely struggled to move the ball and had several three and outs, mainly due to penalties and dropped passes (notably by Randy Moss who got booed after his second dropped pass) and it looked like it would come back to haunt them as the Steelers moved down midway through the fourth quarter and it looked like they would surely tie the game. However, on third and goal, cornerback Chris Carr would intercept Roethlisberger's pass and return it 100 yards for a touchdown. It was the second longest interception return in Raiders history. This gave the Raiders a 20–6 lead. However, they couldn't hold it long, as the Steelers quickly moved downfield and scored the only offensive touchdown of the game, a 25-yard completion to Willie Parker.
Despite the Raiders' offensive problems, they were on pace to have their first game without a turnover. That changed when Steelers LB Joey Porter intercepted an Andrew Walter pass at midfield. The Steelers again moved to the red zone. However, the Raiders defense made an unbelievable effort and stopped the Steelers on four goal line situations giving the ball back to the Raiders offense with less than 2 minutes left. However a three-and-out gave the Steelers offense the ball back with 39 seconds left and a chance to tie the game. After a sack by Raiders DT Warren Sapp, Big Ben attempted a hail mary pass to Nate Washington. The pass was complete, but Nate was tackled at the 4-yard line, short of the end zone as time ran out.
Walter only threw 5-for-14 for 51 yards. His five sacks made the net yardage 17 yards. It was the Raiders lowest offensive yardage (98 yards) in history that they came out victorious. With the win, the Raiders won back-to-back games for the first time since 2005, which also occurred in Weeks 7 and 8. They are now 2–5 after starting the season 0–5.
The Raiders are tied third in interceptions (10), doubling last year's total of 5 (an NFL record low in a 16-game season). However, they are tied dead last in turnover ratio with −9. The defense is ranked #5 in the NFL. Contrast with the offense, which is dead last. The offense failed to score a TD in four of their seven games.
Interesting fact: It was the Steelers first visit to Oakland since December 1995. The Steelers defeated the Raiders 29–10. Coincidentally, the only touchdown the Raiders scored that game was also on an interception return.
The Raiders move to 9–8 against the Steelers in regular season matchups. The Raiders are also now 4–2 (Since 2001) against opponents that were in the Super Bowl the previous season. Both losses came last year when they lost to the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles (both on the road). In 2004, the Raiders defeated the Super Bowl runner up Carolina Panthers in Carolina, defeated the Patriots at home in 2002 and beat the New York Giants at Giants Stadium in 2001.
Week 9: at Seattle Seahawks.
"at Qwest Field, Seattle, Washington"
Hoping to continue building off of their two-game win streak, the Raiders flew to Qwest Field for a Monday Night showdown with the Seattle Seahawks. In the first quarter, Oakland's woes continued to haunt them as QB Seneca Wallace completed a 22-yard TD pass to WR Deion Branch and kicker Josh Brown kicked a 20-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Brown continued to make the Raiders visit terrible with a 25-yard field goal for the only score of the period. After a scoreless third quarter, Brown would put the game away with another 20-yard field goal.
This game marked the first time in Monday Night Football history that a team got shut out twice in one year. Also, QB Andrew Walter got sacked 9 times and Oakland's overall offense was just 185 yards.
Week 10: vs. Denver Broncos.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
Trying to rebound from their Monday Night road loss to the Seahawks, the Raiders went home for an AFC West rematch with the Denver Broncos. In the first quarter, the Raiders struck first. Following an interception by cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha, RB LaMont Jordan plunged in for a 1-yard TD run. The Broncos would respond with QB Jake Plummer completing a 39-yard TD pass to Javon Walker. In the second quarter, Oakland would regain the lead with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 55-yard and a 20-yard field goal. However, after a scoreless third quarter, Denver would retake the lead and win with Plummer completing a 1-yard TD pass to FB Kyle Johnson and kicker Jason Elam getting a 24-yard field goal. Despite a strong defensive effort, including two interceptions from cornerback Fabian Washington, the Raiders lost the game and fell to 2–7.
Week 11: at Kansas City Chiefs.
"at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri"
Trying to rebound from two-straight losses, the Raiders flew to Arrowhead Stadium for a fierce AFC West fight with the Kansas City Chiefs. For this game, QB Aaron Brooks fully recovered from his earlier injuries and returned to the starting lineup. In the first quarter, Chiefs RB Larry Johnson got a 5-yard TD run, while the Raiders responded with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 41-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Oakland had the Kansas City on the run with Janikowski kicking a 36-yard field goal and Brooks completing a 2-yard TD pass to TE Courtney Anderson. In the third quarter, the Chiefs came within three points with kicker Lawrence Tynes getting a 37-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Johnson delivered the death blow with a 1-yard TD run. With the loss, the Raiders fell to 2–8.
Week 12: at San Diego Chargers.
"at Qualcomm Stadium, San Diego, California"
Trying to end a three-game skid, the Raiders flew to Qualcomm Stadium for an AFC West rematch with the San Diego Chargers. After a scoreless first quarter, RB ReShard Lee helped the Raiders strike first with a 1-yard TD run. The Chargers would respond with RB LaDainian Tomlinson with a 4-yard TD run. In the third quarter, Oakland got the lead with QB Aaron Brooks completing a 2-yard TD pass to rookie WR John Madsen for the only score of the period. However, in the fourth quarter, San Diego took control for the win, as Tomlinson threw a successful 19-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates on an HB Option. Afterwards, Tomlinson would end the game with a 10-yard TD run. With the loss, the Raiders fell to 2–9.
Week 13: vs. Houston Texans.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
Trying to end a four-game losing streak, the Raiders went home for a Week 13 fight with the Houston Texans. In the first quarter, Oakland trailed early with DB Demarcus Faggins returning a fumble 58 yards for a touchdown, along with the score of the period. In the second quarter, the Raiders climbed back into the game and into the lead with RB Justin Fargas' 3-yard TD run, along with MLB Kirk Morrison returning a fumble 35 yards for a touchdown. In the third quarter, Oakland's lead vanished with RB Wali Lundy's 3-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Texans wrapped up the game with kicker Kris Brown nailing a 42-yard, a 47-yard, and a 39-yard field goal. The Oakland Raiders secondary (which is ranked #1 in the NFL) held the Texans to −5 yards passing, yet the Raiders were unable to pull out the win. With their fifth-straight loss, the Raiders fell to 2–10.
Week 14: at Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
Trying to snap a five-game losing streak, the Raiders flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 14 fight with the Cincinnati Bengals. On the third play of the game, QB Carson Palmer was intercepted by cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha, only for the Raiders to fumble the ball on the next play from scrimmage. In the first quarter, the Raiders trailed early as QB Carson Palmer completing an 8-yard TD pass to WR Chris Henry, while RB Rudi Johnson got a 1-yard TD run. In the second quarter, following another interception by Asomugha, Oakland managed to get on the board with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 33-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, Cincinnati's dominance continued with Rudi getting a 6-yard TD run, while Palmer hooked up with WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh for a 20-yard TD strike, which was followed up with a missed PAT. In the fourth quarter, the only form of a comeback the Raiders could do was QB Aaron Brooks completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Ronald Curry. With their sixth-straight loss, the Raiders fell to 2–11.
Week 15: vs. St. Louis Rams.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
Trying to end a six-game losing streak, the Raiders went home for an interconference fight with the St. Louis Rams (who, just like the Raiders, used to play in Los Angeles, California). After a scoreless first quarter, Oakland's struggles continued as Rams' kicker Jeff Wilkins nailed a 24-yard and a 34-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Raiders' problems continued with RB Stephen Jackson getting a 4-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, St. Louis wrapped up the game with Jackson getting a 19-yard TD run. With their seventh-straight loss, the Raiders fell to 2–12.
This marked the third time this season that the Raiders got shut out.
Week 16: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
Trying to end a seven-game skid, the Raiders played their final home game of the season against the Kansas City Chiefs in an AFC West rematch on Saturday night. In the first quarter, Oakland struck first with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 25-yard field goal. However, the Chiefs responded with QB Trent Green's 6-yard TD pass to WR Eddie Kennison, along with kicker Lawrence Tynes' 29-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Raiders responded with Janikowski's 37-yard field goal. Unfortunately, K.C. RB Larry Johnson got a 1-yard TD run. In the third quarter, Oakland managed to get the only score of the period with Janikowski's 53-yard field goal. However, the Chiefs wrapped the game up in the fourth quarter with Tynes' 28-yard field goal. With their eighth-straight loss, the Raiders fell to 2–13. Also with the loss, they lost 13 games for the first time since 1961 and it even marked the first time in Raiders history that they lost eight consecutive games to one team (the Chiefs).
Some of causes to Oakland's loss came from five turnovers (two interceptions and three lost fumbles), continuous penalty problems (6 penalties for 45 yards), and a year-long lack of offense.
Week 17: at New York Jets.
"at Giants Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey"
Trying to end their disastrous season on a high note, the Raiders flew to The Meadowlands for a Week 17 fight with the New York Jets. In the first quarter, more of Oakland's lacklusterness flowered as Jets QB Chad Pennington completed a 1-yard TD pass to TE Chris Baker for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Raiders got their only score of the game with kicker Sebastian Janikowski nailing a 35-yard field goal. Afterwards, offensive struggles continued to haunt the Raiders as kicker Mike Nugent nailed a 35-yard field goal. Then, in the second half, New York wrapped up the game Nugent's 22-yard field goal in the third quarter, along with RB Leon Washington's 15-yard TD run and Nugent's 35-yard field goal. With the loss and the Lions win over the Cowboys, Oakland ended up at 2–14, along with the first pick in the 2007 NFL draft.

</doc>
<doc id="6913302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913302" title="Strawberry Studies, Stockport">
Strawberry Studies, Stockport



</doc>
<doc id="6913308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913308" title="Brady Rawlings">
Brady Rawlings

Brady Rawlings (born 10 June 1981 in Devonport, Tasmania) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 245 games for the North Melbourne Kangaroos. Ahead of the 2014 season, he was appointed as the midfield coach of the West Coast Eagles. After three years in the position, Rawlings shifted from coaching to the role of list manager. He grew up in Devonport, Tasmania and attended St Brendan-Shaw College.
He is the younger brother of former AFL footballer, and Richmond 2009 caretaker coach, Jade. Rawlings was recruited to the Kangaroos in the 1998 AFL draft, with the 15th selection. Rawlings completed year 12 (final year of school) at University High School whilst in his first year at the club (1999).
Rawlings made a name for himself becoming one of the league's best taggers, but as his game grew in 2003 he started to win much more of his own ball, to hurt the opposition defensively and offensively. In 2004, he had his best season to date, gaining selection for the International rules football series and taking out the Syd Barker Medal for the North Melbourne best and fairest. In 2005, Rawlings had another solid year, albeit not as good as the previous, but 2006 saw him recapture the career-best form to take out his second Syd Barker Medal.
Rawlings was a solid contributor in 2007 and 2008, but after some retirements, he was forced to be played in a variety of different roles. In 2009, a rebuilding year for the club, he spent much time playing in defence shutting down some of the game's most elusive players in Cyril Rioli and Aaron Davey. Rawlings played his 200th AFL game in North Melbourne's five point win over St Kilda in round 21. He continued in this defensive role in 2010, but was also able to get the ball himself, having a career high 623 possessions and sharing his third Syd Barker Medal with Brent Harvey.
Rawlings retired from football at the end of the 2011 season when North Melbourne finished 9th on the ladder.
After retiring, he joined North Melbourne as the senior recruiting and induction coach- which he held during the 2012/13 seasons. At the end of the 2013 season, Rawlings left North Melbourne to accept a role at the West Coast Eagles as an assistant coach under new senior coach and former teammate and captain of Rawlings Adam Simpson. Following the 2016 season, Rawlings was appointed to the role of list manager.

</doc>
<doc id="6913309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913309" title="Zoumana Camara">
Zoumana Camara

Zoumana Camara (born 3 April 1979) is a French professional football manager and former player who works as the manager of club Montpellier.
After starting out at Saint-Étienne as a centre-back, he went on to amass Ligue 1 totals of 344 matches and six goals over 15 seasons, representing mainly in the competition Paris Saint-Germain and winning eight major titles with that club. He also had a brief spell in England with Leeds United.
Camara appeared for France at the 2001 Confederations Cup.
Club career.
Camara was born in Colombes, Hauts-de-Seine, to Malian parents. He made his professional debut at only 17, appearing in two Ligue 2 seasons with Saint-Étienne. In the summer of 1998 he was purchased by Inter Milan in Italy, but only managed to appear in two Coppa Italia matches with the "Nerazzurri", also being loaned twice during his two-year spell: after a five-month stint with Empoli (suffering relegation from Serie A), he spent one season back in his country with Bastia, helping the Corsicans to a 10th-place finish in Ligue 1.
After one and a half seasons with Marseille – one as a starter, the other as backup – Camara joined Lens. He spent the 2003–04 season on loan to English club Leeds United, scoring in a 3–2 away win against Middlesbrough on 30 August 2003 but eventually being relegated from the Premier League. Two months before leaving the Whites he blasted the organisation, claiming he would not have accepted the club's offer had he known about its financial predicament.
Camara returned to Saint-Étienne in the 2004 off-season, only missing six a total of six games for "Les Verts" over three top-division campaigns. In 2007, he signed a four-year contract with Paris Saint-Germain, being first choice in his first three seasons.
On 12 May 2014, aged 35, Camara signed a new one-year deal with PSG. In June of the following year, after having contributed ten appearances to the conquest of four titles, scoring in a 1–1 league draw at Rennes, he retired from football.
International career.
Camara earned his only cap for France on 1 June 2001, at the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup, starting in the second group stage game against Australia (0–1 loss), with the national team eventually winning the tournament.
Coaching career.
After retiring, Camara worked for Paris Saint-Germain as assistant manager. He was in this role under Laurent Blanc, Unai Emery and Thomas Tuchel successively, but left upon the arrival of Mauricio Pochettino in January 2021. He then became a youth academy sports coordinator at the club. For the 2021–22 season, PSG promised Camara a role as a youth team coach. He was eventually confirmed as under-19 head coach on 1 July 2021. In the 2022–23 season, Camara's under-19s finished runners-up in the Championnat National U19, losing in the final to Nantes. In the 2023–24 season, they came out on top, winning the league after beating Auxerre 3–1 in the final. Camara subsequently decided to leave PSG.
On 8 April 2025, Camara signed with Ligue 1 side Montpellier.
Honours.
Player.
Paris Saint-Germain
France
Manager.
Paris Saint-Germain U19

</doc>
<doc id="6913310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913310" title="Aviezri Fraenkel">
Aviezri Fraenkel

Aviezri Siegmund Fraenkel (; born June 7, 1929) is an Israeli mathematician who has made contributions to combinatorial game theory.
Biography.
Aviezri Siegmund Fraenkel was born in Munich, Germany, to a Jewish family, which then moved to Switzerland soon thereafter. In 1939 his family moved once more, to Jerusalem.
Fraenkel is married to Shaula and father of six. One of his grandchildren, Yaacov Naftali Fraenkel, was kidnapped and murdered by Hamas members in June 2014.
In 2018, in respect for his life's work, Fraenkel was given the highly regarded honor to light one of twelve torches—one for each of Twelve Tribes—at the State of Israel's televised opening ceremony on Har Herzl, Jerusalem, in celebration of Israel's 70th Independence Day (which in 2018, fell on Wednesday evening April 18 – Thursday evening April 19).
Academic career.
Fraenkel received his Ph.D. in 1961 from the University of California, Los Angeles. He was a recipient of the 2005 Euler Medal, together with Ralph Faudree. On December 5, 2006, he received the "WEIZAC Medal" from the IEEE, as a member of the team that built the WEIZAC, one of the first computers in the world and the first computer built in Israel.
Fraenkel was the founder of the Bar Ilan Responsa Project, serving as its initial director (1963–74), which received the Israel Prize in 2007.
His research also delves into computational complexity, as it is important to study the complexity of algorithms which solve games.

</doc>
<doc id="6913311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913311" title="Mmabatho Stadium">
Mmabatho Stadium

Mmabatho Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mafikeng, South Africa. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 59,000 people and was designed and built in 1981 by an Israeli construction firm.
The design of the stadium is almost identical to that of the Odi Stadium located in Mabopane.

</doc>
<doc id="6913313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913313" title="Frisch medal">
Frisch medal



</doc>
<doc id="6913327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913327" title="Walter Gordon Wilson">
Walter Gordon Wilson

Major Walter Gordon Wilson (21 April 1874 – 1 July 1957) was an Irish mechanical engineer, inventor and member of the British Royal Naval Air Service. He was credited by the 1919 Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors as the co-inventor of the tank, along with Sir William Tritton.
Education.
Walter was born in Blackrock, County Dublin, on 21 April 1874. In 1888 he enlisted as a midshipman on HMS "Britannia", but resigned in 1892. 
In 1894 he entered King's College, Cambridge, where he studied the mechanical sciences tripos, graduating with a first class degree, B.A., in 1897. Wilson acted as 'mechanic' for the Hon C. S. Rolls on several occasions while they were undergraduates in Cambridge.
Aero engine 1898.
Interested in powered flight, he collaborated with Percy Sinclair Pilcher and the Hon Adrian Verney-Cave later Lord Braye to attempt to make an aero-engine from 1898. The engine was a flat-twin air cooled and weighed only 40 lb, but shortly before a demonstration flight planned for 30 September 1899 it suffered a crankshaft failure. Unwilling to let down his backers Pilcher opted to demonstrate a glider, which crashed and fatally injured him. The shock of Pilcher's death, at only 33 years old, ended Wilson's plans for aero engines, though he kept the flat twin concept and used it in the cars he subsequently manufactured which he named Wilson-Pilcher.
The Wilson-Pilcher Car 1900.
Following the death of Pilcher, he switched to building the Wilson–Pilcher motor car, which was launched in 1900. This car was quite remarkable in that it was available with either flat-four or flat-six engines, which were very well balanced, and with a low centre of gravity making good stability. Each water cooled cylinder was separate and identical for either engine, having 3.75inch (95.25mm) bore and stroke, giving capacities of 2715cc for the four cylinder and 4072cc for the six cylinder. Cylinders were slightly offset with separate crankpins, and the crankshaft had intermediate bearings between each pair of cylinders.
The gearbox of the car was also novel, having dual epicyclic gears and being bolted directly to the engine. This allowed four speeds, with direct drive in top gear. All the gears were helical, and enclosed in an oil bath, making for very silent transmission. Reverse gear was built into the rear axle, as was the foot-operated brake drum, all of which was housed in a substantial aluminium casing.
After marrying in 1904 he joined Armstrong Whitworth who took over production of the Wilson-Pilcher car. From 1908 to 1914 he worked with J &amp; E Hall of Dartford designing the Hallford lorry which saw extensive service with the army during World War I.
The sole known surviving Wilson-Pilcher car is a four-cylinder version that was retained by the Amstrong Whitworth factory and after restoration in the 1940s was presented to W.G.Wilson in the 1950s. It stayed in Wilson family ownership (having been displayed at various museums) until 2012 when it was sold by auction to a private collector.
Tanks.
With the outbreak of the First World War, Wilson rejoined the navy and transferred to the Royal Naval Air Service Armoured Car Division, which protected the Royal Naval Air Service personnel in France. When the Admiralty began investigating armoured fighting vehicles under the Landship Committee in 1915, 20 Squadron was assigned to it and Wilson was placed in charge of the experiments. Wilson worked with the agricultural engineer William Tritton, resulting in the first British prototype tank, "Little Willie". At Wilson's suggestion the tracks were extended right round the vehicle. This second design (first called "Wilson", then "Centipede", then "Big Willie", and finally "Mother") became the prototype for the Mark I tank.
Designing several of the early British tanks, he incorporated epicyclic gearing which was used in the Mark V tank to allow it to be steered by a single driver rather than the four previously needed. In 1937, he provided a new steering design which gave a larger turning radius at higher speeds.
He transferred to the British Army in 1916, becoming a Major in the Heavy Branch of the Machine Gun Corps - the embryonic Tank Corps. He was mentioned in dispatches twice and was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George on 4 June 1917.
Wilson self-changing gearbox.
In 1928, he invented a self-changing gearbox, and formed Improved Gears Ltd with J D Siddeley to develop the design commercially. Improved Gears later became Self-Changing Gears Ltd.
Wilson self-changing gearboxes were available on most subsequent Armstrong Siddeley automobiles, manufactured up to 1960, as well as on Daimler, Lanchester, Talbot, ERA, AC, Invicta and Riley automobiles as well as buses, railcars and marine launches.
His work on gears was used in many British tanks.
Death.
Wilson died on 1 July 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="6913334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913334" title="Hindu atheists">
Hindu atheists



</doc>
<doc id="6913337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913337" title="Uncle Charlie Wilson">
Uncle Charlie Wilson



</doc>
<doc id="6913339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913339" title="Japanese address">
Japanese address



</doc>
<doc id="6913340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913340" title="Arthur L. Wagner">
Arthur L. Wagner

Arthur Lockwood Wagner (March 16, 1853 – June 17, 1905) was a United States brigadier general and military instructor.
Biography.
Born in Ottawa, Illinois, Wagner graduated from West Point in 1875 near the bottom of his class with a commission in the infantry. While serving on the frontier, Wagner saw action during campaigns against the Sioux and Nez Perce from 1876 until 1877, and the Utes in 1881. Entering military education while assigned as a professor of military science and tactics at the Louisiana State University and East Florida Seminary, Wagner would win high praise from the Military Service Institution of the United States, and greatly increased his prominence as one of the leading military scholars, for his monograph "The Military Necessities of the United States, and the Best Method of Meeting Them" in 1884.
Following his transfer to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas the next year, Wagner accepted a personal request by the commandant of the United States Infantry and Cavalry School to be an assistant instructor of tactics and the military arts. During this time, as the Infantry and Cavalry School became an official military training school with the establishment of regulations and training programs in 1888, Wagner would author several important military textbooks including "The Campaign of Koniggratz" (1889) and "Organization and Tactics" (1895).
Promoted to captain in 1892, Wagner was named head of the Military Arts Department two years later. Promoted to major in 1896, Wagner was transferred to the adjutant general's office of the War Department as Chief of the Military Information Division.
During the Spanish–American War, Wagner served as a staff officer to Gen. Henry Lawton from June to July 1898 and Gen. Nelson A. Miles until August, serving briefly as adjutant general of the Department of Dakota, before his transfer to the Philippines in December 1899. During the Philippine–American War, Wagner served in various staff positions, reaching the rank of colonel before returning to the United States in 1902 as adjutant general of the Department of the Lakes at Chicago.
Wagner lived in Asheville, North Carolina as a staff officer for the recently established Army War College at the Washington Barracks (Fort Lesley McNair), until his death in Asheville, North Carolina on June 17, 1905, the same day in which he had won promotion to brigadier general.

</doc>
<doc id="6913345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913345" title="Joubert de la ferte">
Joubert de la ferte



</doc>
<doc id="6913347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913347" title="Boys railway station">
Boys railway station

Boys was a station on the South Gippsland railway line in Victoria, and opened with the South Gippsland line in January 1892. It was one of the first stations on the line to be closed, which occurred in March 1953. The name of station was derived from "Boys Road", which crossed the line at that point.

</doc>
<doc id="6913352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913352" title="Uncle Cracker">
Uncle Cracker



</doc>
<doc id="6913358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913358" title="William Alexander Smith (Boys Brigade)">
William Alexander Smith (Boys Brigade)



</doc>
<doc id="6913365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913365" title="List of estuaries of England">
List of estuaries of England

The following is a list of estuaries in England:

</doc>
<doc id="6913374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913374" title="Earthquake Game">
Earthquake Game

The Earthquake Game was a college football game in which the crowd reaction after an important play registered on a demonstration seismograph. Played in front of a crowd of 79,431 at Louisiana State University's Tiger Stadium on October 8, 1988, the LSU Tigers upset No. 4 Auburn 7–6.
Background.
The game pitted Southeastern Conference rivals Auburn and LSU and was one of the more notable games in the Auburn–LSU football rivalry. Along with national rankings, the game also proved to be of great significance to that season's eventual SEC title. The stadium was filled to capacity and the game was being broadcast on ESPN.
The game.
The game was dominated by defense. LSU managed only one drive of over 10 yards in the first half. The only score of the first half was a field goal by Auburn's Win Lyle with 1:41 to go before halftime. LSU made it to the Auburn 23-yard line midway through the third quarter, but a clipping penalty moved the team out of field goal range. On Auburn's next possession, Lyle kicked another field goal with 10:18 left in the game to make the score 6–0.
The play.
Auburn led 6–0 with less than two minutes left in the 4th quarter. LSU's quarterback Tommy Hodson drove the team down the field before throwing an 11-yard touchdown pass to Eddie Fuller on 4th down.
The game's name resulted from the reaction of the crowd after the final pass, which registered as ground motion by a demonstration seismograph "installed on the floor" of the LSU’s Howe-Russell Geoscience Complex around from the stadium. This seismograph was there for the hands-on education of visitors and school groups. Someone could jump on the floor and see it record an "earthquake." The seismograph reading was discovered the morning after the game by LSU seismologist Don Stevenson and student worker Riley Milner. Word of the seismograph reading reached "The Daily Reveille" and spread to the local media. Stevenson submitted the reading to the Louisiana Geological Survey to have it preserved. Stevenson displayed a copy of the reading on his office window on the LSU campus that was later observed by an ESPN news crew, which was on campus doing a story sometime prior to when Stevenson left LSU in the summer of 1991. The news crew decided to do a piece on what they dubbed "The Earthquake Game." This news story helped to add more attention to the event.
Aftermath and legacy.
The win brought LSU's win–loss record to 3–2 on the season and a No. 19 ranking in the AP Poll. The team finished the regular season with an 8–3 record and lost to Syracuse in the Hall of Fame Bowl. Auburn dropped to 4–1 and to No. 12 in the poll. The game was the only one Auburn lost in the regular season. The team was defeated by Florida State in the Sugar Bowl.
In games played by LSU at Tiger Stadium, the winning touchdown is included in a montage that is shown at the start of the 4th quarter.
See also.
Similar seismic activity has been registered during other football games: 

</doc>
<doc id="6913375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913375" title="U and Ur Hand">
U and Ur Hand



</doc>
<doc id="6913379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913379" title="Fish Creek railway station">
Fish Creek railway station

Fish Creek was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until 1992 when the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait was closed. The line was then dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail. Fish Creek contained a rather extensive goods yard, all of which now has been demolished. The remaining platform is still in good condition.

</doc>
<doc id="6913382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913382" title="Akeginu">
Akeginu



</doc>
<doc id="6913389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913389" title="Eddie McCallion">
Eddie McCallion

Edward McCallion (born 25 January 1979), commonly known as Eddie McCallion, is a former association football defender from Derry, Northern Ireland.
Club career.
Blackburn Rovers.
Having played with local Derry and District League club, Oxford United, as a youth from 1995, McCallion was spotted by Blackburn Rovers in 1997 and moved to the English club that same year. Spending just a year at Ewood Park, he never managed to break into the first-team whilst there.
Derry City.
McCallion signed for his home town club from Blackburn Rovers in 1998 and made his debut away to Cork City on 6 September 1998. He was the first choice right-back and also performed at centre-back when required.
Dropped from the side for Damian Brennan at the start of the 2005 season, he fought his way back into the team and by the end of the season he was the first choice right-back, helping his club to a second-place finish in the league. He scored an important goal against Kildare County in the FAI Cup that same season and his overlapping runs offered Derry City FC another attacking option.
In 2003, Eddie McCallion had a daughter called Macy, and in 2008, he had a daughter named Laila.
McCallion often deputised in the role of captain when Peter Hutton was absent. McCallion had captained the side on 13 occasions by the end of the 2006 season - one of the most notable of these being Derry City's UEFA Cup First Round 0–0 draw against Paris Saint-Germain at the Brandywell Stadium on 14 September 2006.
McCallion made 52 appearances in all competitions during the 2006 season, the most of any City player that season, and, once again, helped the club finish as runners-up in the league for a second season running, consolidating his position as a firm fan-favourite.
Eddie has three sisters and 4 brothers
Due to his years of service and refusal to let managers move him on, Eddie has acquired hero like status with the Brandywell faithful and is viewed by many fans as the one player who embodies the club values more than any other.
The defender is one of the few brothers to have played in a winning FAI Cup side, as he appeared with brother Tommy in the 2002 final team.
After 14 years, Eddie made his final appearance for Derry against former longtime manager Stephen Kenny's Shamrock Rovers. He came on as a stoppage time substitute to thunderous applause from the Brandywell faithful. He would then join Glenavon on a two-year contract.
Glenavon.
McCallion signed for Glenavon on a 2-year deal in July 2012, and made a total of 112 NIFL Premiership appearances for the club.
Bangor.
He signed for NIFL Championship One club Bangor in the summer of 2014, and made 5 substitute appearances during the 2014/15 season.
International career.
McCallion played for Northern Ireland at schoolboy, youth and under-21 level.
Honours.
Derry City
Glenavon

</doc>
<doc id="6913394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913394" title="Mary Travers Murphy">
Mary Travers Murphy

Mary Travers Murphy (born July 31, 1958) is the executive director of the Family Justice Center of Erie County, New York. She was formerly a consumer affairs journalist and was part of the Action 7 news team on ABC affiliate WKBW-TV, based in Buffalo. She left that position in June 2004. Prior to joining WKBW, Travers was a reporter for WEBR.
In 2005 she was elected to a four-year term as town supervisor of Orchard Park, New York. In 2009, she did not seek re-election.
Personal life.
She is married to John Murphy, the play-by-play announcer for the Buffalo Bills. Travers and Murphy were the first married couple to work at the same television station in the Buffalo market at the same time.
Her hobbies include cooking for her family, worship, reading novels, NPR, &amp; antique ceramics.

</doc>
<doc id="6913395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913395" title="Boca Chica Key, Florida">
Boca Chica Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913396" title="List of CRT projectors">
List of CRT projectors



</doc>
<doc id="6913398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913398" title="Roger Alan Wade">
Roger Alan Wade

Roger Alan Wade is an American singer-songwriter from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Career.
According to his website, Wade has penned songs for country legends such as Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, George Jones, Hank Williams, Jr. and several others. He embarked on a solo career with the promotional assistance of his cousin, actor Johnny Knoxville, who occasionally featured Wade's music on his TV show "Jackass", and its subsequent movies.
He was featured on the TV show "Wildboyz". During an appearance on "The Howard Stern Show", Knoxville promoted Wade's songs, which were favorably received by Stern and his audience and given frequent airplay thereafter.
Wade's lyrics satirically and detrimentally deal with topics and stereotypes relating to redneck and honky tonk culture. Before nearly every live song, Roger states, "this is a song about a girl". He co-wrote the hit song "Country State of Mind" with Hank Williams, Jr.
His songs feature folky arrangements, featuring little or no accompaniment beyond acoustic guitar. His best known compositions include "BB Gun", "Butt Ugly Slut", "D-R-U-N-K", "Poontang", and "If You're Gonna Be Dumb". Wade's lesser known works are less hysterical and carry a more lyrical tone including "The First Time I Saw Waylon", "Brainerd Road", and "Jingle Jangle". His song "If You're Gonna Be Dumb You Gotta Be Tough" has appeared in every "Jackass" film, with Wade's version on the first film and subsequent films featuring covers of the song by Smut Peddlers, Karen O, The Deadly Syndrome, Yelawolf and DJ Paul, and Starcrawler. Wade wrote "The Light Outlives the Star" for a friend of his daughter who died in an automobile accident. It later served as a tribute to his friend and fan, Ryan Dunn, who died in a car accident on June 20, 2011.
Wade has provided voiceover work for WUUQ 97.3 and 99.3 FM, a classic country station in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as well as classic country formatted WWLG "96.7 The Legend" in Atlanta, Georgia from its launch in late 2007 to around 2009. Since 2008, Knoxville and Wade have hosted an hour-long weekly show, "Big Ass Happy Family Jubilee" (named after a Wade song), on Sirius XM's Outlaw Country channel.

</doc>
<doc id="6913399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913399" title="Association for Learning Technology">
Association for Learning Technology

The Association for Learning Technology (ALT) is a United Kingdom professional body and learned society. Founded in 1993 as a Registered Charity, ALT brings together people and organisations with an interest in the use of learning technology.
Membership.
ALT has over 170 organisational and sponsoring members, and over 2,290 individual members as reported in the 2016/17 accounts. Organisational members include the majority of the UK's universities. Sponsoring members include public sector agencies such as the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills and the Higher Education Academy, and companies such as Blackboard, Google, Microsoft and Toshiba. There are three categories of individual member: Associate Member, Ordinary Member, and, under a scheme which has operated since 2005, Certified Member (CMALT).
Activities.
ALT's activities include the following:
Aims.
ALT aims to:

</doc>
<doc id="6913401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913401" title="Bill Elliott's Fast Tracks">
Bill Elliott's Fast Tracks



</doc>
<doc id="6913403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913403" title="Energy medicine">
Energy medicine

Energy medicine is a branch of alternative medicine based on a pseudo-scientific belief that healers can channel "healing energy" into patients and effect positive results. The field is defined by shared beliefs and practices relating to mysticism and esotericism in the wider alternative medicine sphere rather than any unified terminology, leading to terms such as energy healing, vibrational medicine, and similar terms being used synonymously. In most cases, no empirically measurable "energy" is involved: the term refers instead to so-called subtle energy. Practitioners may classify their practice as hands-on, hands-off, or distant, wherein the patient and healer are in different locations. Many approaches to energy healing exist: for example, "biofield energy healing", "spiritual healing", "contact healing", "distant healing", therapeutic touch, Reiki, and "Qigong".
Reviews of the scientific literature on energy healing have concluded that no evidence supports its clinical use. The theoretical basis of energy healing has been criticised as implausible; research and reviews supportive of energy medicine have been faulted for containing methodological flaws and selection bias, and positive therapeutic results have been determined to result from known psychological mechanisms, such as the placebo effect. Some claims of those purveying "energy medicine" devices are known to be fraudulent, and their marketing practices have drawn law-enforcement action in the U.S.
History.
History records the repeated association or exploitation of scientific inventions by individuals claiming that newly discovered science could help people to heal. In the 19th century, electricity and magnetism were in the "borderlands" of science, and electrical quackery became rife. These concepts continue to inspire writers in the New Age movement. In the early 20th century, health claims for radio-active materials put lives at risk; recently, quantum mechanics and grand unification theory have provided similar opportunities for commercial exploitation. Thousands of devices claiming to heal via putative or veritable energy are used worldwide. Many are illegal or dangerous and are marketed with false or unproven claims. The Oregon Board of Chiropractic Examiners barred EPFX use by chiropractors. Reliance on spiritual and energetic healing is associated with serious harm or death when patients delay or forego medical treatment.
Classification.
The term "energy medicine" has been in general use since the founding of the non-profit "International Society for the Study of Subtle Energies and Energy Medicine" in the 1980s. Guides are available for practitioners, and other books aim to provide a theoretical basis and evidence for the practice. Energy medicine often proposes that imbalances in the body's "energy field" result in illness, and that by rebalancing the body's energy field, health can be restored. Some modalities describe treatments as ridding the body of negative energies or blockages in 'mind'; illness or episodes of ill health after a treatment are referred to as a 'release' or letting go of a 'contraction' in the body-mind. Usually, a practitioner will then recommend further treatments for complete healing.
The US-based "National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health" (NCCIH) distinguishes between health care involving scientifically observable energy, which it calls "Veritable Energy Medicine", and health care methods that invoke physically undetectable or unverifiable "energies", which it calls "Putative Energy Medicine":
Polarity therapy founded by Randolph Stone is a kind of energy medicine based on the belief that a person's health is subject to positive and negative charges in their electromagnetic field. It has been promoted as capable of curing many human ailments ranging from muscular tightness to cancer; however, according to the American Cancer Society, "available scientific evidence does not support claims that polarity therapy is effective in treating cancer or any other disease."
Beliefs.
There are various schools of energy healing, including biofield energy healing, spiritual healing, contact healing, distant healing, Pranic Healing, therapeutic touch, Reiki, and "Qigong" among others.
Spiritual healing occurs largely among practitioners who do not see traditional religious faith as a prerequisite for effecting cures. Faith healing by contrast takes place within a traditional or non-denominational religious context such as with some televangelists. The Buddha is often quoted by practitioners of energy medicine, but he did not practise "hands on or off" healing.
Energy healing techniques such as therapeutic touch have found recognition in the nursing profession. In 2005–2006, the North American Nursing Diagnosis Association approved the diagnosis of "energy field disturbance" in patients, reflective of what has been variously called a "postmodern" or "anti-scientific" approach to nursing care. This approach has been strongly criticised.
Believers in these techniques have proposed quantum mystical invocations of non-locality to try to explain distant healing. They have also proposed that healers act as a channel passing on a kind of bioelectromagnetism which shares similarities to vitalistic pseudosciences such as orgone or "qi". Writing in the "Journal of Bodywork and Movement Therapies", James Oschman introduced the concept of healer-sourced electromagnetic fields which change in frequency. Oschman believes that "healing energy" derives from electromagnetic frequencies generated by a medical device, projected from the hands of the healer, or by electrons acting as antioxidants. Beverly Rubik, in an article in the "Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine", justified her belief with references to biophysical systems theory, bioelectromagnetics, and chaos theory that provide her with a "...scientific foundation for the biofield..." Drew Leder remarked in a paper in the same journal that such ideas were attempts to "make sense of, interpret, and explore 'psi' and distant healing." and that "such physics-based models are not presented as explanatory but rather as suggestive."
Physicists and sceptics criticise these explanations as pseudophysics – a branch of pseudoscience which explains magical thinking by using irrelevant jargon from modern physics to exploit scientific illiteracy and to impress the unsophisticated.
Indeed, even enthusiastic supporters of energy healing say that "there are only very tenuous theoretical foundations underlying [spiritual] healing".
Scientific investigations.
Distant healing.
A systematic review of 23 trials of distant healing published in 2000 did not draw definitive conclusions because of the methodological limitations among the studies. In 2001 the lead author of that study, Edzard Ernst, published a primer on complementary therapies in cancer care in which he explained that though "about half of these trials suggested that healing is effective", the evidence was "highly conflicting" and that "methodological shortcomings prevented firm conclusions." He concluded that "as long as it is not used as an alternative to effective therapies, spiritual healing should be virtually devoid of risks." A 2001 randomised clinical trial by the same group found no statistically significant difference on chronic pain between distance healers and "simulated healers". A 2003 review by Ernst updating previous work concluded that the weight of evidence had shifted against the use of distant healing, and that it can be associated with adverse effects."
Contact healing.
A 2001 randomised clinical trial randomly assigned 120 patients with chronic pain to either healers or "simulated healers", but could not demonstrate efficacy for either distance or face-to-face healing. A systematic review in 2008 concluded that the evidence for a specific effect of spiritual healing on relieving neuropathic or neuralgic pain was not convincing. In their 2008 book "Trick or Treatment", Simon Singh and Edzard Ernst concluded that "spiritual healing is biologically implausible and its effects rely on a placebo response. At best, it may offer comfort; at worst, it can result in charlatans taking money from patients with serious conditions who require urgent conventional medicine."
Evidence base.
Alternative medicine researcher Edzard Ernst has said that although an initial review of pre-1999 distant healing trials highlighted 57% of trials as showing positive results. Later reviews of non-randomised and randomised clinical trials conducted between 2000 and 2002 led to the conclusion that "the majority of the rigorous trials do not support the hypothesis that distant healing has specific therapeutic effects." Ernst described the evidence base for healing practices to be "increasingly negative". Many of the reviews were also under suspicion for fabricated data, lack of transparency, and scientific misconduct. He concluded that "[s]piritual healing continues to be promoted despite the absence of biological plausibility or convincing clinical evidence ... that these methods work therapeutically and plenty to demonstrate that they do not." A 2014 study of energy healing for colorectal cancer patients showed no improvement in quality of life, depressive symptoms, mood, or sleep quality.
Earthing.
The "Earthing Institute" gathers researchers and therapists who believe that to maintain or regain good health, direct contact with Earth by removing floors, carpets, and especially shoes is necessary. Walking barefoot and sleeping on the ground are conceived as useful tools for achieving the "earthing" (or "grounding") of the body. It is claimed that thanks to earthing one would benefit from the "extraordinary healing power" of Nature through the transferral of electrons from the Earth's surface to the body: "a primordial and naturally stabilized electric reference point for all body biological circuits is created". According to its practitioners, Earthing has preventive and curative effects on chronic inflammation, aging-related disorders, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, arthritis, autoimmune disorders, cancer, and even depression and autism spectrum disorders.
The concept of earthing has been criticized as pseudoscience by skeptics and the medical community. A review of the available literature on the subject was written by several people that are financially tied to the company espousing the practice of earthing. Steven Novella referred to the work as "typical of the kind of worthless studies designed to generate false positives—the kind of in-house studies that companies sometimes use so that they can claim their products are clinically proven."
Bioresonance therapy.
Bioresonance therapy (including MORA therapy and BICOM) is a pseudoscientific medical practice in which it is proposed that electromagnetic waves can be used to diagnose and treat human illness.
History and method.
Bioresonance therapy was invented (in Germany) in 1977 by Franz Morell and his son-in-law, engineer Erich Rasche. Initially, they marketed it as "MORA-Therapie", for MOrell and RAsche. Some of the machines contain an electronic circuit measuring skin-resistance, akin to the E-meter used by Scientology, which the bioresonance creators sought to improve; Franz Morell had links with Scientology.
Practitioners claim to be able to detect a variety of diseases and addictions. Some practitioners also claim they can treat diseases using this therapy without drugs, by stimulating a change of "bioresonance" in the cells, and reversing the change caused by the disease. The devices would need to isolate and pinpoint pathogens' responses from the mixture of responses the device receives via the electrodes. These transformed signals transmitted over the same electrodes has a healing effect, claim practitioners.
Scientific evaluation.
Lacking any scientific explanation of how bioresonance therapy might work, researchers have classified bioresonance therapy as pseudoscience. Some studies did not show effects above that of the placebo effect. WebMD states: "There is no reliable scientific evidence that bioresonance is an accurate indicator of medical conditions or disease or an effective treatment for any condition."
Proven cases of online fraud have occurred, with a practitioner making false claims that he could cure cancer, and that his clients did not need to follow the chemotherapy or surgery recommended by medical doctors, which can be life-saving. Ben Goldacre ridiculed the BBC when it reported as fact a clinic's claim that the treatment could stop 70% of clients smoking, a better result than any conventional therapy.
In the United States of America, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classifies "devices that use resistance measurements to diagnose and treat various diseases" as Class III devices, which require FDA approval before marketing. The FDA has banned some of these devices from the US market, and has prosecuted many sellers of electrical devices for making false claims of health benefits.
According to Quackwatch, the therapy is completely nonsensical and the proposed mechanism of action impossible.
Explanations for positive reports.
There are several, primarily psychological, explanations for positive reports after energy therapy, including placebo effects, spontaneous remission, and cognitive dissonance. A 2009 review found that the "small successes" reported for two therapies collectively marketed as "energy psychology" (Emotional Freedom Techniques and Tapas Acupressure Technique) "are potentially attributable to well-known cognitive and behavioral techniques that are included with the energy manipulation." The report concluded that "[p]sychologists and researchers should be wary of using such techniques, and make efforts to inform the public about the ill effects of therapies that advertise miraculous claims."
There are primarily two explanations for anecdotes of cures or improvements, relieving any need to appeal to the supernatural. The first is "post hoc ergo propter hoc", meaning that a genuine improvement or spontaneous remission may have been experienced coincidental with but independent from anything the healer or patient did or said. These patients would have improved just as well even had they done nothing. The second is the placebo effect, through which a person may experience genuine pain relief and other symptomatic alleviation. In this case, the patient genuinely has been helped by the healer not through any mysterious or numinous function, but by the power of their own belief that they would be healed. In both cases, the patient may experience a real reduction in symptoms, though in neither case has anything miraculous or inexplicable occurred. Both cases are strictly limited to the body's natural abilities.
Positive findings from research studies can also result from such psychological mechanisms, or as a result of experimenter bias, methodological flaws such as lack of blinding, or publication bias; positive reviews of the scientific literature may show selection bias, in that they omit key studies that do not agree with the author's position. All of these factors must be considered when evaluating claims.

</doc>
<doc id="6913404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913404" title="Figures in a Landscape">
Figures in a Landscape

Figures in a Landscape was Barry England's first novel. Published by Jonathan Cape in the summer of 1968, it was hailed by critics as an exemplary addition to the literature of escape. Two professional soldiers, Ansell and MacConnachie, have escaped from a column of POWs in an unnamed country in the tropics. Safety across the border lies 400 miles away; in the meantime, they must make their way through alien territory, battling the climate and the terrain as well as the enemy's soldiers and helicopters. The Times called the book "a fiercely masochistic accomplishment" and concluded another review as follows:
"Figures in a Landscape" was nominated for the inaugural Booker Prize (losing to P. H. Newby's "Something to Answer For") but won the Authors' Club Best First Novel Award. The novel was made into a film by famed director Joseph Losey in 1970, and featured Robert Shaw and Malcolm McDowell in the two main roles.

</doc>
<doc id="6913405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913405" title="Ovens and King Football League">
Ovens and King Football League



</doc>
<doc id="6913412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913412" title="Hoddle railway station">
Hoddle railway station

Hoddle (originally Hoddle Range) was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and was one of the first to close on the South Gippsland line, closing in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="6913415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913415" title="Tim Walsh (Australian rules footballer)">
Tim Walsh (Australian rules footballer)



</doc>
<doc id="6913417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913417" title="Antony and Cleopatra (1972 film)">
Antony and Cleopatra (1972 film)

 
Antony and Cleopatra is a 1972 film adaptation of the play of the same name by William Shakespeare, directed by and starring Charlton Heston, and made by the Rank Organisation. Heston and Hildegarde Neil portray the titular roles of Mark Antony and Cleopatra, with a supporting cast featuring Eric Porter, John Castle, Fernando Rey, Carmen Sevilla, Freddie Jones, Peter Arne, Douglas Wilmer, Julian Glover and Roger Delgado. The picture was produced by Peter Snell from a screenplay by Federico De Urrutia and the director.
Plot.
In Egypt, messengers from Rome arrive to inform Mark Antony, a Roman general and member of the Second Triumvirate, of Rome's political affairs. Antony, who has fallen in love with Cleopatra, the Queen of Egypt, is uninterested but Cleopatra persuades him to listen. Proculeius informs Antony that his wife Fulvia has died after she and Antony's brother Lucius Antonius had rebelled against Octavius, another triumvir. 
In Rome, Octavius notifies Lepidus, the third triumvir, that Antony has abandoned his responsibilities. Lepidus defends Antony's weaknesses, and the two agree to raise an army against Sextus Pompey. Antony returns to Rome to amend relations with Octavius, in which Agrippa suggests Antony marry Octavius's sister Octavia. Before battle, the triumvirs meet with Pompey and offer him control of Sicily and Sardinia on the condition he drives out the pirates and pay tribute. After some hesitation, Sextus agrees. They engage in a drunken celebration on Sextus' galley. Meanwhile, Menas suggests to Sextus that he defeat his political rivals and make himself ruler of the Roman Republic, but Sextus refuses. 
Back in Egypt, Cleopatra learns Antony's marriage to Octavia and strikes her messenger for delivering the news. She sends her messenger to witness the marriage union in Rome, in which the messenger then returns to Egypt and describes Octavia's physical features. While in Rome, Antony asks a soothsayer whether his or Octavius's fortunes will rise. The soothsayer replies in favor of Octavius and advises Antony to keep his distance. Antony then returns to Egypt and reunites with Cleopatra, where he crowns her and himself as coregents of Egypt. In the wake, Octavius finds Antony is displeased with his allocation of Sextus Pompey's territories and dictates that Lepidus be disposed as triumvirate. 
Octavius agrees with the latter demand but declares war against Antony. Enobarbus urges Antony to fight on land, believing that Octavius's naval forces hold the greater advantage. Antony however refuses and battles Octavius's forces in the Battle of Actium, with assistance from Cleopatra's fleet. During the battle, Cleopatra's fleet withdraws and Antony follows, leaving his forces defeated. Antony returns to the palace and lies in shame accusing himself of dishonor. Cleopatra comforts Antony, and as the two kiss, he remarks that even her kiss repays him for his shame.
On the eve of battle, Antony sends the soothsayer requesting a truce, but Octavius declines. Octavius then sends Thidias, a messenger, to ask Cleopatra to give up Antony and switch sides. She hesitates and flirts with the messenger until Antony walks in and angrily denounces her behavior. He has Thidias whipped. Eventually, Antony forgives Cleopatra. The next day, Antony challenges Octavius, whose forces are near Alexandria, to a one-on-one combat. Antony's forces depart to battle Octavius's on land while Enobarbus stays behind. Believing Antony's forces will fall to Octavius, Enobarbus throws himself off a cliff and dies. 
Antony loses the battle and as he deserts en masse, he denounces Cleopatra for betrayal. Inside the palace, Cleopatra locks herself inside a monument, and sends her messenger to falsely inform Antony of her death. Believing she has died, Antony requests Eros, his aide, to impale him with his sword. Eros declines and instead impales himself, leaving Antony to do it himself. As Antony bleeds, the soothsayer informs him that Cleopatra is still alive. A dying Antony returns to Cleopatra and dies in her arms. 
Octavius is informed of Antony's death and sends Proculeius to demand for Cleopatra's surrender. Cleopatra tries to take her own life but is prevented. Sometime later, Octavius arrives and assures her that as his prisoner of war, she will be treated with respect. Cleopatra imagines she will be humiliated and proceeds to kill herself through the venomous bite of an asp. Her handmaidens Charmian and Iras follow her in death. Upon learning of Cleopatra's death, Octavius decides to have her buried next to Antony.
Production.
The film was produced by Peter Snell, who had just made another film adaptation of a Shakespeare play with Charlton Heston, "Julius Caesar". Heston had played the role of Marc Antony in that movie, as well as other adaptations of "Julius Caesar". He had appeared in "Antony and Cleopatra" on Broadway with Katherine Cornell, in a small role, and loved the play. Heston and Snell decided to make a film of "Anthony and Cleopatra".
Heston adapted the play into a screenplay himself, working on it in 1969. He wrote in his diary that this was "one of the most satisfying experiences in my career" calling the original text "the most filmable of all Shakespeare’s plays. He has been described as the first screenwriter. If so, this is his best screenplay."
Heston originally considered Jack Gold to direct and for several months un early 1970 it seemed this might happen. Peter Grenville was also considered. In Heston's diaries he saw "Chimes and Midnight" in September 1970 and was so impressed he decided to offer the job of directing to Orson Welles. Welles was interested but by the end of October said he was unavailable so Heston decided to do it himself.
Heston asked Laurence Olivier and Orson Welles to direct but both turned it down, so he decided to do it himself. He said both men advised him to make it only if Heston found a "great" Cleopatra. In his diaries, Heston mentions considering Irene Pappas, Anne Bancroft and Sophia Loren and Susannah York; he felt dismissed Glenda Jackson after seeing "Women in Love" although later said this was a mistake, and thought Barbara Jefford was not sexy enough. He filmed tests of Barbara Jefford and Hildegarde Neil and eventually cast the latter.
Raising finance was difficult with Commonwealth United promising support then withdrawing. On 24 June 1970 Heston wrote "I have to make this picture... I think it can be the best picture I ever made... and I hope, desperately, that someone with a million and a half dollars thinks so too." Eventually distributors in 21 countries put up 65 percent of the $1.8 million budget (which was actually $2.7 million but Heston and Snell deferred their fees). A bank put up the remainder 35 percent. 
The film was shot in Spain. Heston re-used leftover footage of the sea battle from his 1959 film "Ben-Hur" as well as outtakes from the 1963 film "Cleopatra".
Charlton Heston had played Mark Antony in two previous Shakespearean films, both adaptations of "Julius Caesar", the first in 1950, the second in 1970 (also produced by Peter Snell).
Home video.
The film received poor reviews and, as a consequence, a very limited release in the United States. It was released on DVD in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6913421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913421" title="Cape Jazz">
Cape Jazz



</doc>
<doc id="6913428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913428" title="Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply">
Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply

Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply is a studio album by the British rock group Slade, released in America and Canada on 2 April 1984. It is a repackaged version of "The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome" which was released in the UK, Europe and across the rest of the world in December 1983. "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply" reached No. 33 in the US and No. 26 in Canada, giving the band their breakthrough in the US. The album proved to be the most successful North American release of Slade's career. Both "Run Runaway" and "My Oh My" enjoyed Top 40 success as singles there.
In August 1984, the album was certified Gold in Canada for 50,000 sales.
Background.
The 1983 success of Quiet Riot's version of Slade's 1973 UK chart topper "Cum On Feel the Noize" led to Slade signing with CBS for their first American record deal since the 1970s. The label soon repackaged the band's recently released album, "The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome", into "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply". "The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome", along with its singles "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway", had already achieved success in the UK and Europe. "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply" featured a different track-order. It also replaced "Cocky Rock Boys (Rule O.K.)" and "Razzle Dazzle Man" with the 1983 "My Oh My" B-Sides "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply" and "Can't Tame a Hurricane".
"Run Runaway" was released first in America in March 1984. The song's music video received heavy rotation on MTV, and "Run Runaway" went on to reach No. 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 1 on the Rock Tracks chart. The album, "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply", was released in April, reaching No. 33 on the "Billboard" 200. "My Oh My" was released as the second single in June and would reach No. 37 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Slam the Hammer Down" was later released as a promotional-only single, featuring a "Hot" and "Hotter" remix by Shep Pettibone.
The band's new-found success in America saw them set out to do a full American tour supporting Ozzy Osbourne. For their American activities, Slade were managed by Sharon Osbourne. Prior to the tour, the band played a few warm-up shows. However, on the first night of the tour with Osbourne, Slade had to cancel the remainder of the shows when bassist Jim Lea collapsed after the first gig and was diagnosed with hepatitis. Coinciding with the breakdown of lead vocalist Noddy Holder's marriage, the band agreed to stop touring to allow Holder a break. This was the final time the band would tour together, although the band would continue recording and releasing new material.
Song information.
"Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply" is about a drunk driver with an "amorous female" as passenger being followed by the police. "(And Now the Waltz) C'est La Vie" was originally released as a single in November 1982, where it reached No. 50 in the UK. "Ready to Explode" is an eight-and-half-minute, multi-themed song about the excitement of motor racing.
Critical reception.
Upon release, "Chicago Tribune" noted Slade's "sledgehammer style" being similar to the "intensity of metal attacks", but with an approach "more melodic". They summarised: "It's all loud, aggressive music, and new Slade numbers such as "Slam the Hammer Down" should satisfy even the most demanding metal-head." "Daily Record" of Morristown highlighted Holder's "sandpaper rasp", adding he sounded "pleasantly abrasive". The review concluded: "Their tunefulness and their humor make them a wonderful alternative to such grim successors as Judas Priest, or even the colorless Quiet Riot." "Philadelphia Daily News" felt the album did not contain anything "quite so inspired and grungy" as "Mama Weer All Crazee Now", but added: "fans of light heavy metal and Joan Jett's style of headbashing will find this batch of grunge very much to their liking."
"Springfield Leader &amp; Press" described the album as containing "pretty simple rockers" and "piledriving rock 'n' roll", with a "goofy sense of fun", "memorable chorus[es]" and "lots of guitar". They concluded: "If Quiet Riot can score hits, then there is no reason why Slade can't." "The Odessa American" wrote: "Half of this album is negligible, but 10 years after "Slayed?", this veteran troupe still delivers non-bombastic rock melodies, charming ballads and of course, misspelled song titles." "The Pittsburgh Press" described the album as "powerful" but not "mindless", adding that the album "could win Slade the American audience they couldn't wrest from Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin and Uriah Heep more than a decade ago."
In a retrospective review, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic summarised the album as showing that Slade "are still the masters of loud, trashy hard rock." Jeff Giles of "Ultimate Classic Rock" said the album was the "right album at the right time – a well-written and smartly polished set of songs that topped off the band's rock sound with pop production perfectly in step with current trends."

</doc>
<doc id="6913436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913436" title="Foster railway station">
Foster railway station

Foster was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened during the 1890s and was operated until 1992 when the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait was closed. The line was dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="6913449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913449" title="Sri Lanka civil war">
Sri Lanka civil war



</doc>
<doc id="6913451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913451" title="Valerie Page">
Valerie Page

Valerie Page may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6913456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913456" title="Bennison railway station">
Bennison railway station

Bennison (originally Franklin River) was a railway station on the South Gippsland line, in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s, and was closed to all traffic on 1 August 1973, at a time when many other stations and lines were closing around Victoria. The line was closed in 1991, at the same time as the line to Barry Beach, servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait, was closed. The line was then dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="6913459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913459" title="Sean Hargan">
Sean Hargan

Sean Hargan (born 1974) is a former professional footballer known for his long association with Derry City. A key member of the Derry City's 1996-97 league-winning side, Hargan played a pivotal role in the club's success over the years. His commitment and leadership on the pitch earned him a testimonial year in 2005, recognising his outstanding service to the club. Hargan had a brief spell at Crusaders before retiring at the end of the 2009 season. 
Hargan is renowned for scoring the winning goal against two-time UEFA Cup winners IFK Gothenburg in the 2006 UEFA Cup, securing a famous 1-0 underdog win for Derry City in Sweden. This goal helped spark a memorable European campaign for the Candystripes, and was instrumental in securing an eventual group stage play-off tie against French giants Paris Saint-Germain. 
To this day, it remains the clubs most famous goal, and iconic moments in European competition.
Derry City.
As a youngster, Sean played for Top of the Hill Celtic in the Derry and District League. As he developed, he broke into the Derry City team in the position of striker and scored a hat trick on his debut against Galway United. Hargan later converted to left back, where he offered unwavering commitment to the side, endearing him to the City supporters. Hargan has scored more than 50 competitive goals for the Candystripes, including the decisive header away to IFK Gothenburg in the 2006 UEFA Cup qualifying round. Also during the 2006 league season, Derry City escaped punishment for fielding a banned Hargan due to the league failing informing Derry City in the correct timeframe. By the end of that season, Hargan had made a total of 393 appearances for the club - that makes him the club's third highest appearer ever. 
Hargan was described as a loyal servant for the club and is renowned for the goal he scored in the UEFA Cup tie (now Europa League) against Swedish giants IFK Gothenburg, which saw Derry City to a 1–0 victory on the night. To this day, it remains the clubs most famous goal. 
After Derry's City's European experience which included memorable ties with Gretna and PSG, Shelbourne were reported to have shown interest in the left back, but Hargan pledged his loyalty and stayed with the Candystripes until the end of the 2008 season.
With the signing of Dave Rogers at the beginning of the 2007 season, Hargan's first-team place came under stiff competition. Nevertheless, due to his senior status in the team he was handed the role of vice-captain to Peter Hutton by Pat Fenlon for the season and Hargan seen off the completion of Rogers until he sustained an injury that would keep him out for the rest of the season.
Hargan signed for a Crusaders at the end of that season after departing the Brandywell club after 14 years at the club.
Crusaders.
At the end of December 2008, Irish League side Crusaders signed Hargan on an 18-month deal. Dungannon Swifts and Coleraine were also believed to be interested in the veteran full-back, but Hargan signed for the Crues and spent just under a year as his career was cut short due to injury. Hargan retired from professional football at the end of the 2009 season at the age of 37. 
Post-Retirement.
Hargan joined former Derry City teammate Peter Hutton in Harry Gregg's testimonial match on 15 May 2012, at Windsor Park in Belfast. The match, which saw an Irish League XI take on a full-strength Manchester United side, celebrated the illustrious career of legendary goalkeeper Harry Gregg. Hargan played alongside a number of notable players, with Manchester United emerging victorious, winning 4-1 with goals from Wayne Rooney, Danny Welbeck, and others.
Hargan was appointed Assistant Coach at Derry City following the appointment of Peter Hutton as manager in 2014.
Honours.
Derry City

</doc>
<doc id="6913465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913465" title="Alexander Durley Sports Complex">
Alexander Durley Sports Complex

Alexander Durley Sports Complex is a 5,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in Houston, Texas. It was home to the Texas Southern Tigers football team through the 2011 season. The facility is named after former Tiger head coach, Alexander Durley.
In 2012, the Tigers moved into the new PNC Stadium, a soccer-specific stadium that is also home to the Houston Dynamo of Major League Soccer.
The Alexander Durley Sports Complex is currently home to the Texas Southern University soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="6913469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913469" title="Indo-Lankan accord">
Indo-Lankan accord



</doc>
<doc id="6913472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913472" title="Paul Waley">
Paul Waley

Paul Waley, a great-nephew of the scholar and translator Arthur Waley, is senior lecturer in human geography at the University of Leeds, and the author of books an articles on Tokyo and other topics in urban studies, Chinese urban geography, the history of Japan and related fields.
Waley started his career as a news reporter in Taiwan. In 1977 he moved to Japan, and became a reporter and columnist at "The Japan Times". During this time in Japan he published his two books about Tokyo, a city for which his affection is very apparent. He later returned to the United Kingdom, completed his PhD and then assumed a position at the University of Leeds in 1992.
Subsequently, his research expanded from a focus on Japan to take into account the contemporary urban geography of China, Serbia, Indonesia, and West Yorkshire where he remained a resident.
Paul Waley retired from teaching in 2018 but retains emeritus status at the University of Leeds School of Geography.

</doc>
<doc id="6913475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913475" title="DPLF">
DPLF



</doc>
<doc id="6913479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913479" title="Toora railway station">
Toora railway station

Toora was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened in the 1890s and operated until the line was closed in 1991, at the same time the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait was closed. The line was dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="6913480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913480" title="O.E. Rolvaag">
O.E. Rolvaag



</doc>
<doc id="6913486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913486" title="Chen Jianghua">
Chen Jianghua

Chen Jianghua (; born March 12, 1989, in Panyu, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China) is a Chinese former professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Guangdong Southern Tigers (China).
Basketball career.
Early years.
Chen first came to the U.S. in February 2002, with 3 teammates from Weilun Sports School in Guangdong, after winning the 3-on-3 Nike China Streetball Championship in Shanghai a year before. Wang Zhizhi, who watched the 4-membered team play in Dallas, remarked to CCTV reporters about a kid who could dunk with ease at, "such a young age".
After that, Chen spent six months at a U.S. Basketball Academy in Eugene, Oregon, with fellow Chinese prospect Tang Zhengdong. In an article by the Oregonian, former Oregon Ducks point guard Luke Ridnour, was reportedly impressed by Chen's quickness.
Chen first became well known in 2003, when a "New York Times" front page article was written about him. That article was then followed by a "Boston Globe" article, and an article on ESPN Magazine.
Chen played in the 2005 Reebok ABCD Camp, where fellow camper Will Harris said that he was "the best unknown prospect in the world".
Chinese national team.
Chen was picked to play on the senior men's Chinese national basketball team at the 2006 FIBA World Championship, despite being only 17 years old. He averaged 3.5 points and 1 assist a game, in 10.3 minutes a game. However, both Dwyane Wade and Mike Krzyzewski commented positively on his play.
Chen was also selected to be on the Chinese national team for the 2008 Summer Olympics, at the age of just 19. He played for China again at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="6913488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913488" title="Daf 66">
Daf 66



</doc>
<doc id="6913490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913490" title="Šerbo Rastoder">
Šerbo Rastoder

Prof. Šerbo Rastoder, PhD (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Шербо Растодер; born 13 August 1956 in Radmanci, Berane, People's Republic of Montenegro, then a part of the SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin historian of Bosniak ethnicity. He is also an author, writing about the history of Montenegro and about a few specific parts in Montenegro's history. He is a member of the Doclean Academy of Sciences and Arts, Bosniak Academy of Sciences and Arts and Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts. In 2017, he signed the Declaration on the Common Language of the Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks and Montenegrins.
Šerbo Rastoder is the long-term President of the National Council of Montenegro.
Biography.
Šerbo Rastoder was born in Radmance, a region in northern Montenegro encompassing parts of the municipalities of Berane and Bijelo Polje to a Bosniak family. He completed elementary and high school in Bar. He graduated at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy in 1981. He competed master (1987) and doctoral (1993) studies at the same institution. He currently works as a professor, teaching in the University of Montenegro, Faculty of Philosophy in Nikšić. He is also a Director and Editor-in-Chief of the Podgorica-based Almanah association. His cousin Rifat Rastoder is a former Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Montenegro and vice-President of the Social Democratic Party of Montenegro (SDP).

</doc>
<doc id="6913491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913491" title="Chen jianghua">
Chen jianghua



</doc>
<doc id="6913492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913492" title="Slottsskogsvallen">
Slottsskogsvallen

Slottsskogsvallen (, "The Castle Forest Field") is a multi-use stadium in Gothenburg, Sweden. It is currently used mostly for football and athletics. It was the home ground of Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC until 2006. The stadium has a capacity of 8,480, and was built in 1923. It is considered one of the most beautiful arenas in Sweden. It hosted the second Women's World Games in 1926. The Swedish athlete Gunder Hägg started his record-breaking streak at Slotsskogsvallen in 1942. The annual half marathon race, Göteborgsvarvet, the world's largest half marathon race, finishes in the arena. The annual Göteborg Marathon starts and finishes in the arena.

</doc>
<doc id="6913494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913494" title="Gandhian Movement">
Gandhian Movement



</doc>
<doc id="6913499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913499" title="Roquebrune-sur-Argens">
Roquebrune-sur-Argens

Roquebrune-sur-Argens (; ) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, Southeastern France.
It lies between the cities of Draguignan to the northwest and Fréjus to the east. The commune consists of the town of Roquebrune-sur-Argens, as well as two smaller villages: La Bouverie north of town and Les Issambres to the south, on the Mediterranean coast. The commune is home to the French National Water Ski Training Site on the Lac du Vaudois, north of Les Issambres.
History.
The recorded history of the oldest part of the town of Roquebrune-sur-Argens began around 983. Signs of human settlements, from the local "Bouverian culture", dating from Prehistory, were found in caves near La Bouverie.

</doc>
<doc id="6913504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913504" title="Hendre-Ddu Tramway">
Hendre-Ddu Tramway

The Hendre-Ddu Tramway was a narrow-gauge industrial railway built in 1874 in Mid-Wales to connect the Hendre-Ddu slate quarry to Aberangell station on the Mawddwy Railway. It consisted of a main line long and several branch lines and spurs serving other quarries, local farms and the timber industry.
History.
Construction.
The Hendreddu slate quarry opened in August 1868, on the north slope of Mynydd Hendre-ddu. The Hendre Ddu Slate and Slab Co. was established by Sir Edmund Buckley. The Company specialised in slate slabs for billiard table beds.
Buckley opened the standard-gauge Mawddwy Railway in 1867, connecting the Cambrian Railways mainline at Cemmaes Road to Dinas Mawddwy, passing through the village of Aberangell. Buckley's original intention was to build a standard-gauge branch from Aberangell to Hendre Ddu Quarry, but access to the required land immediately to the west of Aberangell was blocked by landowner James Walton. To avoid Walton's land, the branch had to be routed along the roads of Clipiau, which were too steep and narrow to allow a standard-gauge railway. Instead the quarry's internal gauge of 1 ft 11 in was adopted for the tramway. The tramway opened in 1874.
Takeover.
In 1876, Buckley was declared bankrupt with debts of more than £500,000 (). The quarry and tramway were sold at auction to Dennis Bradwell the mayor of Congleton and his brother Jacob.
Quarry branches.
A Broad Vein quarry had operated at Maesygamfa, about 2 miles north of the tramway, in the 1860s, but on a very small scale. In 1868, Frederick Walton, the son of James, moved into the Cwmllecoediog estate. Frederick was the inventor of Linoleum and had made a substantial fortune. In 1886, Walton partnered with local quarry manager Edward Hurst Davies to lease and develop Maesygamfa Quarry. They needed a transport link to get their produce to market and negotiated running rights over the Hendre Ddu Tramway with the Bradwells. This allowed them to build a tramway from their quarry to the Hendre Ddu Tramway, in exchange for re-routing the Aberangell end of the Tramway over Walton's land.
In 1881, the Narrow Vein Gartheiniog quarry was opened as a commercial operation. It was situated close to the tramway's midpoint. By 1886, a long adit had been driven to access high quality slate underground. In October 1887, the quarry was connected to the Hendre-Ddu Tramway as part of the agreement between Walton, Davies and the Bradwells.
A final quarry at Talymeirin was connected via the Maesygamfa tramway. This was worked briefly in the 1860s, but wasn't a commercial operation until it was taken over by Inigo Jones in 1913. An incline was laid down to the Maesygamfa tramway.
1880-1914.
The slate produced by the quarries produced slabs rather than roofing slates. These were used for a variety of products, including billiard tables, floors, channels, window sills and grave markers. The slabs carried on special trestle wagons similar to those on the nearby Corris Railway. Quarry workers rode in open cars called the "car gwyllt" which were occasionally also used for tourist excursions.
At the end of 1900, the workers of the Penrhyn Slate Quarry went on strike. Penrhyn had produced more than 20% of all slate quarried in Wales, and the quarries of the valley experienced a brief boom. When the strike ended in 1903, Penrhyn resumed production and many smaller quarries in Mid Wales shut down. Maesygamfa Quarry stopped working in 1908, though it reopened briefly in 1909. Jacob Bradwell died in June 1908, and Davies purchased the Hendre Ddu quarry and tramway from him, though the quarry didn't reopen until 1911. The First World War significantly reduced demand for slate. Gartheiniog Quarry closed in 1916 and Hendre Ddu in early 1918.
Timber extraction.
During the First World War demand for timber grown in Britain rose rapidly as German raids significantly reduced imported supplies. The woods near the tramway were suitable for the production of pit props. Colliery owner Henry Sharrock Higginbottom, son of Samuel Higginbottom, purchased the felling rights for much of the valley. He used a large number of temporary sawmills to produce pit props and laid tramways to connect them to the Hendre Ddu Tramway. The longest timber tramways were laid along Cwm Llecoediog and Cwm Caws. These supplied Higginbottom's coal mines throughout the war.
Between the wars.
After the end of the First World War, rebuilding efforts created an increased demand for slate. Hendreddu and Gartheinog quarries were reopened in 1920 by the National Welsh Slate Quarries Co. and the Standard Housing Company, respectively. Both companies were founded by English entrepreneurs, and although they were promoted as independent companies, they were actually controlled by serial fraudster Roland Morgan, with his partner William Clayton Russon, father of Clayton Russon. The companies failed in 1921 and 1922, with shareholders taking significant losses. Russon was declared bankrupt, and Morgan was convicted of fraud.
Despite the failure, both quarries had been re-equipped and were soon restarted. Hendreddu was purchased by Major Charles Bill son of Charles Bill and William Bowley. Gartheiniog was owned by Russon, who leased it to a series of owners during the 1920s and 1930s. Both quarries were productive during the 1920s and used the Hendre Ddu Tramway to move their products to Aberangell. The Great Depression reduced demand for slate in the 1930s. Gartheiniog quarry closed in 1937. Hendreddu was purchased by T. Glyn William in 1937. He ran the quarry and tramway with a very low budget, and trains stopped running in 1938, replaced by road lorries.
After closure.
During 1940 the Cwm Caws branch was re-laid using Jubilee track for further timber extraction. This line was not lifted until October 1954 although the Hendre Ddu Tramway itself was converted into a road in 1941 for the safer conveyance of munitions which were stored in the Hendre Ddu Quarries during the war and for some years afterwards.
A number of wagons from the Gartheiniog quarry were sold for use on the Meirion Mill Railway at Dinas Mawddwy in 1975. The railway closed in 1977, but several of the wagons remain at Meirion Mill in 2016.
Operations.
From 1874 until 1921, the railway operated using horse and gravity power. Loaded wagons descended by gravity and uphill trains were hauled by horses or pushed by people. The National Welsh Slate Quarries Co. introduced locomotives to the line. An unknown number of wagons were fitted with petrol engines in the 1920s to provide the quarrymen with powered uphill travel.

</doc>
<doc id="6913507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913507" title="East Rockland Key, Florida">
East Rockland Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913512" title="Harry I. Willet, Jr. Hall">
Harry I. Willet, Jr. Hall



</doc>
<doc id="6913516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913516" title="Geiger Key, Florida">
Geiger Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913518" title="Estelle and Zoom Fleisher Athletic Center">
Estelle and Zoom Fleisher Athletic Center



</doc>
<doc id="6913519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913519" title="Rogues Gallery">
Rogues Gallery

Rogues Gallery is the twelfth studio album by the British rock group Slade. It was released by RCA on 11 March 1985 and reached number 60 in the UK charts. The album was largely produced by John Punter, with bassist Jim Lea producing "Harmony", "I Win, You Lose" and "Time to Rock". For this release, the band set out to create an album of radio-friendly, potential hit singles which would be released as singles somewhere across the world.
The US version of the album, which was released on the CBS label, replaced "All Join Hands" with the band's 1981 UK hit "Lock Up Your Daughters" (which had originally appeared on the band's album "Till Deaf Do Us Part").
Background.
After the band's 1984 breakthrough in America with the Top 40 singles "Run Runaway" and "My Oh My", the band were to go on tour that year with Ozzy Osbourne for six weeks. Prior to the tour, the band played a few warm-up shows. However, on the first night of the tour with Osbourne, Slade had to cancel the remainder of the shows when Lea collapsed after the first gig and was diagnosed with hepatitis. Coinciding with the breakdown of lead vocalist Noddy Holder's marriage, the band agreed to stop touring to allow Holder a break. Meanwhile, the band would continue to record.
Still contracted to RCA, the band set out to record their 12th studio album later in 1984. After the success of "Run Runaway" and "My Oh My", producer John Punter was hired to produce most of the album. The lead single "All Join Hands" was released in November 1984 and reached No. 15 in the UK. However, the following single, "7 Year Bitch", released in January 1985, stalled at No. 60 after the song's title caused it to be met with resistance on radio. The third single "Myzsterious Mizster Jones" was released in March and peaked at No. 50. The same month saw the release of "Rogues Gallery", which peaked at No. 60 in the UK and No. 132 in the US. In America and certain European territories, "Little Sheila" was released as a single in April. It reached No. 86 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and No. 13 on the Mainstream Rock Chart. The album was a bigger success in a number of European territories.
Speaking to "Kerrang!" shortly before the album's release, Lea said: "I think this record has a more rounded quality than anything we've done before. For a start, we've actually gone in and demoed the new material before recording properly. The album is still heavy, lots of guitars, five and six-minute numbers, but everything sounds much more tuneful, meaning there are lots of potential singles on it. There are no long solos but there are some great guitar parts, hot and fast breaks."
Reflecting on the album to "Kerrang!" in late 1985, Noddy Holder stated, "I'm proud of the songs although I'd admit that the production wasn't all it might have been." He also recalled of the album's recording process in a 1990 fan club interview, "It became a bit of a saga, it took a lot of time and eventually turned out to be a great album although I feel there was something missing - something that is the Slade trademark was missing." Guitarist Dave Hill recalled his mixed feelings about the album in a 1986 interview for the Slade fan club, "I personally think it lacked something. I mean it was a good sounding LP, but maybe it had a bit too much quality. I think it lacked a certain amount of soul, or maybe guts. I think that maybe too many of the songs on "Rogues Gallery" sounded like pop hits, so the album began to lean too much to being regarded as a sort of 'poppy' album, and there is nothing worse than that for me."
Recording.
The album was recorded at Angel Recording Studios, Portland Studios, RAK Studios and Utopia Studios. It was mixed at Air Studios and The Workhouse. Before the album's release, the album's working title was "Partners in Crime" and the original sleeve design was conceived with this title.
Promotion.
During autumn 1984 and spring 1985, a full European tour was announced and tickets were put on sale. However, the band had not actually confirmed that they would tour, nor had any contracts been signed. Owing to Holder's existing stance on touring, the tour was soon cancelled. Had the 1985 leg of the tour taken place, Lea was considering adding a keyboard player to Slade's stage show.
Noddy Holder spoke about the tour in a 1986 fan club interview: "Although it was virtually me that cancelled it for the personal reasons - that tour was never confirmed. The agent and promoter started promoting it and selling the tickets, and we hadn't even confirmed that we were going to do the tour. The tickets had already been on sale for two months and nobody bothered to tell us!"
Critical reception.
Upon its release, Garry Johnson of "Sounds" noted that "Rogues Gallery" is "chock-a-block with high quality power pop, glorious hooks, instant singalongs, ultra-catchy terrace-style chants and anthemic, hymn-like ballads". He added, "No matter how corny Slade become, they just never seem to lose that all-purpose pop knack for goodtime r 'n' r. Personally, I can give them no higher compliment than this: they are the band that young rock bands should model themselves on, instead of the likes of Judas Priest or US FM." Robin Smith of "Record Mirror" praised it as "another glorious celebration from Britain's answer to ZZ Top" and "unbridled mayhem of the best kind", with Holder's voice "still one of the most powerful weapons known to man". He also noted that Slade "have been plundering other people again in the nicest possible way and this time you might just find a few touches of Foreigner here and there". Dave Dickson of "Kerrang!" summarised, "What we're presented with here is ten songs that are each hung around totally brilliant choruses; you just can't help but want to singalong [with] Noddy every time he wraps his sandpaper vocals around one. Over the years that this particular 'rogues gallery' have been cranking it out, they've honed their art to perfection. This band has always been about hooks and here they're dripping aplenty!" "Music Week" wrote, "These old rogues display with this album their now 20-year-old commitment to persuading people to sing, dance and shout. "Rogues Gallery", flirting on the edges of heavy metal, should achieve its desired effect nicely." Tom Hibbert of "Smash Hits" noted the band's "petty musical thievery" across the album, but added, "Never mind, though; those stupid spellings, crunching guitars, boozy lyrics and footer terrace growls are still intact and so Slade continue to preserve the status quo."
In the US, reviews were positive overall. "Billboard" recommended the album and commented: "Modern, muscular and metallic, Slade can hold their own on the present hard rock scene." "Deseret News" stated: "Slade is the epitome of a rock band: catchy melodies, infectious rhythms and the most enjoyable lyrical pacing in contemporary music. "Rogues Gallery" is one of the finest examples of rabble-rousing rock 'n' roll to come along in years... [and] a guaranteed winner." "Record-Journal" concluded: "The main problem with the album is getting past the first song. If you hang in, however, what follows on "Rogues Gallery" is some of the most enthusiastic hard rock in recent years, and some of the least annoying." "The Press-Courier" wrote: "Veteran quartet is long of toothe but still capable of blowing out amplifiers and speakers."
The Canadian "Leader-Post" felt that "Rogues Gallery" was a "neater effort" than the preceding "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply", and concluded: "They may be long in the tooth, but they haven't lost their bite." Rich Harry of "The Morning Call" said: "Slade let non-of that I'm-old-there-fore-I-hurt guff gem up their fine new LP. Resembling Geritol on plastic, the album is a fine pop primer for enjoying life while approaching the gloomy pit stop of middle age." Mark Peel of "Stereo Review" commented, ""Rogues Gallery" is the musical equivalent of pub grub – a healthy wallop of bangers and mash washed down with a half-dozen pints of bitter. The songs slosh merrily around, their horsy rhythms and singsong lyrics spilling frothily forth in invitation to sing along. The more the merrier." He also noted the band were "derivative", with the album showing signs of the band having "plundered most of BMI and started in on ASCAP", but felt "familiarity is essential to bar-room anthems".
AllMusic retrospectively reviewed the album, which summarised: "Unfortunately for everyone, the decision was made to lay on a whole pile of keyboards this time out; the end result was an album that was far less endearing than "Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply". The rogues' gallery concept probably would have been a lot more convincing if the music had been stripped of the keyboards and overly slick production and given more of a rock &amp; roll edge."

</doc>
<doc id="6913522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913522" title="Shark Key, Florida">
Shark Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913523" title="Castelbello">
Castelbello



</doc>
<doc id="6913524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913524" title="Kastelbell">
Kastelbell



</doc>
<doc id="6913525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913525" title="Brewster Ghiselin">
Brewster Ghiselin

Brewster Ghiselin (June 13, 1903 – June 11, 2002) was an American poet and academic.
Ghiselin was born in Webster Groves, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis. The family home is at 29 Jefferson Road, now designated as a historic landmark. At the age of sixteen, he moved to California, where he lived until 1934. He lived just north of San Francisco, graduating from Tamalpais High School in 1922.
After high school, He enrolled at University of California, Berkeley. While there, he would commute two hours by train and ferry. Ghiselin said about commuting "I learned the look and feel of dawn and night on the Bay water." Ghiselin thought he wanted to be a painter, but was unhappy with his art teachers, dropping out the middle of his freshman year. He went to work for the "San Anselmo Herald" and the "San Francisco Bulletin". Looking for something more than the "stream of daily news", he enrolled at UCLA, again taking up Art. He said, ... "Art [which] taught me a lot about writing."
Achieving an M.A. in English, he went on to Oxford University, for further study. While at Oxford, he sought out D. H. Lawrence, finding him at the hotel Beau Rivage, in France. After his meeting with Lawrence, he wrote a great deal of poetry that remained unpublished for six or seven years.
Then in 1929 he became a member of the English faculty at the University of Utah, where he taught English. Finding the intellectual climate in Utah rather "chilling", he secured a job at Berkeley, where he and his wife Olive lived.
In 1933 during the depression, he was out of a job. His mother had died in Laguna Beach, facilitating a move to her home. Together with scholar, Alfred Young Fisher, husband of M. F. K. Fisher, they organized the "Emergency Education Program" earning $27.00 a month teaching night classes at the local High School.
He was lured back to the University of Utah where he began teaching a course, in 1941, called "The Creative Process". This was the beginning of the making of the Utah Writer's Conference. He was responsible for creating the Utah Writer's Conference in 1947, where he remained its director until 1966.
He published "Against the Circle" in 1946. The poem "Rattlesnake" from this book of poems is mentioned in Richard Hugo's "Triggering Town", a book of lectures and essays on the writing of poetry. In 1970, he published the book "Country of the Minotaur", a compilation of many of his poems.
In 1952, Ghiselin edited "The Creative Process", a symposium of the writings of some thirty-eight men and women, including Katherine Anne Porter, Albert Einstein, Vincent van Gogh, D. H. Lawrence, etc., on the creative process.

</doc>
<doc id="6913528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913528" title="Ciardes">
Ciardes



</doc>
<doc id="6913531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913531" title="Weed-whacking">
Weed-whacking



</doc>
<doc id="6913532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913532" title="Saddlebunch Keys, Florida">
Saddlebunch Keys, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913533" title="Tschars">
Tschars



</doc>
<doc id="6913540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913540" title="Lower Sugarloaf Key, Florida">
Lower Sugarloaf Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913541" title="Zoltán Pál Dienes">
Zoltán Pál Dienes

Zoltán Pál Dienes (; September 11, 1916 – January 11, 2014), anglicized as Zoltan Paul Dienes, was a Hungarian mathematician whose ideas on education (especially of small children) have been popular in some countries.
He was a world-famous theorist and tireless practitioner of the "new mathematics": an approach to mathematics learning that uses games, songs, and dance to make it more appealing to children. He is credited with the creation of base ten blocks, popularly referred to as "Dienes blocks".
Dienes's life and ideas are described in his autobiography, "Memoirs of a Maverick Mathematician" (), and his book of mathematical games, "I Will Tell You Algebra Stories You've Never Heard Before" (). He has also published a book of poetry, "Calls from the Past" ().
His later life contributions have been chronicled by Bharath Sriraman in the second monograph of "The Montana Mathematics Enthusiast".

</doc>
<doc id="6913548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913548" title="Yılmaz Erdoğan">
Yılmaz Erdoğan

Yılmaz Erdoğan (born 4 November 1967) is a Turkish filmmaker, actor and poet who is most famous for his box-office record-breaking debut comedy film "Vizontele" (2001) and the television series "Bir Demet Tiyatro" (1995–2002/2006–2007). He founded BKM Theatre and Film Production. He was awarded the Best Supporting Actor at 4th Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Awards for his performance in "The Water Diviner" (2014).
Early life.
Yilmaz Erdoğan spent his childhood in Ankara until he moved to Istanbul along with his family. His family is of Kurdish origin. In 1987, he dropped out of his civil engineering studies at Istanbul Technical University.
His brothers are Mustafa Erdoğan, who founded Fire of Anatolia, and Deniz Erdoğan, who has composed music for some of his company's productions. His cousin is actor . His former wife is the actress and costume designer Belçim Bilgin, a descendant from the family of Sheikh Said, the leader of the Sheikh Said Rebellion and his daughter Berfin Erdoğan appeared in "Organize İşler".
Career.
He joined the managed by veteran actor Ferhan Şensoy. In 1988, he founded his own theatre company, Güldüşündürü, and staged a successful production of his self-penned "Kanuni Sultan Süleyman ve Rambo."
He also became chief screenwriter at Levent Kırca and his wife Oya Başar long-running television sketch show, "".
In 1994, he founded Beşiktaş Cultural Center () with business partner Necati Akpınar. He achieved recognition as "Mükremin Abi" alongside actress Demet Akbağ in the ground breaking television series with audience "" (1995–2002) on Star TV.
He also continued his theatrical success with a series of plays and musicals, including his one-man show, "Cebimdeki Kelimeler", and recorded a poetry album called, "Kayıp Kentin Yakışıklısı", which includes seventeen poems accompanied by traditional Turkish music composed by Metin Kalender, Nizamettin Ariç and Ali Aykaç.
Also, He founded professial sketch crew in BKM Theatre for TV. The sketch series directed by iconic comedian Kemal Sunal's son Ali Sunal. The child sketch series "Güldüy Güldüy" directed by Kemal Sunal's daughter Ezo Sunal. Yılmaz Erdoğan directed sketch "Çok Güzel Hareketler Bunlar" for both screenwriter and actor.
He achieved his greatest success with the box-office record breaking comedy films "Vizontele" (2001) and "Vizontele Tuuba" (2004), which he wrote, directed and starred in. This was followed by a sequel "Organize İşler" (2005), which he also produced, and "Organize İşler: Sazan Sarmalı" (2019). In "Vizontele" and "Organize İşler", He worked as actors with comedians Cem Yılmaz, Tolga Çevik, Ata Demirer who wrote own films .
A second run for his popular television series "Bir Demet Tiyatro" (2006–2007) followed on ATV, and the Christmas comedy film "Neşeli Hayat" (2009). He has also produced the successful comedy films "Eyyvah Eyvah" (2010) and "Çok Filim Hareketler Bunlar" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="6913554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913554" title="The Set Up (song)">
The Set Up (song)

"The Set Up (You Don't Know)" is a song performed by American rapper Obie Trice, featuring vocals from singer Nate Dogg, released as the third and final single from Trice's debut studio album, "Cheers". The track was produced by Dr. Dre.
Background.
An official remix of "The Set Up (You Don't Know)" was released as a B-side to the official CD single. The track features, as well as Nate Dogg, appearances from Lloyd Banks, Jadakiss and Redman. The remix was labeled the "Dr. Dre Remix" and was entirely produced by Dre. Jadakiss would later feud with Banks and his group G-Unit after 50 Cent released the song "Piggy Bank", which attacked Jadakiss and Fat Joe for collaborating with 50's rival Ja Rule.
Music video.
The video for "The Set Up (You Don't Know)" features Trice being put 'under the spell' of a lady, who encourages him to steal a lot of money. Little does he realize, it's a setup, and he gets shot in order for her to get away the money. But as Karma would have it, she gets shot and the money gets stolen from her. The video ends with Obie getting up, being thankful for wearing a bulletproof vest. Other than Obie Trice and Nate Dogg, the video features Mýa acting as the charming lady, as well as brief cameo appearances by D12 and Warren G at the very beginning.

</doc>
<doc id="6913556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913556" title="Monsters and Robots">
Monsters and Robots

Monsters and Robots is Buckethead's fifth studio album, released April 20, 1999, by Higher Octave records. A large part of the album was co-written with Les Claypool, who also plays bass on several tracks and lends his vocals to the track "The Ballad of Buckethead".
Buckethead promoted the album by opening for Primus in October and November 1999. "Monsters and Robots" is listed in the German National Library's catalog and is Buckethead's best selling solo album to date.
The Ballad of Buckethead.
"The Ballad of Buckethead" was chosen to promote "Monsters and Robots". It is one of the few Buckethead songs to prominently feature vocals, which are performed by Primus' Les Claypool. Drums were performed by long-time Buckethead friend (and then Primus drummer) Brain.
The song is split into three verses, with the chorus following the first and third verse. The song, as its title suggests, tells the (fictional) story of Buckethead's life, particularly his upbringing. According to Buckethead's official biography, he was raised in a chicken coop by chickens, and the lyrics to the narrative continue this theme:
A video clip using 3D models and reassembling themes from the lyrics was made by English artist Dave McKean, and gained airplay on several music related television stations.
The song was included to Primus' live set in October and November 1999, when Buckethead made stage cameos.
"The Ballad of Buckethead" features samples from the 1996 movie "Sling Blade".
The music video was nominated for the "Best New Artist - Modern Rock" on Billboard's Music Video Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6913558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913558" title="Denesh">
Denesh



</doc>
<doc id="6913563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913563" title="Park Key, Florida">
Park Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913570" title="Agnes railway station">
Agnes railway station

Agnes (originally Agnes River) was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
The station was opened in 1892 and operated as Agnes River until 1 January 1906, when it was renamed to simply Agnes. It was then renamed Barry Beach Junction, after the opening of the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait, before closing in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="6913573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913573" title="PRB-111 mine">
PRB-111 mine

The PRB-111 is a square Belgian minimum metal anti-tank blast mine that consists of a block of explosive which may or may not be coated in asphalt. A central cavity on the top surface is covered by a plastic pressure plate, underneath which is a small well for a pressure fuze. The fuze used with the mine is the M5 pressure fuze, as used in the PRB M35 anti-personnel mine. A secondary fuze well is provided in the center of the base of the mine for fitting anti-handling devices.

</doc>
<doc id="6913579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913579" title="Utopian Fruitlands">
Utopian Fruitlands



</doc>
<doc id="6913581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913581" title="Clive Delaney">
Clive Delaney

Clive Delaney (born 2 January 1980) is an Irish former footballer.
Career.
Clive started his career on a scholarship at University College Dublin AFC in 1997 within the club's reserve team, transitioning to the League of Ireland halfway through the season. He played five seasons at UCD and played in the UEFA Intertoto Cup against Bulgarian side Levski Sofia.
Clive was selected for the U18 Irish squad in 1998 and represented Ireland in the UEFA U-19 Championship in Sweden in 1999, where he scored the winning goal as Ireland defeated Greece to win the bronze medal. Clive represented his country at U18, U19 and U21 levels.
In 2002, Clive signed for West Ham United where he became a regular in the Reserve side under Roger Cross, however, was released when the club were relegated to the EFL Championship. He had successful trials at Queens Park Rangers and Mick McCarthy's Sunderland in pre-season 2003/2004, however he chose to return to Ireland to finish his Chartered Accounting qualification and play semi-professional football with St Patrick's Athletic in Dublin.
Clive had two spells at Derry City FC, the first between 2004 and 2006. that included a successful stint in the UEFA European Championships against Gretna, IFK Göteborg and Paris Saint-Germain FC, then again in February 2008, after the successful negotiation of a transfer fee with Bray Wanderers FC, where he captained the side in the 2007/08 season. He played in the 2003 FAI Cup Final, scored in the 2006 Final to take the game to extra time, and captained the Derry City side in 2008 to FAI League Cup success.
Clive emigrated to Australia in 2010 playing in the NSW NPL League for three years before joining amateur club Dunbar Rovers FC, then retiring in 2017 when the club were promoted to the NSW NPL league.
His uncle Leo O'Reilly won League of Ireland championships with Shamrock Rovers and Dundalk in the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="6913584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913584" title="Reuel Denney">
Reuel Denney

Reuel Denney (April 13, 1913 in New York City – May 1, 1995 in Honolulu) was an American poet and academic.
Life.
Denney grew up in Buffalo, New York. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1932. He taught at the University of Chicago. He was professor emeritus, at University of Hawaii, retiring in 1977.
His papers are at the Rauner Special Collections Library at Dartmouth College.

</doc>
<doc id="6913585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913585" title="W.">
W.

W. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6913589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913589" title="Ramrod Key, Florida">
Ramrod Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913595" title="Queens Theatre, Barnstaple">
Queens Theatre, Barnstaple



</doc>
<doc id="6913596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913596" title="Big Torch Key, Florida">
Big Torch Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913600" title="Constrictores pharyngis medius">
Constrictores pharyngis medius



</doc>
<doc id="6913605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913605" title="Middle Torch Key, Florida">
Middle Torch Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913612" title="Torch Keys (Florida)">
Torch Keys (Florida)

The Torch Keys are three islands in the lower Florida Keys, consisting of Little Torch Key, Middle Torch Key, and Big Torch Key. Little Torch Key is the most populated of the three. The islands were named for their forests of Sea Torchwood ("Amyris elemifera"), which are effective as kindling even when green. The Torch Keys are located just west of Big Pine Key, or about east of Key West.

</doc>
<doc id="6913618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913618" title="The W Channel">
The W Channel



</doc>
<doc id="6913623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913623" title="Little Torch Key, Florida">
Little Torch Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913627" title="Mandy Lee">
Mandy Lee

Mandy Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6913629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913629" title="Mandy Cho Man Li">
Mandy Cho Man Li



</doc>
<doc id="6913631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913631" title="County Route 100 (Dutchess County, New York)">
County Route 100 (Dutchess County, New York)



</doc>
<doc id="6913633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913633" title="No Name Key, Florida">
No Name Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913634" title="Cardoen AT mine">
Cardoen AT mine

The Cardoen AT mine is a circular steel cased Chilean anti-tank blast mine that was produced by Industrias Cardoen SA. The mine is conventional in design with a central pressure plate held between three flexible tabs, underneath the pressure plate is a simple mechanical detonator. The mine has a secondary fuze well for the fitting of anti-handling devices. The mine was in service with the Chilean armed services, but is now obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="6913636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913636" title="Kaoru Maruyama">
Kaoru Maruyama

Kaoru Maruyama was a Japanese poet. His collected works were translated by Robert Epp. He was the professor first in Tokyo and later at Aichi University. "Ten Years, Fairy Country", and "Heart of flowers" are his best-known books. He is sometimes called "the poet of the sea". 
"Four Seasons".
He was an editor of "Four Seasons Literary Magazine" and a member of the "Shiki" or Four Seasons group. "Four Seasons" published 81 issues between 1934 and 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="6913637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913637" title="Ruaidhrí Higgins">
Ruaidhrí Higgins

Ruaidhrí Higgins (born 23 October 1984) is a Northern Irish professional football manager and former player. He is the manager of NIFL Premiership club Coleraine.
Playing career.
Higgins, who was born in Limavady, Northern Ireland, began his career at the youth club, Newtown Y.F.C. before being signed by Coventry City in 1998. Higgins signed for Derry City after being released by Coventry City. He made his debut at home against Drogheda United on 14 October 2004. During his time at the Brandywell he won five trophies and played in five European ties.
After Derry City's League of Ireland contract was terminated - after the club admitted holding secondary, unofficial contracts with players - the FAI announced all of the club's players could quit the club. Now a free agent, Higgins had a trial with Aberdeen on 30 November 2009 but manager Mark McGhee reneged on his contract.
Higgins signed for Bohemians in January 2010. After breaking into Pat Fenlon's starting XI, he scored his first league goal for the club on 3 May with the winner against Drogheda United. However, some poor performances saw him regularly start matches on the substitute's bench and he failed to make an impact as "Bohs" relinquished their league title on goal difference. During the close season of 2010, Higgins was linked with a move back to his former club Derry City.
Higgins re-signed for Derry City in January 2011. He was released by Derry City at the end of the 2013 season.
On 14 January 2014, Higgins completed a move to Dundalk which saw him re-united with former manager Stephen Kenny.
Higgins then moved to NIFL Premiership side Coleraine and upon leaving the club in 2017, made the decision to retire and take up a coaching role at Dundalk.
Coaching career.
In May 2020, Higgins left Dundalk to link up once again with Stephen Kenny, this time with the Republic of Ireland national team as an opposition analyst.
On 23 April 2021, Higgins was appointed Derry City manager on a -year contract.
On 13 November 2022, Higgins won his first trophy in management when he led Derry City to a record win in the 2022 FAI Cup Final. He followed this up by winning the 2023 President of Ireland's Cup for the first time in the club's history. On 15 November 2024, it was announced that Higgins had left the club by mutual consent after finishing in a disappointing 4th place in the league and losing the 2024 FAI Cup final 2–0 to 9th placed Drogheda United.
On 2 May 2025, he was appointed as manager NIFL Premiership club Coleraine.
Honours.
Player.
Derry City
Bohemians
Manager.
Derry City

</doc>
<doc id="6913640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913640" title="Live 12-5-87 (Aprite i vostri occhi)">
Live 12-5-87 (Aprite i vostri occhi)



</doc>
<doc id="6913641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913641" title="Arve River (Tasmania)">
Arve River (Tasmania)

The Arve River is a river in the southeast region of Tasmania, Australia.
The river rises below Devils Backbone in the Hartz Mountains and flows generally north towards the Arve Plains. It reaches its confluence with the Huon River west of Huonville. The river descends over its course.

</doc>
<doc id="6913642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913642" title="Mittelplate">
Mittelplate

Mittelplate is Germany's largest oil field, from the shore, in the environmentally important Schleswig-Holstein Wadden Sea National Parks tidal flats. The development of the field was done by a consortium of RWE Dea and Wintershall. By the 20th anniversary of the start of production, (about 146 million barrels) of crude had been produced from the field. Mittelplate field holds nearly 65% of Germany's crude oil reserves.
History.
The field was discovered in 1981 through the Mittelplate 1 well, which confirmed that the reservoir contained of crude oil. As early as the 1950s, geologists suspected the presence of oil off the German coast. Preliminary test drilling in the 1960s did indeed turn up indications of oil, though not in economically profitable quantities. The oil crisis of 1973 and 1979 raised awareness of indigenous oil sources. In 1980 and 1981, exploration wells in the Mittelplate vicinity found oil in several sandstone layers. Due to the location of the field in an ecologically sensitive area, hydrographic, hydrodynamic and meteorological studies modelling storm, wave and ice-flow conditions were done, with the result that an artificial island holding a drilling and production facility was built in 1985.
Geology.
The oil in the Mittelplate field is trapped in Dogger (Middle Jurassic) sandstones of uppermost Aalenian to lowermost Callovian in age. The five main sandstone reservoir units, known from oldest to youngest as the alpha-sand, beta-sand, gamma-sand, delta-sand and epsilon-sand, are separated by intervening sandy claystones, not of reservoir quality. The trap is formed on the flank of the Büsum salt dome, with the hydrocarbons sealed up-dip by the edge of the salt dome. The overall top seal is provided by Lower Cretaceous mudstones. The source rock for the oil found at Mittelplate is thought to be the underlying Lower Jurassic Liassic organic-rich claystone.
Technical features.
The island is protected by sheet piling measures at . The western section of the field includes 18 production wells. The first oil came onstream in 1987 and was delivered ashore on double hull barges. A new redevelopment plan included the construction of a land-based facility in Dieksand from which extended-reach production wells were to tap into the eastern part of the field. As per the development program, a pilot well and seven high-tech extended-reach wells measuring at , , , , , , and a section cutting through the Büsum salt diapir were to ensure a faster exploitation of the field. The redevelopment plan also included construction of pipelines from the island to Friedrichskoog-Spitze and a pipeline to the Dieksand Land Station. This was expected to enable the Mittelplate consortium to transport up to 1 million tonnes or of oil a year. Oil is pumped ashore and water extracted during processing is then routed back by the second pipeline for reinjection into the lower section of the reservoir. The modified island facility now contains living accommodation for up to 96 people.
Ownership.
The Mittelplate is operated and solely owned by Wintershall Dea. Out of a total capital spending of €670 million, €100 million was spent on construction of the pipeline transporting crude oil ashore and €50 million was spent on construction of a new T-150 drilling rig. 
Production.
Starting from October 1987, the field has been tapped in several sandstone layers at depths reaching . The size of the deposit was adjusted upward to over 100 million tons, of which 15 million tons were extracted by June 2005. The annual production of Mittelplate Island amounts to 900,000 tons of oil (about 18,100 barrels of oil per day). Under prevailing conditions, about 40 million tons are still economically extractable. Since 2000, nearly horizontal wells (some up to about long) have been extracting from the eastern part of the field directly from land on Dieksand / Friedrichskoog. The oil is piped from there to Brunsbüttel and onward to oil refineries in Hemmingstedt.
Safety and environmental protection.
The companies developing the field spent a substantial part of €670 million already invested over 20 years into industrial safety and environmental protection programs due to unique location of the field in Wattenmeer tidelands. Pipe-laying in the area and production in the field have been in accord with National Parks Law. However, Greenpeace along with World Wildlife Fund (WWF) have been active critics of the field development in Wattenmeer. The national park is home to nearly 4,000 species, 250 of which do not exist anywhere in the world but Wattenmeer. Up to 12 million migratory birds use the park—which is rich of mussels, worms, snails, and shrimp—as a resting place. Nearly 200,000 shelducks are believed to gather around the Elbe river estuary each summer.

</doc>
<doc id="6913644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913644" title="Zamora Canton">
Zamora Canton

Zamora is a canton in the Zamora-Chinchipe Province of Ecuador. It was named after Zamora city, the provincial capital and head of the canton of the same name.
History.
On October 11, 1911, the Zamora Canton was created in the great former Provincia de Oriente, later in 1921 it became part of the Santiago-Zamora Province and in 1953, it permanently became part of the actual province.
General information.
The canton is known for being one of the oldest and the largest canton in area of the province. It is surrounded by the remaining cantons, with exception of the Chinchipe, El Pangui and Paquisha cantons. To the west the canton borders with the Loja Province.
The Zamora Canton is the entrance from the Sierra Region towards the rest of the province by the Troncal Amazónica Highway, in a stretch of 62 kilometers from Loja city.
Political division.
The canton is divided in 7 parishes, to wit:

</doc>
<doc id="6913645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913645" title="Bishopric of Bressanone">
Bishopric of Bressanone



</doc>
<doc id="6913651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913651" title="Beach Beauty">
Beach Beauty



</doc>
<doc id="6913652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913652" title="Nannup Music Festival">
Nannup Music Festival

The Nannup Music Festival (formerly the Southwest Folk Festival) is an Australian live performance music festival held in the small timber town of Nannup. Nannup is located in the centre of Western Australia's South West, on the banks of the Blackwood River and the Festival is held annually over the Labour Day long weekend in March.
The thirtieth anniversary event was in 2020.
The Festival is a community event operated by a Committee and a team of volunteers from the not-for-profit Nannup Music Club.
Awards and nominations.
National Live Music Awards.
The National Live Music Awards (NLMAs) commenced in 2016 to recognise contributions to the live music industry in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6913653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913653" title="Beach Beauty Competition">
Beach Beauty Competition



</doc>
<doc id="6913654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913654" title="National Historic Monuments of Argentina">
National Historic Monuments of Argentina



</doc>
<doc id="6913655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913655" title="Welshpool railway station, Victoria">
Welshpool railway station, Victoria

Welshpool was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station formerly served the small town of Welshpool. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until the 1980s. The site of the station contains a preserved platform and the base of its crane. The station no longer contains the tiny building that was donated to Loch station. Between 26 June 1905 and 1 January 1941, a horse-drawn narrow gauge branch line, just under long, ran from Welshpool station to Welshpool Jetty. Near the former station is Welshpool Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="6913658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913658" title="Crackers (album)">
Crackers (album)

Crackers is a studio/compilation album by the British rock band Slade. It was released on 18 November 1985 and reached No. 34 in the UK charts. It was certified Gold by the BPI that same month. The album was produced by bassist Jim Lea except for "All Join Hands", "Do You Believe in Miracles", "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway", which were all produced by John Punter. The album contained a mix of the band's previous hits, some re-recorded songs and a selection of covers.
On "Crackers", Slade tried to create an LP that had a party atmosphere to it. Since its original release, the album has had numerous re-issues over the years with somewhat different titles and various additional phrases on the cover art, including having "The Christmas Party Album" on the cover art of an older version, using the titles "Slade's Crazee Christmas!" (1999) and "The Party Album" (2001), and adding the phrase "The Rockin' Party Album!" (2006). There has also been some variation in the tracks on the album in re-releases.
Background.
Following the release of the band's 1985 studio album "Rogues Gallery", the band were approached by Telstar to create a Christmas-related party album. The album included cover versions of "Let's Dance", "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town", "Hi Ho Silver Lining", "Let's Have a Party!", "Do They Know It's Christmas?" and "Auld Lang Syne/You'll Never Walk Alone". The band re-recorded their own past hits "Cum on Feel the Noize" and "Get Down and Get with It". The remaining eight tracks were previously recorded songs from the band's catalogue, including the new single "Do You Believe in Miracles". The album was a success in the UK, where it reached No. 34 and was certified Gold. The later 1999 release "Slade's Crazee Christmas" would chart several times on the UK Budget Albums Chart between 2001-05.
Speaking to "Kerrang!" in 1985, Noddy Holder said of "Crackers", "This LP features 16 tracks, eight of our own in re-worked form plus eight covers. Telstar, which is distributed through RCA, approached us with the idea and we sat down to democratically decide what to put on it. It was fun doing the project and I hope it's fun to listen to."
Although Slade's label RCA released "Do You Believe in Miracles" as a single, a deal was struck with Telstar to include the song on "Crackers". After the single peaked at No. 54 in the UK, it was suggested that its inclusion on the album had caused it to fail to reach a higher charting. In a 1986 interview, drummer Don Powell said: "That could be a reason. Funnily enough, that was one of the bones of contention - Telstar said that they wanted it on the album, whereas we didn't because that would mean that it would split the sales between the single and the album. I know that if I personally like someone's single, and it's going to be on their latest album, then I'll wait and buy the album."
Recording.
Speaking of recording the album in a 1986 interview, guitarist Dave Hill said: "I enjoyed making the tracks for "Crackers" a lot more than those for "Rogues Gallery"." In his interview that year, Powell revealed his thoughts on the "Crackers" project: "Well, we were a bit dubious at first, we thought that it might have been another Black Lace type of thing. When we actually recorded the cover versions though, we had a great time doing them. We just went into the studio and put them down one after the other - it was like playing live on stage."
While recording "Crackers", Hill discovered Victor Herman, a busker, who was playing bagpipes in Oxford Street, London. As the band were due to record their own version of "Auld Lang Syne", Hill invited Herman to add an authentic touch to the recording. Herman agreed, and when he'd finished recording his part, Slade gave him an envelope with a sizeable sum of money in it, along with their thanks and best wishes. Two days later, the envelope was returned by post, along with a letter from Herman, saying that he'd enjoyed himself so much in the studio that he didn't want the money. Slade later invited him to their Christmas party on 18 November 1985 – the release day of the album. At the party, Slade presented Herman with one of the band's Gold Discs as a keepsake.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, Malcolm Dome of "Kerrang!" called "Crackers" the "party album of the year", on which Slade "repackage some of their classics together with their own inimitable renderings of such tomes as 'Santa Claus Is Coming to Town', 'Okey Cokey' and 'Auld Lang Syne'/'You'll Never Walk Alone'." The "Aberdeen Evening Express" described it as a "raucous party LP" which "reviv[es] memories of Slade's heyday with also a sprinkling of seasonal favourites". 
Dave Thompson of "AllMusic" retrospectively described the album as "simultaneously the most joyously raucous, loud and singalong album in the entire Slade catalog, and the single most detestable record they ever made". He added that the album is "so buoyant and boisterous that even hermits could play it and believe they're having fun", but questioned whether it could be considered "a proper Slade album". In 2010, "Classic Rock" felt the album should be "avoided", stating, "This turkey was very much a nadir for Slade. The combination of re-recorded hits and festive fare achieved its commercial goal, but the album's very existence slammed the credibility of HMS Slade amidships like some unforgiving German torpedo."

</doc>
<doc id="6913659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913659" title="Spanish Harbor Key">
Spanish Harbor Key

Spanish Harbor Key is an island in the lower Florida Keys.
U.S. 1 (the Overseas Highway) crosses the keys at approximately mile markers 35–36, between Bahia Honda Key and West Summerland Key.
Spanish Harbor Key is a small island located in the lower Florida Keys, which are part of the Florida Keys archipelago. The island is situated between the larger islands of Big Pine Key and Cudjoe Key. It is not a highly developed area, and much of it remains relatively undeveloped, offering a more natural, scenic environment. The Florida Keys, known for their tropical climate and coral reefs, are a popular destination for boating, fishing, and outdoor activities.
Originally, there were three keys at this location. They were connected by fills at the time the Overseas Railroad was built. The Keys were West Summerland Key (westernmost), Middle Summerland Key (center), and an unnamed easternmost key. West Summerland retains its name, but the other two are known simply as the Spanish Harbor Keys; named for the anchorage located between this key and Big Pine Key. Interesting features of this key include Indian mounds and storage buildings still standing from the Flagler Railway construction era.

</doc>
<doc id="6913661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913661" title="Miss Beach Beauty">
Miss Beach Beauty



</doc>
<doc id="6913664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913664" title="Spanish Harbor Keys, Florida">
Spanish Harbor Keys, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913665" title="Pranks A Lot">
Pranks A Lot



</doc>
<doc id="6913666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913666" title="GeoRSS">
GeoRSS

GeoRSS is a specification for encoding location as part of a Web feed. "(Web feeds are used to describe feeds ("channels") of content, such as news articles, Audio blogs, video blogs and text blog entries. These web feeds are rendered by programs such as aggregators and web browsers.)" The name "GeoRSS" is derived from RSS, the most known Web feed and syndication format.
In GeoRSS, location content consists of geographical points, lines, and polygons of interest and related feature descriptions. GeoRSS feeds are designed to be consumed by geographic software such as map generators. By building these encodings on a common information model, the GeoRSS collaboration is promoting interoperability and "upwards-compatibility" across encodings.
At this point, the GeoRSS collaboration has completed work on two primary encodings that are called GeoRSS Geography Markup Language (GML) and GeoRSS Simple. GeoRSS-Simple is a very lightweight format that supports basic geometries (point, line, box, polygon) and covers the typical use cases when encoding locations. GeoRSS GML is a formal Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) GML Application Profile, and supports a greater range of features than GeoRSS Simple, notably coordinate reference systems other than WGS84 latitude/longitude. There is also a W3C GeoRSS serialization, which is older and partly deprecated but still the most widely used.
GeoRSS can be used to extend both RSS 1.0 and 2.0, as well as Atom, the IETF's latest standard for feeds.
Examples.
Here's a GeoRSS Simple example using Atom.
 &lt;?xml version="2.0" encoding="utf-8"?&gt;
 &lt;feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" 
 xmlns:georss="http://www.georss.org/georss"&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Earthquakes&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;subtitle&gt;International earthquake observation labs&lt;/subtitle&gt;
 &lt;link href="http://example.org/"/&gt;
 &lt;updated&gt;2005-12-13T18:30:02Z&lt;/updated&gt;
 &lt;author&gt;
 &lt;name&gt;Dr. Thaddeus Remor&lt;/name&gt;
 &lt;email&gt;tremor@quakelab.edu&lt;/email&gt;
 &lt;/author&gt;
 &lt;id&gt;urn:uuid:60a76c80-d399-11d9-b93C-0003939e0af6&lt;/id&gt;
 &lt;entry&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;M 3.2, Mona Passage&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;link href="http://example.org/2005/09/09/atom01"/&gt;
 &lt;id&gt;urn:uuid:1225c695-cfb8-4ebb-aaaa-80da344efa6a&lt;/id&gt;
 &lt;updated&gt;2005-08-17T07:02:32Z&lt;/updated&gt;
 &lt;summary&gt;We just had a big one.&lt;/summary&gt;
 &lt;georss:point&gt;45.256 -71.92&lt;/georss:point&gt;
 &lt;/entry&gt;
 &lt;/feed&gt;
Here is a schema fragment for a GeoRSS GML encoding for RSS 2.0 
 &lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?&gt;
 &lt;rss version="2.0" 
 xmlns:georss="http://www.georss.org/georss" 
 xmlns:gml="http://www.opengis.net/gml"&gt;
 &lt;channel&gt;
 &lt;link&gt;http://maps.google.com&lt;/link&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Cambridge Neighborhoods&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;description&gt;One guy's view of Cambridge, Massachusetts&lt;/description&gt;
 &lt;item&gt;
 &lt;guid isPermaLink="true"&gt;00000111c36421c1321d3&lt;/guid&gt;
 &lt;pubDate&gt;Thu, 05 Apr 2007 20:16:31 +0000&lt;/pubDate&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Central Square&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;description&gt;The heart and soul of the "new" Cambridge. Depending on where you 
 stand, you can feel like you're in the 1970s or 2020.&lt;/description&gt;
 &lt;author&gt;rajrsingh&lt;/author&gt;
 &lt;georss:where&gt;
 &lt;gml:Polygon&gt;
 &lt;gml:exterior&gt;
 &lt;gml:LinearRing&gt;
 &lt;gml:posList&gt;
 +71.106216 42.366661
 +71.105576 42.367104
 +71.104378 42.367134
 +71.103729 42.366249
 +71.098793 42.363331
 +71.101028 42.362541
 +71.106865 42.366123
 +71.106216 42.366661
 &lt;/gml:posList&gt;
 &lt;/gml:LinearRing&gt;
 &lt;/gml:exterior&gt;
 &lt;/gml:Polygon&gt;
 &lt;/georss:where&gt;
 &lt;/item&gt;
 &lt;/channel&gt;
 &lt;/rss&gt;
Here is example of W3C geo GeoRSS
 &lt;?xml version="1.0"?&gt;
 &lt;?xml-stylesheet href="/eqcenter/catalogs/rssxsl.php?feed=eqs7day-M5.xml" type="text/xsl" 
 media="screen"?&gt;
 &lt;rss version="2.0" 
 xmlns:geo="http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos#" 
 xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"&gt;
 &lt;channel&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;USGS M5+ Earthquakes&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;description&gt;Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past 7 days&lt;/description&gt;
 &lt;link&gt;https://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/&lt;/link&gt;
 &lt;dc:publisher&gt;U.S. Geological Survey&lt;/dc:publisher&gt;
 &lt;pubDate&gt;Thu, 27 Dec 2007 23:56:15 PST&lt;/pubDate&gt;
 &lt;item&gt;
 &lt;pubDate&gt;Fri, 28 Dec 2007 05:24:17 GMT&lt;/pubDate&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;M 5.3, northern Sumatra, Indonesia&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;description&gt;December 28, 2007 05:24:17 GMT&lt;/description&gt;
 &lt;link&gt;https://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/recenteqsww/Quakes/us2007llai.php&lt;/link&gt;
 &lt;geo:lat&gt;5.5319&lt;/geo:lat&gt;
 &lt;geo:long&gt;95.8972&lt;/geo:long&gt;
 &lt;/item&gt;
 &lt;/channel&gt;
 &lt;/rss&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6913670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913670" title="State pen">
State pen



</doc>
<doc id="6913672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913672" title="Tokyo Metropolitan Government">
Tokyo Metropolitan Government

The is the government of the Tokyo Metropolis. One of the 47 prefectures of Japan, the government consists of a popularly elected governor and assembly. The headquarters building is located in the ward of Shinjuku. The metropolitan government administers the special wards, cities, towns and villages that constitute part of the Tokyo Metropolis. With a population closing in on 14 million living within its boundaries, and many more commuting from neighbouring prefectures, the metropolitan government wields significant political power within Japan.
Structure of Tokyo Metropolis.
Under Japanese law, Tokyo is designated as a "to" (都), translated as "metropolis". Within Tokyo Metropolis lie dozens of smaller entities, including twenty-three special wards (特別区 -ku) which until 1943 made up Tokyo City but which now have individual local governments, each with a leader and a council. In addition to these 23 local governments, Tokyo also encompasses 26 cities (市 -shi), five towns (町 -chō or machi), and eight villages (村 -son or -mura), each of which has a local government. These other municipalities are located in the western part of the prefecture, as well as the outlying island chains of Izu and Ogasawara.
Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly.
The Metropolitan Assembly is the legislative organ of the whole prefecture of Tokyo. It consists of 127 members elected each four years. Regular sessions are held four times each year, in February, June, September and December. These sessions typically last for 30 days. Between these are plenary sessions where discussions on bills are held.
Governor.
As in other prefectures of Japan, the people of Tokyo directly elect the governor to four-year terms of office. There is no limit to the number of terms a person may serve. Unlike collegiate cabinet systems, where the decisions are made unanimously, the Governor has the authority to make policy decisions and enforce policy. As the chief executive of Tokyo, ruling an area encompassing 13 million inhabitants and a GDP comparable in size to some countries, they hold the greatest influence among Japan's governors. In contrast to other prefectures, the governor of Tokyo has a relatively important role given the size of Tokyo's budget (13 trillion yen as of 2014, which is roughly equivalent to the government budget of Sweden). The Tokyo metropolitan government is also granted relative freedom in how it allocates the budget, as it is not subject to national government subsidies which other prefectures receive. The responsibility for approving the metropolitan budget lies with the governor and the assembly. The assembly may vote for no confidence in the governor and the governor may order the assembly to be dissolved.
Karasumaru Mitsue served as the first prefectural governor of Edo Prefecture in 1868. Several months later, the prefecture was renamed to "Tokyo" and Karasumaru's tenure continued.
Appointed governors of Tokyo Prefecture (1868–1943).
"From the Japanese Wikipedia"
Political parties and elections.
Tokyo's population consists largely of swing voters who are not loyal to any one political party. Tokyoites tend to vote for independent candidates with name recognition or in response to hot-button issues, and have been less susceptible to pork-barrel spending and other "machine" style politics than voters elsewhere in Japan.
With the early elections for the Metropolitan Assembly in 1965 due to a corruption scandal, Tokyo became the first prefecture not to hold its assembly elections during the unified local elections ("tōitsu chihō senkyo"), which typically take place in prefectures and municipalities throughout the country every four years. By 2011, it was one of six prefectures not to do so, the others being Iwate, Miyagi, Fukushima, Ibaraki and Okinawa. Following Shintarō Ishihara's resignation in October 2012, Tokyo held an early gubernatorial election in December 2012 and completely left the unified election cycle.
The four largest established national political parties of the past decade (Liberal Democrats, Democrats, Kōmeitō, Communists) are represented in the Tokyo Assembly. The Social Democratic Party, formerly the Japanese Socialist Party, which had been the second major party for much of the postwar era, lost its one remaining seat in the 2001 election.
Recent elections.
Governor Naoki Inose, endorsed by the Liberal Democratic Party, Kōmeitō and Japan Restoration Party, won roughly two-thirds of the vote in the 2012 Tokyo gubernatorial election. Inose resigned in December 2013 and his successor Yoichi Masuzoe was elected in the 2014 Tokyo gubernatorial election. Masuzoe resigned in June 2016 and a new election was held on 31 July 2016. Yuriko Koike, former LDP defense minister but running as an independent, was elected with 44,49% of the popular vote.
The last assembly election was held on July 27. The new party of the governor Yuriko Koike
(Tomin First no Kai) won 49 seats with 33.68% of the vote. The LDP obtained 23 seats with 22.53% of the vote. The New Komeito Party, allied with Gov. Koike also obtained 23 seats, with 13.13% of the vote.
The previous election was held in June 2013. The LDP won 36% of the vote and 59 of 127 seats in the 2013 Tokyo prefectural election. In the previous election of 2009, the Democratic Party had managed to become strongest party after forty years of LDP dominance. In 2012, the DPJ was reduced to fourth party with 15 seats (15.2% of the vote) as the Kōmeitō won 23 seats (14.1% of the vote) and Communists 17 seats (13.6% of the vote).

</doc>
<doc id="6913674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913674" title="Robert Epp">
Robert Epp

Robert Charles Epp (born December 15, 1926) is a translator of Japanese literature into English. Among others, he has translated the poetry of Hagiwara Sakutarō, Maruyama Kaoru, Tachihara Michizō, and Daisaku Ikeda.
A.M., Ph.D. Harvard University, Professor Emeritus, UCLA
Shared the first Japan-United States Friendship Commission's Friendship Fund Prize for Japanese Literary Translation of the poetry of Kinoshita Yūji (1979).

</doc>
<doc id="6913679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913679" title="Bahia Honda Key, Florida">
Bahia Honda Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913680" title="Kozłówka Palace">
Kozłówka Palace

Kozłówka Palace (: , Polish: "Pałac w Kozłówce") is a large rococo and neoclassical palace complex of the Zamoyski family in Kozłówka, Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
The palace was built between 1735 and 1742 and is one of Poland's official national Historic Monuments ("Pomnik historii"), as designated May 16, 2007, and tracked by the National Heritage Board of Poland. It currently houses the Zamoyski Family Museum in Kozłówka. The Kozłówka Landscape Park lies south of the palace complex.
History.
The original palace was built in the first half of 18th century for Michał Bieliński, voivode of Chełmno; its architect was Jozef II Fontana. It represents the characteristic type of baroque suburban residence built "entre cour et jardin" (between the entrance court and the garden). Its architecture is original - a merger of European art with old Polish building traditions. In 1799, the Palace was acquired by the aristocratic Zamoyski family. It belonged to the family up until 1944. The palace experienced a period of great prosperity during the times of Count Konstanty Zamoyski who remodelled the palace in order to turn it into one of the most monumental and representative magnate residences in Poland.
Between 1879 and 1907, the palace was rebuilt in Neo-Baroque style, the chapel was modified (modelled on the chapel at Versailles Palace); a theatre, a second outbuilding and an entrance gate were also added. The palace also features a unique sewers system from the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries, which made it possible for the owners of the property to have access to some of the earliest modern bathrooms in Europe.
In 1903, the Kozłówka entail was established by Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, which meant that the property belonging to the Zamoyski family could not be sold or divided and automatically passed by law to the eldest heir.
In 1928, the chairman of the Polish Gymnastics Society "Sokół", Count Adam Michał Zamoyski, organized a training camp in the palace gardens for the Polish national gymnastics team in preparation for the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.
From November 1944, when the last owners Count Aleksander Zamoyski and his wife Countess Jadwiga Zamoyska were forced to flee their palace, it became the property of the Communist regime, whose grip on Poland ended in 1989. It currently hosts the Zamoyski family museum.
The interiors of the palace were preserved despite the ravages of the German Nazi and Soviet Regimes from 1939 to 1989. The original opulent design and most of museum quality art from the Zamoyski family collections remain.
The surroundings of the palace also include a historic chapel, French Baroque garden, stables and a carriage house. The palace grounds also feature the Gallery of Socrealism, the largest collection of communist art in Poland featuring over 1,600 sculptures, paintings, drawings and posters.
In popular culture.
The palace served as a setting to a number of films and TV series including Janusz Morgenstern's 1967 series "More Than Life at Stake", Konrad Nałęcki and Andrzej Czekalski's "Four Tank-Men and a Dog" (1966–1970), Janusz Majewski's 1970 horror film "Lokis", Jerzy Antczak's 2002 biographical film "" and John Daly's 2004 war drama "The Aryan Couple".

</doc>
<doc id="6913683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913683" title="Ciarán Martyn">
Ciarán Martyn

Ciarán Martyn (born 25 March 1980) is an Irish retired footballer who last played as a midfielder for Ballinamallard United of the NIFL Premiership.
Career.
Born in Sligo, Ireland, Martyn started his career at U.C.D. where he scored in a 2000 UEFA Intertoto Cup clash with PFC Velbazhd Kyustendil.
Martyn played with Derry City from 2002 until his loan move to Fredrikstad F.K. in 2007. He is one of the few players (if not the only one) who have paid to play for Derry City. Having signed a pre-contract with Shelbourne a number of seasons ago, he changed his mind and was forced to pay £8,000 to escape the agreement. An attacking midfielder with an eye for goal, the Sligo man moved to Derry to show his commitment to the club.
In August 2006 Martyn scored twice in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup win over Gretna F.C. In November 2006 he made his 200th appearance for the club when he was brought on as a 60th-minute substitute against Cork City FC in the Brandywell. This made him the 16th player to reach this milestone since Derry's inception to the League of Ireland in 1985. He finished the 2006 season as Derry's second-highest scorer with 15 goals scored in total. This tally included 8 goals scored in the Premier Division and another 7 scored in the cup competitions.
Signed from UCD by Kevin Mahon, Martyn has played at numerous under-age levels for the Republic of Ireland.
On 31 March 2007, Martyn signed an agreement to be hired out to Norwegian top division team Fredrikstad F.K. until July 2007.
Following financial difficulties at the Brandywell, it was announced on 19 January 2010 that Martyn had left Derry City and signed for Glentoran.
Martyn suffered a tricky first year and a half at Glentoran due to long-term injuries. When he was fit to play he was approved by the supporters of Glentoran. Martyn scored on his Glentoran debut against Coleraine; however, the Glens were defeated 4–3 at the Coleraine Showgrounds.
He also gave Glentoran the lead at Windsor Park against Coleraine in the C.I.S. Final win under manager Scott Young.
He scored a vital away goal in Glentoran's 1–0 win over Glenavon at Mourneview.
He took a four figure pay cut for Glentoran under manager Scott Young. This was first announced in an edition of the "Glentoran Gazette" match day magazine.
Martyn was issued the number six jersey at Glentoran for the 2011/12 season.
He was released from Glentoran on 24 May 2012.
He then joined Glenavon on a short-term contract in November 2012 before signing a one-and-a-half-year deal with the club on 8 December.
Martyn featured when Glenavon beat Ballymena United 2–1 in the 2014 Irish Cup final, he also played in the 2016 final, in which Glenavon defeated Linfield 2–0.
Personal life.
He is a first cousin of British 400m runner Martyn Rooney.
Honours.
UCD
Derry City
Glentoran
Glenavon

</doc>
<doc id="6913684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913684" title="County Route 615 (Sussex County, New Jersey)">
County Route 615 (Sussex County, New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6913688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913688" title="Hedley railway station">
Hedley railway station

Hedley was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s, and operated until its closure on 31 July 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="6913694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913694" title="Michel Bouillon">
Michel Bouillon

Michel Bouillon or Michel de Bouillon ("fl" 1638–1674) was a Flemish painter of flowers, hunting still lifes, fruit piece, market scenes, vanitas still lifes and garland paintings. His signed works are rare and show the influence of both the French and Flemish schools and a somewhat archaic style.
Life.
He is believed to have been born in Ere (now part of Tournai). At the time of his birth Ere was located in the County of Flanders and is now situated in Belgium. Around 1638 he was admitted to the local painters' guild in Tournai. He participated in 1670 in the decorations for the Royal Entry of Louis XIV in Tournai following the annexation of this part of Flanders by France.
He died in 1674 or later.
Work.
Michel de Bouillon's signed works are rare. He specialized in flower pieces, still lifes of fruit and market scenes as well as hunting and vanitas still lifes.
His work shows influences by both the French and Flemish schools. His floral garland paintings around cartouches and vases of flowers presented in a niche are somewhat archaic. His decorative compositions that bring together a wreath of flowers, fruits, games and various objects in an architectural context are linked to the decorative production of the end of the 17th century. In the painting he is in the vein of painters such as Joachim Beuckelaer, in associating a religious subject rejected in the background, with a kitchen scene with a sumptuous still life.

</doc>
<doc id="6913696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913696" title="Sunshine Key, Florida">
Sunshine Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913698" title="Festival of The Lion King (2001 CD)">
Festival of The Lion King (2001 CD)



</doc>
<doc id="6913706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913706" title="Class 1 senator">
Class 1 senator



</doc>
<doc id="6913708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913708" title="Ohio Key, Florida">
Ohio Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913711" title="Flashbeagle">
Flashbeagle



</doc>
<doc id="6913715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913715" title="Missouri Key, Florida">
Missouri Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913716" title="German Cup 2006/07">
German Cup 2006/07



</doc>
<doc id="6913723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913723" title="Gelliondale railway station">
Gelliondale railway station

Gelliondale was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="6913726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913726" title="Amrita Centre for Computational Engineering and Networking">
Amrita Centre for Computational Engineering and Networking

The Centre for Excellence in Computational Engineering and Networking (CEN) at Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, a research university in India, is a research and teaching center works on technologies to solving computational problems that can be applied in real world projects. The centre is involved in research projects funded by organizations like ISRO, NPOL, Indian Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology and Department of Science and Technology. The center is involved in the areas of Artificial intelligence, Cyber security, Computer networks, Computational Linguistics, Data science and Natural Language Processing. A translation project is underway to develop tools to translate web content from English to Indian languages. Research is also ongoing in the area of speech translation.
CEN is a centre under the Amrita Schools of Engineering. The centre is headed by Dr K P Soman who has been in the research field for more than 25 years. He secured his PhD from IIT Kharagpur and was scientific officer in the Reliability Engineering Centre, IIT Kharagpur, before joining Amrita.
Academics.
The center offers Bachelor of Technology in Artificial intelligence, Cyber security, Computer science and engineering and Master of Technology in Computational Engineering and Networking, Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning, Data science, Remote Sensing &amp; Wireless Sensor Network, Cyber security, Computer network, Embedded Computing and Control, Robotics and Computer Vision, Computational chemistry, Quantum computing, Scientific Computing and Applications, Wireless Communication, Signal processing, Computer vision, Digital image processing and Information systems. The centre also offers various certificate and online programs.

</doc>
<doc id="6913728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913728" title="Little Duck Key, Florida">
Little Duck Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913731" title="Ken Oman">
Ken Oman

Kenneth Oman (born 29 July 1982) is an Irish retired footballer who played as a defender.
Career.
Oman began his league career at Bohemians when Pete Mahon signed him in the summer of 2001. He made his League of Ireland debut as a substitute in a 5–1 win away to Galway United on 31 August 2001.
The defender was released by Bohemians in the close season between the 2005 and 2006 seasons and was immediately signed by former mentor Stephen Kenny. Oman relocated to Derry in an attempt to secure regular first team football.
He had an impressive competitive debut for the club against Linfield in the 2006 Setanta Cup and also played in Derry City's 2006–07 UEFA Cup games against high quality European opposition.
With the appointment of Pat Fenlon as his team's manager for the 2007 season, Oman was paired with Darren Kelly as Derry City's first choice partnership in central defence. As a result of his performances in the 2007 season, Oman received an unofficial Player of the Season Award from one of Derry City's supporters clubs. On 22 November, Oman was re-signed by Bohemians after he expressed his desire to return home to Dublin.
He struggled to find form on his return to Bohemians and despite winning a League of Ireland winners medal, he found it difficult to displace the central defensive pairing of Jason McGuinness and Liam Burns. He started the 2009 season on the bench but eventually found a first team place as a result of McGuinness being suspended. He scored some important goals during the season, including two against St. Patrick's Athletic on 11 August. He finished the season with two more winners medals as Bohemians reclaimed the league title and defeated Waterford United in the final of the League of Ireland Cup. He was voted onto the PFAI team of the year for 2009.
The following year was an unsuccessful one for Oman and Bohemians. The team lost the league title on goal difference and failed to make an impact in European competition. Bohemians and Oman parted ways after the 2010 season came to an end.
On 10 February 2011, Oman joined Shamrock Rovers. He made his League debut for the Hoops in the opening night win over Dundalk
He went on to make 20 league appearances as Rovers claimed the 2011 League title. He also took part in the club's epic 2011–12 UEFA Europa League campaign, playing in 6 of the club's 12 games and scoring in the 4-1 away defeat to FC Rubin Kazan.
Ken re-signed for the Hoops in 2012 and played in 19 league games, scoring three times, as Shamrock Rovers finished fourth in the league. The club also reached the EA Sports Cup Final where they lost out to Drogheda United. In 2013 Ken made 18 league appearances as the Hoops finished a disappointing fifth in the league. He missed out on the club's Setanta Cup Final win in May but did play in the EA Cup Final win against Drogheda United on 21 September.
Ken was released by Shamrock Rovers at the end of the 2013 season and signed for St Patrick's Athletic in November 2013. He made nine appearances for the Inchicore side, picking up two red cards in the process, as St Pats claimed third place in the 2014 league table. He was also an unused sub for the FAI Cup Final, which St Pats won after beating Derry City 2-0.
In February 2015, free agent Oman joined NIFL Premiership side Portadown on an 18-Month contract.
Personal life.
In March 2024, Oman received a suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to a charge of unlawfully and maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm. Oman was extradited to Northern Ireland over the charges, however it was later reported that he voluntarily surrendered himself to the authorities. Oman admitted elbowing opponent Caoimhin Bonner in the mouth while playing for Portadown against Cliftonville in 2016. At the time of his conviction, Oman was working as a taxi driver in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="6913736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913736" title="Big Brother Croatia 3">
Big Brother Croatia 3



</doc>
<doc id="6913742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913742" title="My Life (Mosley autobiography)">
My Life (Mosley autobiography)

My Life is the autobiography of the British Fascist leader Sir Oswald Mosley (1896 – 1980). It was published in 1968.
Background.
Oswald Mosley was a British politician who served as a member of parliament under both the Conservative and Labour parties, and was appointed a minister by Ramsay MacDonald in 1929 before ultimately leaving the Labour party in protest of its economic policies. In 1931 he created his own fascist political party called the New Party, which became the British Union of Fascists in 1932. His turn to fascism was widely considered to be political suicide, and he never held political office again.
Release.
The book was published in 1968. To coincide with the release of the book, the BBC broadcast a "Panorama" special, seen by a record audience.
Content.
The book is structured as a sequential memoir, but it doubles as the author's personal defence against charges of antisemitism, as well as a general overview of world politics, both during his ascent, and at the time of its publication in the 1960s.
"My Life" provides Mosley's justifications for his actions and his claims that he was surprised by the violence his party engaged in, which he claims to have not endorsed. He defends the methods of fascist dictator Benito Mussolini but condemns the Holocaust. However, he argues that Adolf Hitler was not responsible for the Holocaust, and that it was brought about by nations going to war against him rather than accommodating his fascist ideology.

</doc>
<doc id="6913746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913746" title="Knight's Key, Florida">
Knight's Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913747" title="Eressian">
Eressian



</doc>
<doc id="6913749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913749" title="Alberton railway station, Victoria">
Alberton railway station, Victoria

Alberton was a railway station on the South Gippsland railway line, which originally terminated at in South Gippsland, Victoria. The station was opened on 13 January 1892, and closed on 6 June 1981. Alberton was the junction for the extension of the South Gippsland railway line to Woodside in the early 1920s. The line between Alberton and Port Albert closed in the 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="6913754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913754" title="Gum Drop (song)">
Gum Drop (song)

"Gum Drop" is a popular song written by Rudy Toombs.
The original recording was by Otis Williams and the Charms (credited as "Otis Williams and His New Group"), released by De Luxe Records in June 1955 as catalog number 45-6090.
The Crew-Cuts recording.
The recording by The Crew-Cuts was released by Mercury Records as catalog number 70668. It first reached the Billboard magazine charts on August 27, 1955. On the Disk Jockey chart, it peaked at #14; on the Best Seller chart, at #10; on the Juke Box chart, at #20; on the composite chart of the top 100 songs, it reached #80. The peak at #80 on the top-100 list is misleading, however, because this list was begun after the song had reached its popularity peak, so it was headed off the list at that point. The flip side was "Present Arms" on some copies and "Song Of The Fool" on others.

</doc>
<doc id="6913757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913757" title="Boot Key, Florida">
Boot Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913774" title="Fat Deer Key, Florida">
Fat Deer Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913779" title="Michele girardon">
Michele girardon



</doc>
<doc id="6913782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913782" title="Alan blayney">
Alan blayney



</doc>
<doc id="6913783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913783" title="Gareth McGlynn">
Gareth McGlynn

Gareth McGlynn (born 29 October 1982 in Inch, Donegal, Ireland) is a retired footballer who played for Derry City.
Career.
Ireland.
McGlynn broke into the Derry side at the age of 17. He made his debut in April 2001 in a 1-0 home victory over Kilkenny City with his first goal for the club arriving 10 days later during a 3-3 draw with Shelbourne. That goal made him the 100th player ever to score for Derry in the League of Ireland. His 200th appearance was made during a game with Drogheda United at United Park towards the end of the 2006 season.
An Irish youth international, McGlynn can play on the right or in the centre of midfield. A talented ball player, he has battled his way back into the team and impressed Stephen Kenny sufficiently to warrant a run in the side. In September 2006, two semi-final goals from McGlynn against Limerick helped Derry win 3-0 and thus qualify for the final of the League of Ireland Cup.
Gareth signed for Pat Fenlon's Bohemians in pre-season 2010 and scored his first goal for Bohemians against Drogheda United on 19 March 2010.
In the close season of 2010, McGlynn was linked with a move to his former club Derry City. McGlynn then re-signed for Derry City in January 2011.
Australia.
He left Derry in December 2011 to go to Australia and signed for Stirling Lions in the Football West State League.
America.
After Australia he travelled to New York, making his debut in March 2014 with Lansdowne Bhoys FC. He then went on to win two Cosmopolitan Soccer League titles in 2014 and 2015 with the Bhoys.
Back to Derry City.
In 2016, he once again signed for Derry City on a one-year deal for his 3rd stint with the team.
Honours.
Derry City
Bohemians
Lansdowne Bhoys FC

</doc>
<doc id="6913785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913785" title="Long Point Key, Florida">
Long Point Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913791" title="Froggy branded">
Froggy branded



</doc>
<doc id="6913794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913794" title="Crawl Key, Florida">
Crawl Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913796" title="Giant Spitting Earthworm">
Giant Spitting Earthworm



</doc>
<doc id="6913801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913801" title="Chiranjeevi the Mega star">
Chiranjeevi the Mega star



</doc>
<doc id="6913804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913804" title="Manolis Papamakarios">
Manolis Papamakarios

Emmanouil "Manolis" "Manos" Papamakarios (Greek: Εμμανουήλ "Μανώλης" "Μάνος" Παπαμακάριος; born August 26, 1980) is a retired Greek professional basketball player. He is 1.92 m (6 ft 3 in) tall and he mainly played as a shooting guard, but he could also play at the point guard, point forward, and small forward positions.
Professional playing career.
Born in Athens, Greece, Papamakarios began his professional basketball career with the Greek League club Peristeri in 1998. He then moved to Makedonikos in 2004, and then to Olympiacos Piraeus in 2005. After spending three seasons with Olympiacos Piraeus, he decided to leave the team in 2008, when he signed a two-year contract with Panellinios.
He then moved to the Spanish League club GBC. He joined the Greek club Panelefsiniakos in 2013. On December 3, 2014 he signed with Greek club KAOD.
In 2015, Papamakarios signed with the emerging powerhouse, Faros Keratsiniou, of the Greek A2 League.
In 2016, he signed with the Greek 2nd Division club Doukas. In 2017, he joined the Greek club Gymnastikos Faros Larissas.
On July 12, 2018, Papamakarios announced his official retirement from playing professional basketball in a letter, but in the same letter he also mentioned that he would remain close to the sport in another capacity. Later that same day, he became the sports director of Ifaistos Limnou.
National team career.
Papamakarios won the bronze medal at the 1998 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship with Greece's junior national team. He also played at the 1999 FIBA Under-19 World Cup, and at the 2000 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. He was also a member of the senior men's Greek national basketball team.
Post-playing career.
After he retired from playing professional basketball, Papamakarios became the sports director of Ifaistos Limnou, in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6913809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913809" title="Conch Key, Florida">
Conch Key, Florida

Conch Key is an island and unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States, located in the middle Florida Keys. U.S. 1 (the Overseas Highway) crosses the key at approximately mile markers 62–63, between Long and Duck Keys. It is part of the census-designated place of Duck Key.
Little Conch Key, near mile marker 62.2, is also known as Walker's Island.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .
Education.
It is in the Monroe County School District. It is zoned to Stanley Switick Elementary School (K-8) in Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="6913811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913811" title="Fuling jiabing">
Fuling jiabing

Fuling jiabing (), also known Fu Ling Bing or Tuckahoe Pie, 
is a traditional snack food of Beijing and is an integral part of the city's culture. It is a pancake-like snack made from flour, sugar, and "fuling" ("Poria"), rolled around nuts, honey, and other ingredients. The flour can be mixed with "fuling" ("Wolfiporia extensa"), a Chinese medicinal fungus native to Yunnan province that is used in TCM to ‘rid the spleen of dampness’. Different ingredients are rolled into the pancakes making a variety of "Fuling jiabing". The pancakes can be carved into beautiful patterns, too.
It used to be a light snack served to the royal family or governmental officials in the Qing Dynasty. Now it has become a must-have snack of Beijing. Daoxiangchun (稻香村) is renowned for the excellence of its "Fuling jiabing".

</doc>
<doc id="6913812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913812" title="Värsta språket">
Värsta språket

Värsta språket (Swedish: "The Worst Language" (figuratively "The coolest language")) was a Swedish television series about the Swedish language. The series, which was hosted by Fredrik Lindström and produced by Karin af Klintberg, was broadcast on SVT between October 2002 and April 2003. The series discussed issues with the Swedish language in an entertaining way.
After two seasons, Fredrik Lindström claimed that the attention from the programme was a burden to him and that he would no longer host it anymore. The show was therefore put on hiatus. Lindström did however return with another language-related series called "Svenska dialektmysterier" in 2006.
Lindström and af Klintberg were given Stora journalistpriset for the programme.
Much of what was mentioned in the show is recorded and can be read in Lindström's two books: "Världens dåligaste språk" ("The World's baddest [sic!] language") and "Jordens smartaste ord" ("The smartest words on Earth").

</doc>
<doc id="6913823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913823" title="Konidela Siva Sankara Vara Prasad Nagendra">
Konidela Siva Sankara Vara Prasad Nagendra



</doc>
<doc id="6913827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913827" title="Bay Guardian">
Bay Guardian



</doc>
<doc id="6913832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913832" title="Maroussi Athens">
Maroussi Athens



</doc>
<doc id="6913835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913835" title="Convergence order">
Convergence order



</doc>
<doc id="6913840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913840" title="Order of convergence">
Order of convergence



</doc>
<doc id="6913841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913841" title="Fiesta Key, Florida">
Fiesta Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913842" title="Wall of Hits">
Wall of Hits

Wall of Hits is a compilation album by the British rock band Slade. It was released on 11 November 1991 and reached No. 34 in the UK Albums Chart. The album was issued by Polydor and included the last two singles to be recorded by the band: "Radio Wall of Sound" and "Universe".
Background.
After the commercial failure of the band's 1987 album "You Boyz Make Big Noize", and the end of their contract with RCA, Slade decided to take an eighteen-month break. Although the band announced their intentions to record a new album, these plans did not materialise and band activity remained limited. Later in 1991, the band's former 1970s label Polydor Records approached the band with the idea of recording two new singles to promote a new compilation album "Wall of Hits". The two singles, "Radio Wall of Sound" and "Universe", were soon completed, with Polydor offering the option of a new studio album if both singles were successful. "Radio Wall of Sound" was released in October 1991 and reached No. 21 in the UK, earning the band their twenty-fourth Top 40 single and their first Top 40 hit since 1984.
"Wall of Hits" was then released in November and peaked at No. 34. It was certified UK Silver by BPI that month. A VHS of the same name was also released, featuring numerous music videos and filmed performances of the band's singles over their career. "Universe" was released in December to attract the Christmas market and further promote the compilation over the festive period. It failed to reach the top 75 and replicate the success of "Radio Wall of Sound", stalling at number 76. Polydor withdrew their option for a new studio album and the band split up in 1992.
The album contained twenty tracks covering the band's career from 1971 to 1991. However, some critics were quick to notice the omissions of a number of charting singles, including "In for a Penny, "We'll Bring the House Down", "All Join Hands" and "Myzsterious Mizster Jones". In a 1992 fan club interview, Holder spoke of the track selection on the compilation: "Something had to go to enable the inclusion of the two new tracks and the two RCA tracks which made it a good overall package, although we are not likely to get a volume two deal if the first volume doesn't do that well."
In a 1992 fan club interview, guitarist Dave Hill mentioned the compilation in a story of seeing Kiss live: 
Critical reception.
Dave Thompson of AllMusic retrospectively wrote: "By no means the first (or last) ever Slade hits collection, "Wall of Hits" is nevertheless the only one you truly need, a solid roundup of every British Top Ten smash the band ever scored, plus a smattering of lesser-rated (but equally deserving) Top 20 entries, and only one track – 1991's "Universe" – that really doesn't belong. Neither has time taken any toll on the quality of the music. Whether causing roaring traffic to grind to a halt or bearing their souls in a ballad, the members of Slade not only made great records, they also tapped emotions that make fans never tire of singing their songs."
Personnel.
Slade
Production

</doc>
<doc id="6913846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913846" title="BRICK">
BRICK



</doc>
<doc id="6913847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913847" title="Thai and Lao Braille">
Thai and Lao Braille

Thai Braille () and Lao Braille () are the braille alphabets of the Thai language and Lao language. Thai Braille was adapted by Genevieve Caulfield, who knew both English and Japanese Braille. Unlike the print Thai alphabet, which is an abugida, Thai and Lao Braille have full letters rather than diacritics for vowels. However, traces of the abugida remain: Only the consonants are based on the international English and French standard, while the vowels are reassigned and the five vowels transcribed "a e i o u" are taken from Japanese Braille.
Braille charts.
Thai and Lao Braille run as follows:
Consonants.
Consonants follow English and international conventions except where, as in "b" and "f", there is interference from the Japanese-derived vowels. Low-tone-class "kh, ng, ch, s, th, f" are derived from English Braille "k, g, st, s, th, f" by adding dot 6. "B" and low "ph" are derived from high "ph" through reflection; "p" is a superposition of "b" and "ph"; the three consonants had been transcribed "b, bp, p" in Caulfield's day.
Letters with asterisks are obsolete. Light cells are high tone-class letters in Thai, medium cells mid tone class, and dark cells low tone class. Consonants of different tone classes have distinct braille letters; complete homonyms, found in Thai only, are distinguished by prefixes. The one prefix in Lao is found in (ຢ "y"), which corresponds to Thai "ying" (ญ "y") in Braille but corresponds to Thai "yak" (ย "y") in alphabetic (non-Braille) position. Lao (ຍ "ny") corresponds to Thai "yak" (ย "y") in Braille and looks but corresponds to Thai "ying" (ญ "y") in alphabetic position.
In Thai, "h" is prefixed to low-class nasal stops and non-plosives "ng y n m r l w" to move them to the high-tone class. Lao has the same system for similar characters "ng ny n m l w".
Vowels.
The short vowels transcribed "a e i o u" are taken from Japanese Braille, and the long vowels "ā ē ī ō ū" are derived from these. "aw" () is French and international "o", and "eu/ue" is French "œ". The other vowels have little recognizable connection to other braille alphabets.
All vowels, including the default, are written after the consonant in braille, regardless of their order in print. Although the vowels have different forms in print, depending on their environment, they have a single form in braille with few exceptions (short "a" and in Lao short "o"). is both the inherent vowel "aw" and the null consonant, so the syllable "aw" is written .
When is used in print to indicate a short vowel, is appended to the vowel in braille. ฤๅ and ฦๅ are written as ฤ or ฦ plus า in braille. The one irregularity in Thai, also found in Lao, is for short "ǫ", written in braille though not in print as the short variant of –อ long "ǭ". Lao has additional, similar regularization of print conventions: for short ເ◌ິ "oe", and similarly the braille short sign for a different print diacritic in short ເ◌ຶອ "eua" and ເ◌ັຍ "ia".
Other symbols.
The short sign ( ็) is also used for the rarer virama ( ฺ).
Numbers.
Numbers are the same as in other braille alphabets, though dot six is prefixed to the to specify that they're Thai or Lao digits. Thus, a sequence of numbers begins with .
Punctuation.
Single (though not paired) clause-final punctuation may introduced with , but is otherwise as in English Braille.
There is some variability in the use of the to mark stop/period, comma, and the exclamation point. Thai Braille seems to use for the comma, while Lao Braille uses , unless the latter is a copy error in Unesco (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="6913850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913850" title="Craig Key, Florida">
Craig Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913854" title="Tom Chilton (game developer)">
Tom Chilton (game developer)



</doc>
<doc id="6913856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913856" title="Undiscovered (album)">
Undiscovered (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6913862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913862" title="A Cantor's Tale">
A Cantor's Tale

A Cantor's Tale is a 2005 documentary by Erik Greenberg Anjou. The film profiles Jacob Mendelson, a practitioner of Jewish liturgical music (a cantor) who has dedicated his life to preserving the form's traditional vocal stylings.
Plot.
Anjou follows Mendelson around Borough Park, his old neighborhood in Brooklyn. Mendelson, who carries a tuning fork with him at all times, is prone to burst into song. During their journey through Borough Park, Anjou finds that the neighborhood has a fair number of bakers with vocal talents as good as their knishes.
Mendelson also recalls when cantors were as popular as baseball players. "They had groupies," he tells Anjou, a strong incentive for a chubby teenager in high school.
Mendelson's mother, who had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, was almost obsessed that her son become a cantor. The film reveals an interesting link to celebrity on the part of Mendelson's father: the older Mendelson once co-owned a truck with the father of Steven Spielberg.
The movie's original title was "Chazz'n", after the profiled cantor's sobriquet "Chazzan Jack Mendelson." It has also been titled "A Cantor's Story".
Subject.
Mendelson grew up in the Borough Park neighborhood of Brooklyn. He was given the Hebrew name Yaakov Ben-Zion, after his grandfather, the rabbi of Newark between the world wars.
He has opera and cantorial degrees from Juilliard and Hebrew Union College (HUC) respectively. He has also taught at both HUC and Jewish Theological Seminary.
In 1979, he married Fredda M. Rakusin, a fellow Juilliard graduate, cantor, and opera singer.
Mendelson was preceded in his profession by a number of relatives, including a paternal uncle, Nathan, who was cantor at Montreal's Shaar Hashamayim for 35 years, an older brother Solomon "Tucky" Mendelson, and other members of the extended Mendelson family. Sol and Jacob were members of Moshe Koussevitzky's children's choir at Beth-El, and both were later presidents of the Cantors Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="6913869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913869" title="Lower Matecumbe Key, Florida">
Lower Matecumbe Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913873" title="Setiabudi">
Setiabudi

Setiabudi is a district in the administrative city of South Jakarta, Indonesia. It is part of the Golden Triangle of Jakarta (), the centre of business and commercial establishments in the city. Setiabudi is named after an Indonesian hero of partial Indo and Sundanese descent, Ernest Douwes Dekker, also known as Danudirdja Setiabudi. Setiabudi is bordered by Central Jakarta in the north.
History.
Setiabudi was among the first housing neighborhoods in Jakarta after Indonesia is independent. It is the oldest of such place in the district and contains the oldest buildings standing. It was among the first two neighborhoods with direct access to the Sudirman Road, the other being Bendungan Hilir.
Planning was initiated in the 1950s but mostly completed in the 1960s. The work heralded the building of the Kuningan Road.
Subdistricts.
Setiabudi is divided into eight "kelurahan" or subdistricts: 
Boundaries.
It is bounded by Cideng River, Menteng Pulo Road, a water channel to the east, a flood channel to the north, Jalan Jenderal Sudirman (a main road to the west), and Jalan Jenderal Gatot Subroto (a main road to the south).
Manggarai Bus Terminal.
Manggarai Bus Terminal, which opened on 16 April 2014, is integrated with TransJakarta corridor and KRL Jabodetabek Commuter Line with skywalk.

</doc>
<doc id="6913878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913878" title="VL SS Group A">
VL SS Group A



</doc>
<doc id="6913880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913880" title="VK SS Group A">
VK SS Group A



</doc>
<doc id="6913881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913881" title="Lignumvitae Key, Florida">
Lignumvitae Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913886" title="The Hunt of Eagle One">
The Hunt of Eagle One



</doc>
<doc id="6913888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913888" title="Sydney Exhibition &amp; Convention Centre">
Sydney Exhibition &amp; Convention Centre



</doc>
<doc id="6913891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913891" title="Ice Age II">
Ice Age II



</doc>
<doc id="6913897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913897" title="Alice Pike">
Alice Pike



</doc>
<doc id="6913903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913903" title="Panayiotis Yiannakis">
Panayiotis Yiannakis



</doc>
<doc id="6913906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913906" title="Upper Matecumbe Key, Florida">
Upper Matecumbe Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913907" title="Chief Chouneau">
Chief Chouneau

William "Chief" Chouneau (September 2, 1888 – September 17, 1946), born William Cadreau, was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in one game for the Chicago White Sox in 1910, and later played for the Negro league Chicago Union Giants. He was a member of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa in northeastern Minnesota. 
A native of Cloquet, Minnesota, the 22-year-old right-hander Chouneau was the starting pitcher on the last day of the 1910 season for a Chicago White Sox club that featured Baseball Hall of Fame hurler Ed Walsh and was led by Hall of Fame manager Hugh Duffy. The opponent was a strong Detroit Tigers team that finished the year in third place. The White Sox were ahead 1–0 after five innings, but Chouneau gave up two runs in the top of the sixth and was removed from the game with one out. Pitcher Wild Bill Donovan and the Tigers won the game, 2–1. Chouneau gave up seven hits and no walks in his 5.1 innings pitched. He had one strikeout, an 0–1 record, and his ERA was 3.38. At the plate he was 0-for-1 with a walk and a hit by pitch, giving him an on-base percentage of .667.
In 1917, Chouneau pitched for the Negro league Chicago Union Giants. In his one recorded appearance, Chouneau tossed a complete game win, allowing three earned runs.
He died on the Fond du Lac Indian Reservation in 1946 at age 58.
External links.
 and Seamheads and Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="6913910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913910" title="Ura juji jime">
Ura juji jime

Ura-Juji-Jime is the fourth variation of the cross lock, Juji-Jime,
demonstrated in "The Canon Of Judo",
the first three being Katate-,
Gyaku-, and Nami-
Juji-Jime.

</doc>
<doc id="6913914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913914" title="Windley Key, Florida">
Windley Key, Florida



</doc>
<doc id="6913928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913928" title="Huay Xai">
Huay Xai



</doc>
<doc id="6913929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913929" title="Iproclozide">
Iproclozide

Iproclozide (trade names Sursum, Sinderesin) is an irreversible and selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of the hydrazine chemical class that was used as an antidepressant, but has since been discontinued. It has been known to cause fulminant hepatitis and there have been at least three reported fatalities due to administration of the drug.

</doc>
<doc id="6913932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913932" title="Joseph P. Day">
Joseph P. Day

Joseph Paul Day (September 2, 1873 – April 10, 1944) was a real estate broker and pioneer auctioneer active in New York City from 1895 until his death.
Early life.
Day was born in New York City to John W. Day, a successful producer of soda water and Catherine A. (née Hayes). His father died when Joseph was 5, and his mother died 9 years later, forcing him to quit public school at age 14 to work as a clerk in a wholesale dry goods outfit.
Career.
Day worked briefly for an insurance and real estate company before opening his own real estate company at the age of 21 with offices at 98 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. His business grew rapidly, necessitating moves to progressively larger offices. He auctioned land on Manhattan Beach as early as 1904. In 1907 he sold 2,000 lots in New York in six auctions, one of the most successful lot sales ever held in New York City. He sold $100 million of real estate between 1907 and 1909. A year later he sold $81 million worth of real estate.
On October 11, 1910, Day held the first real estate auction at night at the Terrace Garden at 58th Street near 3rd Avenue in New York. That night he sold 297 Bronx lots on Hunts Point Avenue and adjoining streets for the developers of Hunts Point Estate.
He announced plans in 1916 to build 114 homes and many amenities at Brooklyn's Manhattan Beach. The project was completed in the 1920s and was featured on the cover of "Life" Magazine as "Life Goes to a Party at Joseph Day's Manhattan Beach Baths". It was billed as the "World's Largest Privately Owned Playground."
During his career, Day sold about one-third of the Bronx and one-third of Queens, plus was involved in many sales in Brooklyn, Westchester, and North New Jersey. He also developed a project in San Clemente, California, that included 500 buildings and 1,000 residences.
Day was a driving force in the real estate market of New York City. An article on William Hassler (1887–1921), who photographically mapped of the city of New York after the consolidation of the five Boroughs in 1898, mentions Day. Hassler utilized the Cirkut camera apparatus to do the laborious work. His primary client from 1911 to 1921 was Joseph P. Day Realtors and Auctioneers.
By 1933, Day was an early, vocal and substantial proponent of long-term mortgages.
Family life.
Joseph P. Day and Pauline (née Pope) married in 1898. Their children were Joseph P. Jr., Bernard P., Charles P., and Fairfield P., and Pauline Pope French and Lora Taylor Pope Barrett. The family had two main homes, a city home in Gramercy Park, and the family estate called Pleasant Days in Short Hills, New Jersey. Pleasant Days was later renamed Greenwood Gardens by a subsequent owner and is open to the public. Pauline Day died in 1932 and Joseph P. Day remarried to Louisa Young Cole in 1942.
Day died at Flower Hospital in Manhattan on April 10, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="6913937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913937" title="Hull, Canada">
Hull, Canada



</doc>
<doc id="6913943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913943" title="Commissions of Array">
Commissions of Array



</doc>
<doc id="6913945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913945" title="Hakea myrtoides">
Hakea myrtoides

Hakea myrtoides, commonly known as myrtle hakea, is a shrub endemic to the woodlands of the Darling Range near Perth in Western Australia.
Description.
"Hakea myrtoides" is a ground hugging shrub which may grow to in height and forms a lignotuber. Mauve, pink or crimson flowers grow in clusters in the leaf axils along the arching branchlets in winter and early spring, followed by small ovoid woody seed capsules that are less than in diameter with a short slightly curving beak. The rigid leaves are small, broad-elliptic and myrtle-like (hence "myrtiodes") and are about in length with a prominent mid-vein and tapering to a sharp point. In cultivation the plant in often grafted onto "Hakea salicifolia", which enables it to grow in a wider variety of soil conditions.
Taxonomy and naming.
This species was first formally described by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann in 1845 and the description was published in "Plantae Preissianae". It is named from the genus "Myrtus" - myrtle and from the Greek "oides" - similar to, referring to leaf shape.
Distribution and habitat.
A restricted species growing near Perth with intermittent occurrences north to Victoria Plains, it grows in lateritic sandy clay, granite outcrops and wandoo woodlands. It is an ornamental garden plant good for rockeries and as a ground cover in a well-drained, open, sunny site.
Conservation status.
"Hakea myrtoides" is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="6913948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913948" title="Erskine &quot;Erk&quot; Russell">
Erskine &quot;Erk&quot; Russell



</doc>
<doc id="6913959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913959" title="Toloxatone">
Toloxatone

Toloxatone (Humoryl) is an antidepressant launched in 1984 in France by Sanofi Aventis for the treatment of depression. It was discontinued in 2002. It acts as a selective reversible inhibitor of MAO-A (RIMA).
Synthesis.
The reaction between glycidol (1) and m-toluidine (2) gives 3-m-toluidinopropane-1,2-diol (3). Treatment with diethyl carbonate (4) in the presence of sodium methoxide leads to an intermolecular cycloaddition to give tomoxatone.

</doc>
<doc id="6913963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913963" title="Edna Shavit">
Edna Shavit

Edna Shavit (; 25 April 1935 – 14 June 2015) was an Israeli professor affiliated with the theatre department of Tel Aviv University.
She was married to Yoram Gal between 1994 and 2003. 
In the 1960s, Shavit played Lucky in a local production of "Waiting for Godot" and went on to direct the play in the 1970s. 
Shavit was the director of "You and Me and the Next War", a satirical cabaret by Hanoch Levin, featuring songs set to music by Alex Kagan and Beni Nagari.
In 2006, she was awarded the Levi Prize for life achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="6913969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913969" title="List of the Goodies episodes">
List of the Goodies episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6913970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913970" title="Hedwig's theme">
Hedwig's theme



</doc>
<doc id="6913972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913972" title="Hadi Souan Somayli">
Hadi Souan Somayli



</doc>
<doc id="6913976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913976" title="Kymyz">
Kymyz



</doc>
<doc id="6913977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913977" title="Insubres">
Insubres

The Insubres or Insubri were an ancient Celtic population settled in Insubria, in what is now the Italian region of Lombardy. They were the founders of Mediolanum (Milan). Though completely Gaulish at the time of Roman conquest, they were the result of the fusion of pre-existing Ligurian and Celtic population (Golasecca culture) with Gaulish tribes.
Classical sources.
The Insubres are mentioned by Caecilius Statius, Cicero, Polybius, Livy, Cassius Dio, Pliny the Elder, and Strabo.
Ethnicity of the Insubres.
Polybius called the Insubres the most important Celtic tribe of the Italian peninsula, while according to Livy they were the first to inhabit Cisalpine Gaul, from the 7th century BC.
The Insubres were part of the Golasecca culture, which takes its name from a town near Varese, where Abbot Giovanni Battista Giani made the first findings of about fifty Celtic graves with pottery and metal objects. It is a culture that developed at the end of the Late Bronze Age, between the rivers Po, Serio and Sesia, and which has its counterpart in the Central European Hallstatt culture.
Culture and society.
The Insubres culture followed then what was a slow end of its own evolution. Thanks to the cultural and commercial exchanges with neighboring areas, such as Etruria, Venetia and Transalpine Gaul, the Insubres made some advances and created a distinct society of their own. In the light of archaeological findings it can be also assumed that it was an oligarchic society, where power was in the hands of a few Lords.
History.
The History of the Insubres, like that of other Gauls and of Italic peoples, was written by ancient Roman and Greek writers. Apart from Livy's section on the Gallic Invasion of northern Italy, their writings came in the context of their covering Roman history and concentrated on battles between the Romans and the Insubres and other Gallic tribes in northern Italy.
In 225 BC, the Insubres and the Boii, their Gallic neighbours to the south of the River Po, rebelled against Rome. This was prompted by developments that started in 283 BC, when unspecified Celts besieged Arretium (Arezzo in Tuscany) and defeated a Roman force that came to the aid of the city. The Romans sent envoys to negotiate the release of Roman prisoners, but the envoys were killed.
A Roman army was sent to the ager Gallicus, the name the Romans gave to an area on the Adriatic coast that had been conquered by the Senone Gauls. This army routed a Senone force, occupied their territory, killed most of the Senones and drove the rest out of their land. Afraid that the same fate might occur to them, the neighbouring Boii joined the Etruscans in a rebellion. Their combined force was defeated at the Battle of Lake Vadimo in the same year.
What prompted the Insubres to join the Boii in another rebellion was a law passed in Rome that provided for the subdivision of the ager gallicus into Roman administrative units. This created fears among the Boii and Insubres that the Romans were now fighting wars to exterminate and expel the enemy and annex their territory.
In 225 BC, the Boii and Insubres paid large sums of money to Gaesatae mercenaries led by Aneroëstes and Concolitanus. The Gaesatae were Gauls from Gallia Transalpina, the Roman name for what is now southern France. A force of up to 70,000 men ravaged Etruria. The Gauls encountered Roman forces near Clusium (Chiusi); instead of engaging, they withdrew to Feasulae (Fiesole) at night. They then defeated the Romans at the Battle of Faesulae (225 BC). They were routed by the combined forces of the two Roman consuls, Lucius Aemilius Papus and Gaius Atilius Regulus, at the Battle of Telamon.
After the Battle of Telamon, the Romans attacked and defeated the Boii and forced them to submit to Rome. In 224 BC, the Romans attacked Insubre territory. In 223 BC, the Insubres sued for peace, but the Romans turned this down and attacked them. The Romans were now determined to be in control of Gallia Cisalpina, the Roman name for the area where the Gallic tribes of northern Italy lived.
In 222 BC, the Romans besieged Acerrae, an Insubre fortification on the right bank of the River Adda between Cremona and Laus Pompeia (Lodi Vecchio). The Insubres could not relieve Acerrae because the Romans controlled all the strategic points around it. Therefore, they hired 30,000 Gaesatae mercenaries and, led by Viridomarus (or Britomartus), they besieged Clastidium, an important and strategically well placed town of the Marici, a Ligurian people who were Roman allies, hoping that this would force the Romans to lift their siege.
Instead, the Romans split their forces. The consul Marcus Claudius Marcellus headed for Clastidium and his colleague Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus continued the siege of Acerrae. At the Battle of Clastidium, Marcus Claudius defeated the Gallic forces and killed Viridomarus in single combat. Meanwhile, Gnaeus Cornelius took Acerrae. With the fortress taken and the Insubre king dead, the Romans then easily took the capital of the Insubres, which they named Mediolanum (Milan).
The Insubres surrendered and were forced to become Roman allies. The Romans founded garrisoned colonies at Cremona and Placentia (Piacenza). The former was on the north bank of the River Po and the latter was close to its south bank (in Insubre and Boii territory respectively). This was done to secure the crossing of the river and the gateway to Liguria. They also established a garrison at Mutina (Modena), which was to become a colony in 182 BC.
In 218 BC, the Insubres and the Boii rebelled in anticipation of Hannibal's invasion of Italy in the Second Punic War (218-201 BC). They attacked Cremona and Placentia, forcing the settlers to flee to Mutina, which was besieged. The praetor Lucius Manlius Vulso set off from Ariminum with 20,000 infantry and 1,600 cavalry. He was ambushed twice on the way. He relieved the siege of Mutina, but was in turn besieged nearby. The consul Publius Cornelius Scipio was sent to support him with fresh troops. Meanwhile, Hannibal reached Italy. He defeated Publius Scipio at the Battle of Ticinus, in Insubre territory and the other consul, Tiberius Sempronius Longus, at the Battle of the Trebia, near Placentia.
Hannibal wintered near Placentia and then moved on to central and southern Italy. Some Insubres joined him, among them Ducarius who killed Consul Gaius Flaminius at the Battle of Trasimene (217 BC). We next hear of the Gauls during the Second Punic War in relation to the Battle of the Metaurus (207 BC). Hannibal's brother, Hasdrubal Barca, was bringing reinforcements from Spain for his brother who was in southern Italy. He passed through northern Italy and recruited Gallic soldiers. Hasdrubal's forces, including his Gauls were routed at this battle in central Italy. At this point, Hannibal's campaign in Italy came to a dead end.
After several other clashes, the Insubres made an alliance with Rome in 194 BC, maintaining some autonomy. In 89 BC, they obtained Latin citizenship and, in 49 BC, Roman citizenship. The Romanisation of the Insubres was probably quick owing to the presence of Roman colonies and to Julius Caesar using Mediolanum as a staging post for his conquest of Gaul (58–50 BC). Caecilius Statius (c. 220 BC – c. 166 BC), a Roman comic poet, was born in Insubria, possibly in Mediolanum. He was originally a slave and was probably a war captive who was taken to Rome. Caecilius was the name of his patron, probably a member of the powerful Metelli clan. His work was greatly acclaimed.

</doc>
<doc id="6913980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913980" title="C4 Records">
C4 Records



</doc>
<doc id="6913992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913992" title="Panagiotis Vasilopoulos">
Panagiotis Vasilopoulos

Panagiotis Vasilopoulos, commonly known as Panos Vasilopoulos (alternate spellings: Panayiotis, Vassilopoulos) (Greek: Παναγιώτης "Πάνος" Βασιλόπουλος; born February 8, 1984) is a Greek former professional basketball player who last served as an assistant coach for Peristeri of the Greek Basket League and the Basketball Champions League, under head coach Vassilis Spanoulis. He is 2.05 m (6'8 ") tall. He played at both the small forward and power forward positions.
Early years.
Vasilopoulos was born in Maroussi, Athens, and grew up at his hometown of Ano Samiko Elis.
He started to play basketball with the youth clubs of Ifitos Pyrgou. Later, he transferred to the youth clubs of Iraklis Pyrgou.
Professional career.
PAOK.
Vasilopoulos began his pro career in 2001, with PAOK of the Greek League. He played with PAOK for four seasons, from 2001 to 2005. In the 2005 off season, he transferred from PAOK to joined Olympiacos Piraeus.
Olympiacos.
Vasilopoulos was brought to Olympiacos in 2005, by George Garbolas, on a two-year contract. Garbolas believed in his abilities, and that he could help the team to win championships. On May 20, 2008, he extended his contract with Olympiacos for another 4 years, at a salary of €6 million euros net income. With Olympiacos, he won the EuroLeague and Greek League championships in 2012.
Injury plagued seasons.
On February 8, 2012, Vasilopoulos suffered a season-ending leg injury, just after he had returned from a previous back surgery. He was released by Olympiacos. Vasilopoulos then signed with the Spanish League club Valladolid, in September 2013. He was released by Valladolid in December 2013, after suffering a knee injury.
Comeback from injuries.
After being released by Valladolid in December 2013, Vasilopoulos then signed with the amateur level Greek club Ermis Piraeus, in April 2014. He then returned to play professionally again, in the Greek top-tier level GBL, with Nea Kifissia. Vasilopoulos then moved to the Greek club Koroivos, for the 2015–16 season.
Vasilopoulos next moved to the Greek club Kolossos Rodou, for the 2016–17 season. On July 26, 2017, Vasilopoulos signed with the Greek club Aris Thessaloniki, and played with them in the FIBA Champions League's 2017–18 season.
AEK Athens.
On January 19, 2018, Vasilopoulos moved to AEK Athens, for the rest of the season. With AEK, he won the 2018 Final of the Greek Cup, as well as the FIBA Champions League championship.
Peristeri.
On July 27, 2018, Vasilopoulos signed a 2-year contract with Peristeri of the Greek Basket League, where he eventually became the team captain. He averaged 7.1 points, 3.4 rebounds, 1.9 assists and 1.4 steals per game during the 2019-2020 season. On August 17, 2020, he re-signed with Peristeri. On August 20, 2021, he officially parted ways with the club after three seasons and retired from professional basketball.
In December 2021, Vasilopoulos joined the coaching staff of Milan Tomić in Peristeri. In July 2022, he renewed his contract and stayed on as an assistant to his former national squad and Olympiacos teammate Vassilis Spanoulis. On June 24, 2023, he parted ways with the club.
National team career.
Greek junior national team.
Vasilopoulos played with Greek national junior teams at the 2004 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, and also at the 2005 FIBA Under-21 World Cup. With the Greek junior national teams, he also won the bronze medal at both the 2002 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and at the 2003 FIBA Under-19 World Cup.
Greek senior national team.
Vasilopoulos was a member of the senior men's Greek national basketball team that won the gold medal at the EuroBasket 2005, and the silver medal at the 2006 FIBA World Championship. He also competed with Greece at the EuroBasket 2007, the 2008 Summer Olympics, the 2019 FIBA European World Cup qualification, and the 2019 FIBA World Cup.
Player profile.
Early in his career, Vasilopoulos was compared to the long-time Olympiacos player Georgios Sigalas. He is a player that can play either the small forward or power forward positions, in both offense and defense. He can play in the post on offense, and can also pass well, and has 3 point range on his jump shot. In his playing prime, he was an excellent athlete, and was considered to be one of the best and most tenacious defensive players in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6913994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913994" title="William Dalrymple (1678-1744)">
William Dalrymple (1678-1744)



</doc>
<doc id="6913995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913995" title="Melitracen">
Melitracen

Melitracen (brand names Melixeran, Trausabun) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), for the treatment of depression and anxiety. In addition to single drug preparations, it is also available as Deanxit, marketed by Lundbeck, a combination product containing both melitracen and flupentixol.
The pharmacology of melitracen has not been properly investigated and is largely unknown, but it is likely to act in a similar manner to other TCAs. Indeed, melitracen is reported to have imipramine and amitriptyline-like effects and efficacy against depression and anxiety, though with improved tolerability and a somewhat faster onset of action. 

</doc>
<doc id="6913996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6913996" title="PDM (series of amphibious mines)">
PDM (series of amphibious mines)

The PDM amphibious mines are series of Soviet anti-vehicle mines that could be used on or in beaches, rivers, lakes and shallow coastal waters up to five meters deep.
PDM-1.
The PDM-1 has a hemispherical steel case, which is anchored to a heavy steel base. It is normally deployed in water one or two meters deep, and has a central fixing point for a tilt rod. Two men can lay a single mine in 10 to 20 minutes. The mine uses a VPDM-1M tilt rod fuse with an MD-10 detonator.
PDM-1M.
The PDM-1M is almost identical to the PDM-1 only having a booster charge to ensure detonation.
Bulgarian PDM-1M.
A Bulgarian version of the PDM-1M exists that is substantially developed from the original it uses a plastic cased mine, with a concrete base and a programmable fuse. The fuse can either be of the electro-mechanical tilt rod type, or a magnetic influence fuse. All the fuzes incorporate a 15-minute arming delay. The mine can self-neutralize or self-destruct after a programmed period of between 1 and 45 days.
The mine can be mechanically laid and recovered, and can operate in 0.8 to 2 meters of water.
PDM-2.
The PDM-2 has a spherical case. The mine has a large base plate, which it is fixed to by a pole, and four suspension wires. It uses a VPDM-2 tilt rod fuse, and can be used in water from 2.4 to 3.8 meters deep.
Bulgarian PDM-2M.
The PDM-2M is a Bulgarian mine - it uses a similar fuzing system to the Bulgarian PDM-1M, but incorporates a much larger main charge.
PDM-6.
The PDM-6 is similar to the PDM-1M, except that it fitted with a secondary fuse well for an anti-handling device on the base, as well as three fuse wells on the top for tilt rod fuzes. The tilt fuzes can be set for contact detonation or to trigger once they reach a certain deflection.

</doc>
<doc id="6914001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914001" title="PDM-1 mine">
PDM-1 mine



</doc>
<doc id="6914003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914003" title="William O. Valentine">
William O. Valentine



</doc>
<doc id="6914005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914005" title="Royal Castle, Poznań">
Royal Castle, Poznań

The Royal Castle in Poznań () dates from 1249 and the reign of Przemysł I. Located in the Polish city of Poznań, it was largely destroyed during the Second World War but has since been partly rebuilt.
History and modern view.
Construction of the castle was probably started by Przemysł I in 1249 on hill later called Góra Zamkowa (Castle Mountain, Latin "mons castrenis"), and now better known as Góra Przemysława (Hill of Przemysł (or Przemysław)). The first building was a habitable tower made of bricks with a well inside, and the rest of the hill was surrounded by a rampart with a palisade. A small ducal residence was incorporated into the system of city walls in the late 13th century.
The son of Przemysł I, Przemysł II, hoping for reunification of Poland under his rule decided to build a larger castle, more proper for a king. In 1295 Przemysł became king of Poland, but he was assassinated a year later. The castle was not finished. Work started by Przemysł was continued by a branch of the Piasts from Głogów ruling in Greater Poland, and finished before 1337. The castle served as the residence of Prince Casimir, then-governor of Greater Poland.
In 1337, the Royal Castle in Poznań was the largest castle in the Polish Kingdom, modelled after the palace of Henry I the Bearded in Legnica. The castle consisted of a tower built by Przemysł I and a huge building (63,0 m x 17,5 m) with three levels and a basement. It is uncertain whether the castle's characteristic roof, consisting of four parts, existed at that time.
Basements served as prisons and for storage of wines, and on the ground floor there were charring rooms. Those two floors were covered by vaults. Two higher floors probably had wooden ceilings. On the edges of first floor were representative chambers, and between them were habitual rooms. The whole second floor was occupied by a chamber for 2000 guests. On the south end of the large building was a defense tower. Since the reign of Władysław I the Elbow-high the castle served as the residence of "starosta generalny" of Greater Poland. Later only one king, Władysław II Jagiełło, ordered some minor work in castle.
During the fire of Poznań in 1536 the castle also burned. It was rebuilt in the Renaissance style by the governor of Greater Poland, Andrzej II Górka. In the next years the oldest part of castle was transformed into a kitchen. The castle was later destroyed during the Swedish invasion, sacked in 1704 by the armies of Russia and Saxony during Great Northern War, and in 1716 during Confederation of Tarnogród by the confederates. The castle was partially renovated in 1721, but it didn't stop the devastation. The last "starosta generalny", Kazimierz Raczyński, rebuilt the remains of the medieval buildings into an archive (finished in 1783). In 1804, after the Second Partition of Poland, the Prussians demolished the southern part of the castle, replacing it by buildings which, together with Raczyński's archive served as the office of the local "Regierungsbezirk". Later on the castle was also as a seat of the Court of Appeals and the State Archive (the castle served as an archive until 1939). During the battle for the Poznań Citadel, in February 1945, Przemysł Hill was in line of artillery fire, and the remaining part of the castle was demolished.
In the years 1959–1964 Raczyński's archive and part of Prussian building were rebuilt, and on base of the oldest tower stands a small pavilion called the Royal Kitchen (Kuchnia Królewska). Today the Castle holds a Museum of Utilitary Art (Muzeum Sztuki Użytkowej).
On 22 April 2002, a committee for rebuilding of the castle was founded. Still extant from previous construction are two-meter-wide supports from the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, the inner walls of the basement and the western wall (up to 10 meters high) from the same period, and a slightly newer eastern wall (up to 7 or 8 meters high), now integrated into Raczyński's Building. On the surviving part of the castle are three plaques: the foundation plaque of Kazimierz Raczyński from 1783, one from 1993 marking the five-hundredth anniversary of homage of Grand Master of the Teutonic Order, Johann von Tiefen, and another plaque commemorating the seven-hundredth anniversary of the coronation of Przemysł II.
On 20 December 2010, work began on the total reconstruction of the demolished parts of the castle, and meticulous restoration of the surviving buildings.
Legends.
According to legend, Przemysł Hill was created by dark powers. When Mieszko I was baptized, the Devil, angry, decided to sink the entire city of Poznań. He pulled out one of the hills near Gniezno, and, with a group of demons, tried to block the flow of the Warta. However, the evil forces started to celebrate their victory too early; their noisy behavior awoke the roosters, which began to crow. The devil and his demons were so scared that they left the hill on the bank of the Warta.
Another legend is connected with the mysterious murder of Ludgarda, wife of Przemysł II of Poland, probably strangled by servants in the bath or in her bedroom on 14 December 1283. The Duke was connected with this murder because the Duchess could not give him a son. The Foundation of the Female Monastery of Dominicans in Poznań, created near the end of 1238, was said to be Przemysł's reconciliation for this act. However, contemporary chronicles mention only unclear circumstances of Ludgarda's death. The first clear connection of Przemysł and this assassination is mentioned in the Chronicle of Oliwa, which is from the 14th century, and the chronicle of Ernst von Kirchberg, which dates to approximately 1370. Jan Długosz, in his chronicles, writes only about the fact that people were talking about this connection.
It has also been said that ghost of Ludgarda, seen as a White Lady, walked in the chambers and on the walls of the Royal Castle; under the walls was seen the Black Knight, who cried for the Duchess at her funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="6914006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914006" title="PDM-1M mine">
PDM-1M mine



</doc>
<doc id="6914018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914018" title="Battle Royal (boxing)">
Battle Royal (boxing)



</doc>
<doc id="6914019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914019" title="PDM-2 mine">
PDM-2 mine



</doc>
<doc id="6914020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914020" title="Eresburg">
Eresburg

The Eresburg is the largest, well-known (Old) Saxon refuge castle ("Volksburg") and was located in the area of the present German village of Obermarsberg in the borough of Marsberg in the county of Hochsauerlandkreis. It was a hill castle built on the plateau of a low table hill, known as the "Eresberg", at a height of 130–150 metres above the Diemel, a tributary of the Weser, in the extreme south of the Saxon Gau of Engern on the border with the Duchy of Franconia.
History.
There is evidence that indicates the hill was settled even in prehistoric times. Pieces of pottery from the Michelsberg culture have also been found here. Excavations in the vicinity of the present-day collegiate church have revealed traces of ditches, ramparts and posts. Radio carbon dating points to their origin in the pre-Roman Iron Age. In addition the wooden posts were made from trees that can be dated to between 420 and 370 B.C.
Earlier research viewed the Eresburg as a border castle of the Cherusci tribe and a fortress of Prince Segestes, who was supposed to have held his daughter, Thusnelda, prisoner here. However, there are no records supporting that theory.
Thanks to its favourable position on the border, the castle was repeatedly attacked and hard fought for before being conquered in 772 A.D. during the Saxon Wars by the Frankish king, Charlemagne. Charlemagne had the Irminsul, a pagan religious site here or in the vicinity, destroyed. In 779, he charged the Fulda abbot, Sturmius, with mission service in this area and directed him to this location. As early as 784/785 Charlemagne overwintered at Eresburg and had a church built, probably on the site of the former Saxon temple. Pope Leo III is supposed to have stayed at the Eresburg in 799 on his way to Paderborn. In 915 there was a bloody feud at the Eresburg between the Saxon Duke Henry the Fowler and the East Francian king, Conrad. The Bishop of Paderborn, Theoderic is also supposed to have participated personally in the battle. Also in 915 at Eresburg the invading Hungarians defeated a German army.
Eresburg as site of the Irminsul.
Eresburg may have been the site of the Irminsul, a sort of pillar or tree, and one of the chief pagan religious sites of the Saxons. The wording of the "Royal Frankish Annals" in 772 suggests that the Irminsul might have been located either at the Eresburg itself or in the near vicinity. The "Annales Petaviani" states: "He conquered the Eresburg and found the place which is called Ermensul, and set these places on fire." On the one hand, therefore, Charlemagne captured the Eresburg and, on the other, "pervenit ad locum, qui dicitur Ermensul", i. e. he found the site that was called Irminsul. The writer calls the site of the Eresburg, "Erisburgo", i.e. not "Ermensula". The third part of the sentence runs "et succendit ea loca", i. e. he set "these places" (plural) on fire, possibly implying that Charlemagne moved on from the Eresburg to the Irminsul.
According to other sources, Charlemagne stayed near the Bullerborn, an intermittent spring near Altenbeken, before he conquered and destroyed the Irminsul site in the days that followed.
The question over the location of the Irminsul is however, probably, misleading; because there may have been several of them.

</doc>
<doc id="6914026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914026" title="Principal Flutie (Buffyverse)">
Principal Flutie (Buffyverse)



</doc>
<doc id="6914029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914029" title="PDM-6 mine">
PDM-6 mine



</doc>
<doc id="6914048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914048" title="Cord (band)">
Cord (band)

Cord (often written as C/O/R/D) are an English band from Norfolk, England. Originally signed by Island Records on a five-album deal they were released from their contract in March 2007. The band's song "Go Either Way" is featured on the soundtrack for EA's video game "Madden NFL 07". Also, the song "Sea of Trouble" was featured in the NME Essential Bands 2007. Their song "Winter" reached the Top 40 in the UK Singles Chart.
The band split in 2008, however reformed in 2010 and released their second album, "Later Is Better for Me, If That's Okay?", in 2011 on the NRone record label.

</doc>
<doc id="6914053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914053" title="KOZN">
KOZN

KOZN (1620 AM) is a sports station licensed to Bellevue, Nebraska, and serving the Omaha metropolitan area. It is owned by NRG Media, with studios at Dodge Street and 50th Avenue in Midtown Omaha. It airs a sports radio format.
By day, KOZN is powered at 10,000 watts non-directional. But at night, to avoid interfering with other stations on 1620 AM, it reduces power to 1,000 watts. The transmitter site is on Harrison Street at South 60th Street in Bellevue, Nebraska.
Programming.
KOZN has local sports programming Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Weekdays begin with "Mornings with Sharp and Handley" followed by "The Connor Happer Show" in middays, "Unsportsmanlike Conduct", hosted by John Bishop and Josh Peterson, in afternoon drive time, and "After Hours with Jimmie Allen" in early evenings. Other local shows include"The Creighton Athletics Hour" hosted by Jimmie Allen, "Severe Reaction with Mike'l Severe", and pre and postgame shows for Nebraska Cornhuskers football and Creighton University basketball and baseball.
NRG Media owns two sports stations in the Omaha radio market: KOZN 1620 and KZOT 1180. KOZN features mostly local sports talk shows with Fox Sports Radio heard late nights and weekends. KZOT airs mostly CBS Sports Radio programming. KOZN carries Westwood One NFL Football and NCAA Basketball, as well as some Kansas City Royals baseball games. KOZN originates and produces all game broadcasts of the NCAA Men's College World Series, held each June in Omaha, and distributed nationally by Westwood One. Play by play is provided by eight-time Nebraska Sportscaster of the Year Kevin Kugler.
History.
KOZN originated as the AM expanded band "twin" of an existing station on the standard AM dial. On March 17, 1997 the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that 88 stations had been given permission to move to newly available "Expanded Band" transmitting frequencies, ranging from 1610 to 1700 kHz. KOIL (now KZOT) in Bellevue was authorized to move from 1180 to 1620 kHz. An application to construct the expanded band station, also located in Bellevue, was filed by Mitchell Broadcasting on June 16, 1997, which was assigned the call letters KAZP on January 9, 1998. This station on 1620 AM began broadcasting September 1999, and its call letters were changed to KOZN on October 3, 2001.
The FCC's initial policy was that both the original station and its expanded band counterpart could operate simultaneously for up to five years, after which owners would have to turn in one of the two licenses, depending on whether they preferred the new assignment or elected to remain on the original frequency. However, this deadline has been extended multiple times, and broadcasting on both 1180 and 1620 kHz has remained authorized. One restriction is that the FCC has generally required paired original and expanded band stations to remain under common ownership.
The original morning team of John Desjardins and Mike Steele, aka "Louie &amp; The Animal" was called "The Cage". It was replaced by the Bruno-Golic Morning Show when the station debuted the ESPN Radio full-time lineup. "Unsportsmanlike Conduct" began with Kevin Kugler and Bob Bruce in 2000, and has been on the air continually since. As of February 1, 2011, 1620 The Zone discontinued its affiliation with ESPN Radio, switching to Fox Sports Radio. ESPN programming is now heard nights and weekends on KXSP 590 AM in Omaha.

</doc>
<doc id="6914056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914056" title="Mihály Tóth (footballer, born 1926)">
Mihály Tóth (footballer, born 1926)

Mihály Tóth (born Mihalj Tot - Михаљ Тот - in Bezdan, Kingdom of SCS, 14 September 1926 – Budapest, Hungary, 7 March 1990), was a Hungarian football player during the 1950s and early 1960s. He played for Újpesti Dózsa as a left winger and helped the club win the Nemzeti Bajnokság I in 1959/60. During his time the club was also known as "Újpest TE" and "Budapest Dózsa".
Between 1949 and 1957, Tóth played 6 times for Hungary and scored one goal in the process. The fringe member of the "Mighty Magyars" also took part in the 1954 World Cup, and played in both the infamous "Battle of Berne" quarter final against Brazil and in the final against Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="6914058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914058" title="Michèle Girardon">
Michèle Girardon

Michèle Girardon (9 August 1938 – 25 March 1975), sometimes credited as Michele Girardon, was a French actress.
Career.
Born in Lyon, France, Girardon began acting as early as 1956, and had a small but noticeable role as a deaf-mute beauty in director Luis Buñuel's "La mort en ce jardin (Death in the Garden)" (1956). She soon became prominent in a host of films, including those of notable directors of the French New Wave. She is probably best known as an actress for her work in director Louis Malle's "Les Amants (The Lovers)" in 1958, and the 1961 Howard Hawks production of "Hatari!" starring John Wayne and Hardy Krüger; for the latter, as she spoke no English when cast in the role, she taught herself English while on the set, according to a July 1961 "Life" magazine profile of the actress.
The same article stated she was signed to a five–year contract with Paramount Studios. 1963 proved to be her most active year, with several avant garde films to her credit including Pierre Kast's "Vacances Portugaises (Portuguese Vacations)", André Cayatte's experimental 'paired' films "Jean-Marc ou La vie conjugale (Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc)", and "Françoise ou La vie conjugale (Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise)", and director Éric Rohmer's "La Boulangère de Monceau (The Girl at the Monceau Bakery)".
Girardon also worked in television. In 1967, she played Nicole in the first season of "Les Chevaliers du ciel". The success of this series brought her a very high level of popularity.
Love and suicide.
During the 1960s, Girardon became romantically involved with a married Spanish nobleman and occasional actor, José Luis de Vilallonga, whom she had first met on the set of "Les Amants". The couple lived together throughout much of the 1960s.
By 1971, Girardon's acting career was over and after finally obtaining his divorce in 1972, de Vilallonga ended their relationship to marry another woman, Ursula Dietrich. Girardon never married or had children and became increasingly despondent. She committed suicide via an overdose of sleeping pills at the age of 36 in Lyon on 25 March 1975. She is interred near Lyon in the Cimetière de Sarcey, Rhône..

</doc>
<doc id="6914070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914070" title="Chera Empire">
Chera Empire



</doc>
<doc id="6914071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914071" title="Myrtle Hakea">
Myrtle Hakea



</doc>
<doc id="6914073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914073" title="Pierzchowice">
Pierzchowice

Pierzchowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mikołajki Pomorskie, south-east of Sztum, and south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.
History.
Pierzchowice was a royal village of the Kingdom of Poland, administratively located in the Malbork Voivodeship.
In 1891, a Polish bank was founded in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="6914078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914078" title="Saktan Tampuran">
Saktan Tampuran



</doc>
<doc id="6914080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914080" title="Winnogóra">
Winnogóra

Winnogóra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="6914081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914081" title="Michele Girardon">
Michele Girardon



</doc>
<doc id="6914082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914082" title="Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana">
Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana

The Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana (English: Universal Rural Employment Programme) was a scheme launched by the Government of India to gain the objective of providing gainful employment for the rural poor. From 21 February 2003, EAS became an allocation-based scheme. The programme was implemented through the Panchayati Raj institutions.
The Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana was launched on 25 September 2001 by merging the provisions of Employment Assurance Scheme (EAS) and Jawahar Gram Samridhi Yojana (JGSY). The programme is self-targeting in nature and aims to provide employment and food to people in rural areas who lived below the poverty line.
Origin.
Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana is a combination of the provisions under the Employment Assurance Scheme (EAS) and Jawahar Gram Samridhi Yojana (JGSY).
The Food For Work Programme was restructured and renamed as the National Rural Employment Programme in October 1980 by the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and it became a regular Programme from April 1981. The Programme was launched during the India's Sixth Five-Year Plan. It aims for the implementation of additional employment to under-employed persons on a Central-state contribution ratio of 50:50. In 1989, NREP was merged with Jawahar Rozgar Yojana.
Jawahar Rozgar Yojana (JRY) was launched on 1 April 1989 by merging National Rural Employment Programme and Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme by Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. The urban version of this program was Nehru Rozgar Yojana.
This was a consolidation of the previous employment programs and it was largest National Employment Program of India at that time with a general objective of providing 90-100 Days Employment per person particularly in backward districts. People below Poverty Line were main targets. The Yojna was implemented on rural scale. Every village was to be covered through Panchayati Raj Institutions. The village got aide and support from District Rural Development Authority. Expenditures were born by central &amp; state in 80:20 ratios.
Since 1993-94 the Yojna was made more targets oriented and expanded substantially through increased budgetary allocations. It was divided into 3 streams.
First Stream: Comprising general works under JRY and also two sub schemes Indira Awas Yojana and Million Wells Scheme. This stream got 75% of the total allocation. In New Delhi Awas Yojna the allocation was increased from 6% to 10% and in Million Wells Scheme from 20% to 30% during that period.
Second Stream: This was also called intensified JRY and was implemented in selected 120 backward districts. It got 20% allocation.
Third Stream: This was left with 5% allocation for Innovative programs which included Prevention of labor migration, drought proofing watershed etc. programs.
Since 1 April 1999 this Yojna was replaced by Jawahar Gram samridhi Yojna. Later from 25 September 2001, Jawahar Gram Samridhi Yojna was merged with Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana.
Jawahar Gram Samriddhi Yojana.
The Jawahar Gram Samridhi Yojana, named after India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru aimed at creating a need-based rural infrastructure. This programmes have contributed a great deal towards alleviating rural poverty. In 2001, the Food for Work Programme was initiated to meet demands for wage employment and food grain requirements.
The scheme was formerly known as Jawahar Rozgar Yojana (JRY) which was launched in 1989 by merging two wage employment programmes: Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana and Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme (RLEGP). It was the single largest wage employment programme implemented through Panchayat Raj institutions.
Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme.
The Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme (RLEGP) was launched on 15 August 1983 by Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi during the Sixth Five-Year Plan. The entire expenditure of this Programme was financed by Central Government. While most of the objectives and stipulations under this were similar to those of National Rural Employment Programme (NREP), it was to be limited only to the landless, with guaranteed employment of 100 days. Moreover, there was earmarking of funds specifically for certain activities- 25 per cent for social forestry, 10 per cent for works benefitting only the Scheduled Castes / Scheduled Tribes and 20 per cent for housing under Indira Awaas Yojana. In the Seventh Plan, Rs.2412 crores were spent and 115 crore man days were generated with an average expenditure of Rs.21.00 per man day. Only 16 per cent had been spent on social forestry but 22 per cent had been spent on housing,- with over five lakh houses created for SC/ST and freed bonded labourers. Rural roads accounted for 22 per cent while other construction, minor irrigation, soil conservation etc. Each had a small share.
In 1989 this programme was merged with Jawahar Rozgar Yojana.
Employment Assurance Scheme.
EAS was first implemented on 2 October 1993 in 1,778 blocks located in the rough, rugged, sparsely populated areas of the country.
Announcement of SGRY.
Finally, on 15 August 2001, the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee announced a new wage employment programme, the Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana. The scheme was subsequently launched on 25 September 2001.
Provisions.
The scheme has special provisions for women, scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and parents of children withdrawn from hazardous occupations. While preference if given to families below the poverty line, people who live above the poverty line too are eligible under this scheme.
A budget of Rs. 10,000 crore has been allocated for the scheme, which includes provision of 50 lakh tonnes of food grains. Again the investment is shared between the centre and the states in the 75–25 ratio. Food grains are, however, provided free of cost by the Central government, but the cost of transportation should be borne by the states.
Despite the fact that EAS and JGSY were unified, funds were allocated separately for EAS and JGSY for the year 2001–02. This was done for the convenience of implementation and accounting. However, from the fiscal year 2002–03 onwards, unified budgets were adopted for both EAS and JGSY.
Implementation.
The programme is implemented by the District Panchayats, Intermediate Panchayats and Gram Panchayats. The resources are allocated in the 20–30–50 ratio.
The Gram Panchayats commence their work based on the approval of the Gram Sabha. 50 percent of the funds for the Gram Panchayats are used for the development of infrastructure in SC/ST dominated areas. 22.5 percent of the funds allocated to District and Intermediate Panchayats are also used for the development of individuals belonging to SC/ST communities.
The employment of contractors or middlemen are not permitted under this scheme. However... this scheme was subsumed in NREGP which has been initiated since 2 February 2006.
Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="6914083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914083" title="Lateral nasal branch of facial artery">
Lateral nasal branch of facial artery

The lateral nasal branch of facial artery (lateral nasal artery) is derived from the facial artery as that vessel ascends along the side of the nose.
Supplies.
It supplies the ala and dorsum of the nose, anastomosing with its fellow, with the septal and alar branches, with the dorsal nasal branch of the ophthalmic artery, and with the infraorbital branch of the internal maxillary.
If the posterior lateral nasal artery is superficial in the nasal wall, a laceration may occur during an aggressive curettage. A sinus floor elevation procedure requires a separation and elevation of the sinus lining with subsequent introduction of space maintaining graft material. During the lining elevation this artery may be cut in the osseous nasal wall.

</doc>
<doc id="6914086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914086" title="Lateral nasal branch">
Lateral nasal branch



</doc>
<doc id="6914088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914088" title="Ritsumeikan">
Ritsumeikan



</doc>
<doc id="6914089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914089" title="Marcia Angell">
Marcia Angell

Marcia Angell (; born April 20, 1939) is an American physician, author, and the first woman to serve as editor-in-chief of "The New England Journal of Medicine". She is currently a Senior Lecturer in the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts.
Biography.
After completing undergraduate studies in chemistry and mathematics at James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia, Angell spent a year as a Fulbright Scholar studying microbiology in Frankfurt, Germany. After receiving her M.D. from Boston University School of Medicine in 1967, Angell trained in both internal medicine and anatomic pathology and is a board-certified pathologist.
Angell is a frequent contributor to medical journals as well as in the popular media, where she has offered her perspective on topics including medical ethics, health policy, psychiatry, the opioid epidemic, the nature of medical evidence, the interface of medicine and the law, and end-of-life healthcare. Her book, "Science on Trial: The Clash of Medical Evidence and the Law in the Breast Implant Case" (1996), received critical acclaim. With Stanley Robbins, and later with Vinay Kumar, she co-authored the first three editions of the textbook "Basic Pathology". She has written chapters in several books dealing with ethical issues in medicine and healthcare.
Angell is a member of the Association of American Physicians, the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, the Alpha Omega Alpha National Honor Medical Society, and is a Master of the American College of Physicians. She is also a fellow of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal and is an outspoken critic of medical quackery and the promotion of alternative medicine.
"New England Journal of Medicine" tenure.
Angell joined the editorial staff of "The New England Journal of Medicine" (NEJM) in 1979. She became Executive Editor in 1988, and served as interim Editor-in-Chief from 1999 until June 2000. The NEJM is the oldest continuously published medical journal, and one of the most prestigious; Angell is the first woman to have served as Editor-in-Chief of the journal since it was founded in 1812.
In 1999, Jerome P. Kassirer, M.D. resigned as NEJM's Editor-in-Chief following a dispute with the journal's publisher, the Massachusetts Medical Society, over its plan to use the journal's name to brand and market other sources of healthcare information. Angell agreed to serve as interim Editor-in-Chief until a permanent editor was chosen. She reached an agreement with the Society that the Editor-in-Chief would have authority over usage of the journal's name and logo, and that the journal's name would not be used on other products. She was a finalist for the permanent post of Editor-in-Chief, but withdrew as a candidate explaining that she was retiring to write a book on alternative medicine. Angell retired from the journal in June 2000 and was replaced by Jeffrey Drazen, M.D.
Positions.
Criticism of conflicts of interest and biases in the medical establishment.
In her 2009 article "Drug Companies &amp; Doctors: A Story of Corruption", published in "The New York Review of Books" (NYRB) magazine, Angell wrote:
Criticism of the Food and Drug Administration.
Commenting on the 1992 Prescription Drug User Fee Act which allowed the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to collect fees from drug manufacturers to fund the new drug approval process, Angell has stated :
Criticism of U.S. healthcare system.
Angell has long been a critic of the U.S. healthcare system, claiming that the system is in serious crisis. In a PBS special in 2000, she stated: "If we had set out to design the worst system that we could imagine, we couldn't have imagined one as bad as we have." In the PBS interview, she urged the nation to scrap its failing healthcare system and start over:
She later reiterated these points in an NYRB review of Steven Brill's book "America's Bitter Pill" (2015) about the passage of the Affordable Care Act: "his description of our dysfunctional health system is dead-on. He shows in all its horror how the way we distribute health care like a market commodity instead of a social good has produced the most expensive, inequitable, and wasteful health system in the world."
Criticism of the pharmaceutical industry.
Angell is a critic of the pharmaceutical industry. In a 2002 "New Republic" article, she and Arnold S. Relman argued that drug companies exaggerated their R&amp;D costs in order to justify their large profits: "The few drugs that are truly innovative have usually been based on taxpayer-supported research done in nonprofit academic medical centers or at the National Institutes of Health. In fact, many drugs now sold by drug companies were licensed to them by academic medical centers or small biotechnology companies." At the time, the pharmaceutical industry estimated that each new drug cost $800 million to develop and bring to market, but Angell and Relman estimated that the cost was closer to $100 million. She continued her inquiry into industry practices, eventually authoring the book "The Truth About the Drug Companies: How They Deceive Us and What to Do About It" (2004), with the following excerpt published in The New York Review of Books:
Richard Friedman, director of the psychopharmacology clinic at Weill Cornell Medical College, and a regular contributor to "The New York Times" science pages, criticized Angell's views as one-sided: "Dr. Angell is now doing pretty much the same thing the industry she assails has done, just the converse. Pharma withheld the bad news about its drugs and touted the positive results; Dr. Angell ignores positive data that conflicts with her cherished theory and reports the negative results.”
Views on alternative medicine.
Marcia Angell is also a critic of the current categorization of alternative medicine. In a 1998 NEJM editorial, she and Jerome Kassirer asserted:
Awards and honors.
In 1997, "Time magazine" named Marcia Angell one of the 25 most influential Americans for that year.

</doc>
<doc id="6914090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914090" title="Ritsumeikan Daigaku">
Ritsumeikan Daigaku



</doc>
<doc id="6914094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914094" title="Lateral nasal branches">
Lateral nasal branches



</doc>
<doc id="6914096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914096" title="Andover Workhouse scandal">
Andover Workhouse scandal



</doc>
<doc id="6914098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914098" title="Programme for the Universalisation of Elementary Education">
Programme for the Universalisation of Elementary Education



</doc>
<doc id="6914100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914100" title="Druggies">
Druggies



</doc>
<doc id="6914108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914108" title="Justine Cooper (Buffyverse)">
Justine Cooper (Buffyverse)



</doc>
<doc id="6914110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914110" title="Yasuni">
Yasuni

Yasuni can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="6914115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914115" title="Tomato (mobile phone operator)">
Tomato (mobile phone operator)

Tomato is a brand in Croatian mobile communications market owned by A1. It has its own numeration (starting with +385 92) and it is primarily a prepaid product. It functions as a mobile virtual network operator.
Tomato offers 2G (GSM), 3G (HSPA+), 4G (LTE) and 5G voice, text and data services. It was launched in June 2006 and advertised as a cheap network, coinciding with the deployment of the Tele2 network which had the same marketing strategy.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6914124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914124" title="Owen Da Gama">
Owen Da Gama

Owen Da Gama (born 18 August 1961) is a South African former footballer and manager, who currently manages South African side Magesi.
Playing career.
Born in Volksrust, Da Gama began his playing career with Arcadia Shepherds F.C. Juniors u15, Colchester United (NPSL), Pretoria Callies and Dynamos where he moved to with Pretoria Callies Danish coach, the late Kai Johansson. Johansson and Dan Manuel arranged for trials at Belgian club Beerschot in 1985, where he signed a three-year deal.
Soon after, he was loaned out to League of Ireland team Derry City for the 1985–86 season. During his time at Derry City, he won the League of Ireland First Division Shield where he scored a hat trick in the final and the League of Ireland First Division where he was top goal scorer of the club and league. Da Gama was also named the "PFAI First Division Player of the Year" for the 1985–86 season and made a permanent move. Da Gama was the only player in Ireland with his own Fan Club.
He was than snapped up in 1989 by Spanish First Division Club Figueres. He was refused a work permit due to the Sports Embargo by the Spanish government on all South Africans. Da Gama was lured back to South Africa by the wealthy club owner Errol Hughes of Leeds United as player/coach where Leeds escaped relegation and went on to the BOBSAVE semi finals against Orlando Pirates in 1989 which Leeds lost on penalties.
At the end of that season Da Gama was signed by Moroka Swallows a move orchestrated by Abdul Bhamjee and David Pine Chabeli. He scored two goals and assisted in two more in a 5–1 victory against Mamelodi Sundowns in the 1989 Bob Save Super Bowl final replay and was named as Player of the Series. Swallows went on to win the Top Eight the following season as well as retaining the Bob Save Super Bowl in 1990. Some references being made as the best Swallows team ever.
Da Gama ended his playing career due to a serious knee injury while with Dynamos with whom he won the JPS Cup in 1990.
Coaching career.
Da Gama began coaching at his former club Dynamos with whom he had two spells. Firstly in 1992 under a Venda-based Consortium he took the club from second bottom position to finish third on the log. His second spell was with the new owner Peter Rabali when the club won promotion to the Premier Soccer League in 1996. He moved to Silver Stars in 1998, guiding them to promotion from the Vodacom League to the National First Division at the first attempt. He was forced to leave the club at the end of that season in order to attend to his IT business in Pretoria. During this time, he coached and co-owned PSM Parkhurst in the Vodacom League and the club finished second on the log and formed part of the new Gauteng Vodacom League.
In 2000, Da Gama rejoined Silver Stars for a second spell, with the team choosing to train in Johannesburg and only travel to Venda for their matches. Under his management, the team won 9 of their 11 matches and avoided relegation from the National First Division. In the 2003 ABSA Cup, Silver Stars famously beat Orlando Pirates 2–0 in the second-round before losing to Jomo Cosmos in the quarter-finals. Silver Stars achieved promotion to the Premier Soccer League at the end of the 2002–03 season. The club achieved an 11th-place finish in their debut campaign in the PSL and reached the Coca-Cola Cup Final, losing 2–0 to Kaizer Chiefs. He was named as "PSL Coach of the Season" at the end of the 2005–06 season. Da Gama led Silver Stars to victory in the 2006 Telkom Knockout Cup with Simba Marumo scoring a first-half hat-trick in a 3–1 win against Ajax Cape Town at the Atteridgeville Super Stadium. In the 2006–07 season, Silver Stars finished 2nd in the league and managed to achieve a place in the 2008 CAF Champions League.
In September 2007, he replaced Bibey Mutombo as the head coach of Orlando Pirates after 6 games of the season and the team at the bottom of the league standings. After only eight months in charge have taken over The "Buccaneers" ended Da Gama's only season in charge in 8th place - Da Gama quit the club in June 2008. He joined Free State Stars Da Gama joins Free State Stars as Director of Coaching and briefly takes over as stand in coach after David Duncan was fired. Da Gama resigned in October 2008. He joined Bloemfontein Celtic in December 2008, with the club in last place on the table and managed to help the team from bottom of the log to finish 14th in the 2008–09 season, avoiding the relegation play-offs thanks to goal difference. Da Gama led them to an improvement in the following season as they finished 6th. He left the club in July 2010.
Da Gama rejoined Platinum Stars in August 2010. He guided the team to a 10th-place finish in the 2010–11 season after the club had ended the previous season in 14th position, during a crucial rebuilding phase with a budget cut of more than 40 percent.Da Gama joined Dynamos in November 2012 with the club winless after 6 matches and at the bottom of the National First Division log. He started by getting their first league win away to Santos (Cape Town) 1–0 and an impressive Cup win over log leaders Mpumalanga Black Aces 3–1, but left the club after only four months, in March 2013 with still 15 matches to play. 
He later became the head coach of [[Highlands Park F.C.and took over the club after 5 matches in the NFD. Highlands Park had lost the last three matches. Da Gama went unbeaten in the remaining 25 league matches, breaking several records. Most matches won, most points, most goals scored, least matches lost as well as best goal difference. After winning promotion to the PSL, Da Gama took Highlands Park to a Top 8 finish and the following season to the Top 8 Final, losing 1-0 to SuperSport United. Highlands Park was sold to Tim Sukazi and renamed TS Galaxy. Da Gama later joined TS Galaxy languishing at the bottom of the log. He amassed 18 points in a short space of time and lost out a Top 8 position on goal difference to Bloemfontein Celtics. Da Gama joined Sekhukhune as Co Coach to Macdonald Makhubedu on a short stint with 5 matches remaining. May [[Highlands Park]].
Style of play.
Da Gama played as a [[striker (association football)|striker]].
Honours.
BoBsave Champions Moroka Swallows 1998
Rothmans Cup winner Moroka Swallows 1989
External links.
[[Category:1961 births]]
[[Category:Living people]]
[[Category:People from Pixley ka Seme Local Municipality]]
[[Category:White South African people]]
[[Category:South African people of Portuguese descent]]
[[Category:Sportspeople of Portuguese descent]]
[[Category:South African men's soccer players]]
[[Category:South African expatriate men's soccer players]]
[[Category:South African soccer managers]]
[[Category:Men's association football forwards]]
[[Category:Derry City F.C. players]]
[[Category:League of Ireland players]]
[[Category:Expatriate men's association footballers in the Republic of Ireland]]
[[Category:South African expatriate sportspeople in Ireland]]
[[Category:Moroka Swallows F.C. players]]
[[Category:K. Beerschot V.A.C. players]]
[[Category:Belgian Pro League players]]
[[Category:Orlando Pirates F.C. managers]]
[[Category:Platinum Stars F.C. managers]]
[[Category:Free State Stars F.C. managers]]
[[Category:Expatriate men's footballers in Belgium]]
[[Category:South African expatriate sportspeople in Belgium]]
[[Category:Dynamos F.C. (South Africa) players]]
[[Category:Dynamos F.C. (South Africa) managers]]
[[Category:Pretoria Callies F.C. players]]
[[Category:20th-century South African sportsmen]]

</doc>
<doc id="6914125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914125" title="Pirata (Litfiba album)">
Pirata (Litfiba album)



</doc>
<doc id="6914127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914127" title="Danish Abad">
Danish Abad

Danish Abad (Urdu: دانش آباد), literally "town of intellect", is a suburb town of Peshawar, the capital city of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan. It was named after the first settlers in the locality.
History.
Previously, the area consisted of cultivated fields. Before the 1930s the locality had been called "Khru Sku" which translates to "eat and drink" in Pashto, an indication to the fact that the residents were poor farmers who only had farming as a means of self-sustenance. However, the suburb grew in importance with the building of the nearby University of Peshawar, Islamia College, The University Public School, The University Model School, Islamia Collegiate School, Khyber Medical College, Khyber Teaching Hospital, University of Agriculture (Peshawar), Academy for Rural Development (PARD) and many other important academic, social, economic and commercial venues. It is because of these that Danish Abad today is famously called the Junction Town. Today it is a modern suburban town with well-lit roads and paved streets.
Streets.
The town is mapped out in streets starting from street "A" to street "M". On a north–south direction, street R is northernmost representing the front of Danish Abad; "R" here indicates the Railway Line which it borders. This is the famous Peshawar Landi Kotal Line that passes through the world-famous Khyber Pass. The southernmost part of the town is separated from the rest by the River Kabul Canal and its Canal Road. The easternmost part neighbors with the Pakistan Academy for Rural and Urban Development. The westernmost part borders with Akbar Town, which was previously part of Danish Abad but has now been separated.
Demography.
According to a recent survey the town consists of about 28,000 people. The town has its own Nazim and Naib Nazims.
Many residents belong to famous parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; a large number reside in Lund Khwar, Mardan, Charsadda, Swabi, Parachinar, Hangu, Kohat, Karak, Bannu and Regi Model Town.

</doc>
<doc id="6914131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914131" title="Śukasaptati">
Śukasaptati

Śukasaptati, or "Seventy tales of the parrot", is a collection of stories originally written in Sanskrit. The stories are supposed to be narrated to a woman by her pet parrot, at the rate of one story every night, in order to dissuade her from going out to meet her paramour when her husband is away.
The stories frequently deal with illicit liaisons, the problems that flow from them and the way to escape those crises by using one's wits. Though the actual purpose of the parrot is to prevent its mistress from leaving, it does so without moralising. At the end of the seventy days, the woman's husband returns from his trip abroad and all is forgiven. Most of the stories are ribald and uninhibited, with some verging on the pornographic. The situations depicted in the stories not only test the bounds of marriage, some stray into taboo areas of incest and, in one case, zoophilia.
The collection is part of the Katha tradition of Sanskrit literature. Some of the tales are actually repeated from earlier well-known collections in Sanskrit literature. In the tradition of Sanskrit literature, the tales are frequently interspersed with verse, many original, some repeated from earlier works. Though it is not known when it was originally written, current scholarship accepts that the collection was in its current form by the 12th century CE, though currently the oldest known manuscript dates back to the 15th century CE. The collection has been translated to many languages, including Persian in the 14th century, and in Malay, Hikayat Bayan Budiman, by a certain Kadi Hassan in 773 AH (1371 AD). It was last translated to English in 2000 CE.
Structure.
The collection, following the story within a story format to maintain continuity, actually contains 72 stories, of which one story acts as the main narrative. The remaining 71 stories are narrated by the parrot.
The main story is that of Madana Vinoda, the wayward son of a merchant, and his wife Padmavati. The merchant's Brahmin friend tries to bring Madana to the path of righteousness by giving him a pet talking parrot. This attempt is successful as the parrot narrates a story that brings Madana to the path of duty. Having learnt his lesson, he sets off on a voyage, presumably on a business venture, leaving his wife alone.
Padmavati, though initially dejected by her husband's departure, soon falls into the company of wanton women who suggest that she take on a lover. She agrees, and every night for the next seventy nights, she gets ready to meet him. But she is thwarted in her attempt every single night by the parrot, which adopts the stratagem of telling her a story. The parrot typically expresses approval of its mistress' intention by agreeing that the goal of life was to seek pleasure and acknowledges the strength of sexual desire. Then it excites her interest by asking whether she had the wits to escape if any troublesome situation were to arise, as the protagonist of her next story had. Padmavati naturally wants to know the details of the story and the parrot proceeds to narrate it. At the end of the story, Padmavati decides not to go for her rendezvous that night.
On the seventieth night, Madana returns and Padmavati has learnt the errors of her ways. Prompted by the parrot, she makes a full confession to her husband, thanking the parrot for keeping her from physical infidelity. The parrot's seventieth story is in fact a plea for forgiveness on the grounds that Padmavati was not fully responsible for her fault, having been led astray by bad company.
Stories.
The typical story involves a wife being surprised by her husband while she is in the act of committing adultery. She has to use her wits to get out of her predicament, which she always does. In one story, she has to pass between the legs of a Yaksha, a feat impossible to achieve unless one has told the truth. The wife manages it by having her lover dress up as a lunatic and grab her — as a result, she is able to truthfully swear that no one except her husband and the lunatic has ever touched her in her life.
Frequently the stories test the limits of taboo. In one case, the wife introduces her lover as a cousin to enable his entry into the house. When the lover refuses to have sex with her on the ground that he is now her brother, she threatens to accuse him of rape and gains his acquiescence. In another story, the wife has both father and son as lovers, and she has to deal with the problem of what to do when her husband stumbles upon the scene.
The stories are often blunt, verging on pornography. In one case, the cuckolded husband has managed to grab his rival's penis while the lover was having sex with the wife literally behind the husband's back. The wife then has the unenviable task of devising a way to extricate her lover. The cuckolds are generally unaware of the situation though some times they are portrayed as simpleminded, and the wives often take advantage of their ignorance and superstitious nature. However, in one case, the husband, a king, is impressed by the lover's wit and lets his wife go with him, reasoning that while poets like the lover are rare, women like his wife are not.
The less typical story involves men being in similar situations, though in this case the trouble still comes in the form of the woman's husband rather than the man's wife. Other common stories revolve around men using the threat of embarrassment to regain gifts they showered on their lovers, often harlots. Dalliances involving unmarried women having illicit sex are very rare — with the obvious exception of prostitutes.
One story manages to simultaneously stray into zoophilia and poke fun at a divinity. It involves a woman who has promised to kiss the idol of Ganapati if she achieves a particular (wholly legitimate) goal. The mischievous idol grabs her lips and wouldn't let go. The husband has to make the idol laugh by simulating sex with a donkey to rescue his wife.
The stories form an "absorbing social document" of those times. It portrays a society where women's sexuality is openly accepted and prostitutes are accepted as a semi-legitimate part of society. In one story, a father engages a procuress to teach his son the art of safeguarding his wealth from the guiles of courtesans.
Not all stories involve sexual escapades. Some deal with other tricky situations that one can encounter in life and of them some have been lifted straight from the Panchatantra.
Verses.
As with many Sanskrit texts, there are verses interspersed with prose that form part of the narrative.
Some are erotic:
And some describe profound wisdom:
In some cases the verses are part of the story and actually act as part of the conversation between the characters. In others, they are merely regurgitations of earlier works such as the Hitopadesha, the Panchatantra, and even the Puranas.
History.
Though the collection's oldest known manuscript dates back only to the 15th century, there are references to it in other works much earlier. Current scholarship dates the book in its current form to the 12th century, though the individual stories in it are much older and are often found in the Jataka tales and in the Kathasaritsagara.
There are two versions of the work available in Sanskrit, the "simplicior" version attributed to a Brahmin Chintamani has been described as having a "simple, somewhat abrupt style" while the "ornatior" version, attributed to a Jain monk Shvetambara is "elaborate and ornate". The simplicior version is considered to be older. The names "simplicior" and "ornatior" were assigned by German scholar Richard Schmidt.
Translations.
There have been many translations of the work into both Indian and non-Indian languages. In the 14th century, Persian scholar Nakhshabi translated it as Tutinama. This in turn was translated into Turkish and formed the basis for the German translation, which was the first one into a Western language.
The German translation, "Der textus ornatior der Çukasaptati", translated by Richard Schmidt was published in the year 1896 in Stuttgart by W Kohlhammer.
It has been translated into Telugu poetic form by Palavekari Kadiripati. Vavilla Ramaswamy Sastrulu and Sons published the work in 1935 and 1951. It was published by Andhra Pradesh Sahitya Akademi in 1979 under the editorship of B. Ramaraju.
A Malayalam translation is available for the work, named as Thatha Paranja Kathakal
In 2000, HarperCollins India published a translation from the original Sanskrit done by Indian diplomat-scholar A N D Haksar. The book claims that this was the first rendition into English that made use of the original Sanskrit, as against the Persian translation.

</doc>
<doc id="6914133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914133" title="1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics">
1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics

The 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics were held in Sydney, Australia on August 20–25.
Participation.
According to an unofficial count through an unofficial result list, 1049 athletes from 142 countries participated in the event. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.

</doc>
<doc id="6914136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914136" title="Russian Rugby Championship">
Russian Rugby Championship

The Russian Rugby Championship, officially known as the Pari - Russian Rugby Championship for sponsorship reasons (), is Russia's top level professional men's rugby union competition. The Russian Rugby Championship is run by Russian Rugby Union and is contested by 10 teams as of the 2019-2020 season.
History.
The founding of the league coincided with a period of rapid change for Russian rugby. The first Russian rugby championship, which succeeded the Soviet Rugby Championship, was played in 1992, under the name Russian Superleague. The league kept this name until 2004, when the competition was then rebranded as the Rugby Premier League.
In 2007, Yug-Krasnodar were admitted to the competition, increasing the number of teams in the league to eight.
Just one year later, in 2008, a further six teams from several of the lower division competitions were admitted into the Rugby Premier League. This increased the total number of teams again, to fourteen teams. The fourteen teams were split into three conferences, based on geography, in that season. One thing to note was that many of the elevated clubs geographically were semi-professional or even amateur in nature, which lead to a lack of competitive balance.
2010 saw another change of format to the Rugby Premier League where the East-West divide was removed, culminating in the formation of a 'Super Group'. This meant that VVA-Podmoskovye Monino, Krasny Yar, Enisey-STM, Slava Moscow, RC Novokuznetsk and Imperia-Dynamo as well as Fili Moscow and Spartak GM were scheduled to play each other in a straight home-and-away league format.

</doc>
<doc id="6914139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914139" title="Aaron Isaac">
Aaron Isaac

Aaron Isaac (also known as Aron Isak; ; 16 September 1730 – 21 October 1816) was a Jewish seal engraver and merchant in haberdashery. He came from Swedish Pomerania, a German-speaking area then part of the Swedish Empire, during the reign of Gustav III, and was persuaded to come to Sweden where there were no seal engravers at the time. He did this on the condition that he could bring with him at least ten Jews, in order to have a "minyan" (quorum) for prayer. His native language was Yiddish.
Background.
It was the age of the Enlightenment, led by philosophers whose works revolutionized the social structure of Europe. Some liberally minded monarchs, like Gustav III, eased restrictions on Jewish settlement. "In 1781, opposed by the Swedish clergy, he pushed through the first law guaranteeing certain religious freedoms. This law gave foreigners the right to practise their religion but it forbade them to proselytize and to encourage Lutherans to leave their faith.". Gustav III, in a letter to his mother, the dowager queen Lovisa Ulrika, wrote, "...It is certain, that it would be highly beneficial to the country, if such a hardworking people as the Jews were to settle here..."
Biography.
The son of a merchant in Treuenbrietzen, Brandenburg, Isaac first made his living as a peddler, but at a young age he apprenticed as a seal engraver and settled in the university town of Bützow in the Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. He worked there as an assistant to a seal engraver and on the side sold haberdashery goods. In 1750, he married Sara Hendel Levin, daughter of schoolmaster Levin Samuel and Margarethe Lösern. During the Seven Years' War, he earned money by selling his goods to both Swedes and Prussians. He came into contact with Swedish officers and received many commissions to engrave seals from them, and was told that there was a shortage of people with his skills in Sweden. The officers in turn put him in contact with Carl Sparre, the governor of Stockholm. In 1774, Isaac received permission and moved to Stockholm. However, his fellow believers thought he was mad to venture into such dangers. For as long as the ship on which he traveled across from Stralsund was in sight, they stood on the shore and read blessings over him.
Isaac, favored by Sparre, received permission to settle there and bring his wife and children. The magistrate had felt unable to grant him the right to stay in the kingdom unless he was baptized (this was before the Tolerance Act), but Isaac declared that he refused to change his religion. With Sparre's help, he managed to persuade Gustav III to make an exception for him and some of his fellow Jews. The king immediately placed an order from him, and the court and aristocracy followed suit. In 1775, he, his brother Marcus Isaac, and their companion Abraham Pach were granted licenses to work as seal engravers and as stonemasons.
Although their right to settle in Sweden and practise their religion had been ensured, they had not been accepted into society and were isolated by a fear of being assaulted. Isaac later wrote in his memoirs that "...If I were to write the complete history of how they have persecuted me and my family this book would be too small to contain it. But I saw clearly that God was always on my side and prevailed against my enemies without my having to lift a hand against them."
Isaac embarked on wide-ranging economic ventures after gaining the confidence of the authorities. His acquaintance with Baron Sparre and Baron , the head of the national finances, was of great importance to Isaac. The head of the mint, Gustaf von Engeström, had noticed during his travels abroad how Jews had with great skill procured silver for the mints in various countries, and during the reorganization of the Swedish monetary system at that time, attention was therefore focused on Isaac as a possible silver supplier.
Baron Liljencrantz also entered into negotiations with Isaac, who was soon given the task of acquiring silver for Swedish coins over a period of three years, amounting to no less than eleven million riksdaler specie of silver metal at a rate four percent higher than that paid in Hamburg. In addition, the silver would be transported for free by peasants on behalf of the state ("kronoskjuts"). In connection with this agreement, Isaac was also commissioned to attempt to sell a large consignment of 100,000 ship pounds () of copper that was stored at the Riksbank without interest. He was promised a commission of one riksdaler per pound. The deal was not completed, however, as Isaac's brother and partner were hesitant about the venture.
Isaac's reputation grew from year to year. Also contributing to this was his son Nathaniel, who was appointed court jeweler by Gustav III.
The 1778–1779 Riksdag (parliament) authorized the Jews to have a synagogue in Stockholm and no more than three other cities. In 1782, the so-called "Judereglementet" ('Jewish Regulations') were issued, which regulated which industries the Jews were allowed to pursue and in which cities they were allowed to live. Isaac exerted considerable influence on the authorities in drafting the . His knowledge of the Jews' circumstances was considered to be of great value.
In 1788, Isaac, who in addition to engraving also engaged in trade, was appointed army supplier in the war against Russia (he received a Royal warrant of appointment in 1789) and went to Finland. Due to the shortage of money during the war, war commissary issued notes or tokens to the field treasury, called "", which were to be equivalent to national banknotes. At the same time, Gustav III set up a banknote printing plant to produce counterfeit Russian money, thereby spreading unrest in the Russian economy. During an exchange transaction with Count Adolf Fredrik Munck, Isaac was then swindled by Munck with fake "Fahnehjelmare", which Munck had printed on his own initiative. He was arrested for a time in Turku but was acquitted, while Munck was forced into exile in 1792.
So great was the confidence of the authorities in Isaac that he was given the right as head of the Jewish community of Stockholm to exercise a certain control over the Jews in Sweden, so that no less reputable Jews were allowed to enter the country. Isaac therefore became the gateway through which Jewish immigration passed. He was careful about who would be permitted to immigrate because the reputation of the Jewish community in Stockholm rested upon the usefulness of Jewish assistance to the national economy. Immigration thus focused on relatives of Isaac and Jewish families from Germany who could bring their own capital and start their own businesses. Isaac had a strong ability to win over the higher officials, and especially the lord chamberlain, Baron Sparre, to his cause. Isaac was also well regarded at the palace, where he had a patron and friend, especially in Duke Charles, who often fulfilled his wishes. However, this position of power was associated with some discomfort for Isaac, as it sometimes caused him envy and resentment on the part of the other Jews, which on several occasions led to strife within the congregation.
From the beginning of his time in Stockholm, Isaac gathered a small circle of friends and relatives who put considerable effort into the development of the newly founded Jewish community. These included his brother Marcus, Abraham Bach, Gumpert Hirsch, Abraham Ferdan and Isaac's son Nathan.
In his later years, Isaac recorded his memories in Western Yiddish. His memoirs have been published in several editions and in translations into standard German and Eastern or standard Yiddish. Among other things, the memoirs reveal the conflicts Isaac had with other members of the Stockholm Jewish community, where his leadership was controversial. He personally purchased a cemetery for the Jews of Stockholm, which still bears his name, on Kungsholmen, while another group in the congregation established their own cemetery, , in what is now on Kungsholmen.
Isaac died in Stockholm in 1816.
Legacy.
Prior to Isaac and Gustav III, Jews in Sweden were required either to convert to Christianity or to live an illegal and nomadic existence. By creating the conditions for Jewish families to remain Jewish and become part of the Swedish nation, they built the foundation for the modern-day Jewish community of Sweden.
Since 1989, the has been awarded annually by the .

</doc>
<doc id="6914145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914145" title="Dance Factory (video game)">
Dance Factory (video game)

Dance Factory is a PlayStation 2 game developed by Broadsword Interactive and published by Codemasters. It has been compared with "Dance Dance Revolution", but unlike the "Dance Dance Revolution" series "Dance Factory" can generate dance moves from any music CD. It can be played with any PlayStation controller and allows input from the EyeToy camera, but the majority of gameplay is done with a foot-operated Dance pad and is available with or without a pad in the package.
Modes.
"Dance Factory" has a variety of modes:
Players can enter their own moves for any CD tracks and then use those instead of the automatically generated ones. These custom dances can be shared with other users who own the same CDs.
Reception.
Reviews of "Dance Factory" are diverse in both scope and appraisal. Some of the most positive have come from mainstream media rather than gaming specialists, but even the latter have disagreed greatly about both the concept and its execution:
On BBC radio Eurogamer editor Johnny Minkley enthused: "This is brilliant! Dancing games - these ones you buy the dance mats for - "Dancing Stage" has been the key series for years. And what you've never been able to do on it is use your own music. And this time, for the first time, you can take any CD in your collection, put it in the PS2, and it generates dance steps for you on the fly, or you can make your own. Now, I've been trying this out at home, and ... it works really, really well... it's just superb fun. So if you've ever liked this type of game before, but you've always felt restricted by the songs on there, I mean, this opens up your entire record collection ... it's just brilliant". - BBC National Radio 1, "Sarah Cox Show", Tuesday 15 August 2006
The November 2006 review by Mark Blackmore, in "BBC Focus" magazine, was yet more excited: "Without hyperbole, this is the best thing to happen in all the universe, throughout history, since we emerged from the primordial ooze... if you've never danced to Morrisey while having your PS tell you you're a big fat sod, then you've missed out on one of the definitive human experiences".
The "Times" newspaper called "Dance Factory" "an instant classic" and awarded it a generous 5 out of 5 on 16 September 2006: "Although they are guaranteed to deliver a few laughs and lots of energetic posturing, the failing of most dance mat games is the dire selection of twangy hits licensed for the experience. Even "Dance Factory" comes with just five saccharine offerings, but then turns the genre on its head quite magnificently by allowing players to import their own CD tracks for fancy footwork treatment. It is not an especially fast process, with a four-minute track taking about a minute to convert for dance mat use, but the options that it brings are limited only by the tracks in your CD collection... The package also boasts some nifty secondary ideas to help to extend the title's replayability, such as a Fitness mode for calorie counters. Meanwhile, the multiplayer games include a knock-out tournament that can accommodate 16 players in rotation".
The US magazine "Game Informer" gave a score of 8/10, saying: "I'm going to go out on a limb here and offend a lot of "DDR" purists and tell you that this is the dance/rhythm action game you should play this year...So what's the deal? "Dance Factory" can take any CD you put into the PS2 and transfer all or any of the songs to danceable tracks - and I'm not talking cheap, non-rhythmic versions. The newly created dance tracks firmly match up with the song rhythms, especially if you find music you'd actually dance to in real life. The feature works great, and often creates some stellar fun from music that (gasp!) you'd actually want to listen to! ... The game's not perfect by any means, but this is an idea that is long overdue, and I, for one, think it deserves some props".
The October 2006 issue of "Games". magazine said ""Dance Factory"'s rather ingenious USP is that it allows you to put any CD into your PS2 and it will convert it into arrows for your dancing pleasure. Simple, but absolutely superb. And it works. After experimenting with tunes from Rage Against The Machine, Air, Metallica, Sway and even a bit of classic old-school house, it would seem Dance Factory cannot be beaten. Using the same technology that fueled Vib Ribbon, the game picks out beats immaculately, creating combo opportunities at every turn. Obviously, not every tune you pick will lead to a perfect 'dance', but half the fun of Vib Ribbon was finding which tunes worked best, and the same can be said of Dance Factory. This is a game that’s all about innovation, and this is the only way in which Konami’s dancing games could be bettered. Dance Factory is a superb product".
"Gaming Age" awarded the game 83%, braving comparisons with "DDR" and thereby contradicting other reviews, saying: "No matter where your loyalties lie in the "DDR" world, there is no denying that "Dance Factory" is taking the right steps (no pun intended) in designing new ideas that the group of thinkers at Konami haven't come up with yet... What "Dance Factory" brings to the table is new features that improve the genre, along with recreating already popular and proven modes for fans of the series".
Yahoo! Games awarded 73%, saying: "Dance Factory is a clever concept, though it doesn't quite hit the bullseye. Its feature set would really do better on a machine with a built-in hard drive, so you could burn tracks to it instead of endlessly swapping out CDs. That said, it's still impressive what the game does with the PS2's memory and technology -- poor graphics notwithstanding".
Review scores in the UK and "Official PlayStation" magazines differed by a factor of two, the UK magazine awarding 60% and saying: "A clever idea that's a laugh with the right kind of music, but is too random to be anything other than an occasional curiosity", whereas the US "PlayStation: The Official Magazine" rated it just 30%, commenting: "I still think a music-customizable rhythm game could be amazing, but "Dance Factory" falls short of the ideal". - June 2006, page 94.
"Gaming Horizon" scored it 46% and said: "Despite the fact that Konami’s series has a static playlist, you’re better off buying another version of "DDR" than dealing with this piece of crap called "Dance Factory". Or better yet, just pop in a CD and groove your own way".
G4 TV awarded 40% and said: "The ability to make your own dance patterns is not a dumb idea per se. "Dance Factory" would be an interesting gimmick if it was attached to an otherwise good "DDR" clone".

</doc>
<doc id="6914151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914151" title="McGee &amp; Me">
McGee &amp; Me



</doc>
<doc id="6914154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914154" title="Alfred Beagle">
Alfred Beagle



</doc>
<doc id="6914157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914157" title="Samuel Dale">
Samuel Dale

Samuel Dale (1772 – ), known as the "Daniel Boone of Alabama", was an American frontiersman, soldier, and politician, who fought under General Andrew Jackson, in the Creek War, later, becoming a brigadier general in the U.S. Army, and an advocate for Alabama statehood.
Samuel Dale was born in 1772, in Rockbridge County, Virginia to Scotch-Irish parents from Pennsylvania. As a boy, both he and his parents moved, many times, with westward border expansion, most notably in 1775 and 1783. With the death of his parents in December 1792, he was responsible for the welfare of eight younger children. From 1793–96 he served as a United States Government scout. He abandoned work as a trader between Savannah, Georgia and the border settlements and as a mill owner-operator to guide immigrants into Mississippi, over Native American lands.
Dale was present, in 1811, when Tecumseh enlisted local Alabama Native Americans to fight against Americans, during his campaign to establish a pan-Indian confederacy. Dale was involved in many of these confrontations, particularly in 1814, when he served as a courier bringing documents to Andrew Jackson in New Orleans, from Georgia in just eight days.
Creek War.
Intercepting and raiding a Creek Supply train.
On July 27, 1813. Spain, who was an ally of the British, supplied Creek Indian chief Peter McQueen with provisions, supplies, and gunpowder to resist American expansion. But only enough as to not openly antagonize the United States of America. Peter McQueen and 300 of his Indian Warriors were traveling back to their tribal village with their supply train. American militiamen under militia Colonel James Caller and militia Captain Dixon Bailey headed out to raid the Creek supply train. The American militia were joined by Samuel Dale and his fellow American militiamen numbering a total of at least 180 militiamen altogether. When the militia reached the location of the supply train, the Creek Indians were making camp and let down their guard. Colonel James Caller and his militia quietly dismounted and cautiously approached the Indian camp.
Then the American militia launched a surprise attack. The Indians were taken completely by surprise. The militia charged in while firing their weapons and the panicked Indians fired back to little effect running off. After the Indians fled, many of the militia let down their guard and immediately started looting the supply train without setting proper security. While most of the militia were distracted and too busy to loot, the Indians regrouped and launched a surprise counter-attack at the militia. At least 80 of the militia including Captains Samuel Dale, Dixon Bailey, and Smoot faced the Indians and bravely fought them. After 3 hours of fighting, the American militia retreated to safety. Even though the Creek Indians won tactically driving off the militia raiders, the militia were able to successfully carry off many of the pack-horses and their loads of supplies in their withdrawal back to American lines. The Creek Indians had 10-12 killed and 8-9 wounded. While the American militia had only 2 killed and 15 wounded.
Ambushing Creeks in Canoe Fight.
This ambush by Samuel Dale and his fellow militiamen on British allied-Creek Indians occurred on November 12, 1813. Samuel Dale took charge of Fort Glass, a small stockade about a quarter of a mile from Fort Madison. Dale had at least 50 American partisans under his command. During the day sentinels were posted around the fort. At night, Samuel Dale illuminated the approaches, for a circuit of one hundred yards, by a device of his own. Two poles, fifty feet long were firmly planted on each side of the fort; a long lever, upon the plan of a sell sweep, worked upon each of these poles; to each lever was attached a bar of iron about ten feet long, and to these bars the Americans fastened, with trace-chain, huge parts of light-wood. The illumination from such an elevation was brilliant, and no covert attack could be made upon Samuel’s position. As a precaution against the Indian torch, Samuel had his block-houses and their roofs well plastered with clay. The Americans displayed themselves in arms frequently, the women wearing hats and the garments of their husbands, to impress upon the spies that the Americans knew were lurking around an exaggerated notion of American strength. Sometime later, Samuel’s scouts brought news of 80 or a hundred Indians camped on the eastside of Alabama, near what is now called Dale’s Ferry. Samuel Dale took 60 militiamen to attack the enemy if practicable. Crossing the river in two canoes, which Samuel Dale previously concealed, the Americans spent the night in the canebrake. At daylight, he manned each canoe with five picked men, and directed them to move cautiously up the river, while the rest of the American militia followed the trail which ran along the bank. When the Americans reached Bailey’s, whose cabins were on the east, and his corn-crib and field on the west bank, the Americans discovered two Indian canoes, laden with corn, paddling up stream. Samuel Dale ordered fellow militiaman Jerry Austill to lay his canoes under the bluff and conceal his men from the Indians until Samuel could get ahead of them. Samuel and his militiamen pushed on at a lively rate, George Foster and Samuel being a hundred yards in advance of the other. At an abrupt turn of the path they suddenly encountered five warriors. Samuel shot one down while militiamen Foster shot the next, and the rest broke into the cane-break. Afterwards, Samuel put 30 of his militiamen on the east bank while he kept the western bank with 20 militiamen. Soon, he saw 11 Indian warriors in boats. So Dale with 7 militiamen chased the Indians. After intense fighting, Samuel and his men killed all 11 Indian warriors. Samuel Dale and his men got their canoes, crossed them all over, and withdrew safely back to their fort.
Raiding Creek Villages.
Samuel Dale rode with Major Cassel’s American horse-mounted militiamen to raid and destroy Creek villages. The militia rode near an upriver and destroyed an enemy Red Stick village at the mouth of Pintlala Creek. The American militia raiders set camp on December 25, 1813. Samuel Dale and his militia then rode on raiding and destroying other Creek enemy villages and farms in the neighborhood. The raiding militia force then rode back to Fort Deposit. Then Samuel Dale and his fellow militia raiders withdrew back to Fort Clairborne.
Further Career.
Dale was elected to the first Alabama General Assembly in 1817, serving until 1829. As a legislator and distinguished veteran brigadier general, he and four other men received the visiting Marquis de Lafayette of France into Alabama. A decade later, he was accidentally injured and was not able to carry out the illegal (against a ruling of the U.S. Supreme Court) forced relocation of the local Choctaw-speaking Indians the complete distance from Alabama and Mississippi to their assigned territories in Oklahoma. General Dale was the first elected member of the Mississippi House of Representatives to come from Lauderdale County, Mississippi. He next visited Washington, D.C., to request compensation for the supplies that were bought for his troops. He was disappointed when he received no recognition from the Federal Government.
Death.
Dale died on May 24, 1841, in Lauderdale County, Mississippi, and was buried there near Daleville, which was named in his honor. Dale County, Alabama is also named for him. Fort Dale, which Dale led the construction of, was also named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6914159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914159" title="Suka Saptati">
Suka Saptati



</doc>
<doc id="6914161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914161" title="Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb">
Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb

The Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing (, abbr: "FER") is a faculty of the University of Zagreb. It is the largest technical faculty and the leading educational facility for research and development in the fields of electrical engineering and computing in Croatia.
FER owns four buildings situated in the Zagreb neighbourhood of Martinovka, Trnje. The total area of the site is . , the Faculty employs more than 160 professors and 210 teaching and research assistants. In the academic year 2010/2011, the total number of students was about 3,800 in the undergraduate and graduate level, and about 450 in the PhD program.
As of the academic year 2004./2005., when the implementation of the Bologna process started at the University of Zagreb, the faculty has two baccalaureus programmes (each lasting 3 years):
After receiving a bachelor's degree, students can take part in one of three master's programmes:
Organisation.
The Faculty comprises 12 academic departments:
History.
The Faculty of Electrical Engineering (, abbr: "ETF") was formed on 1 July 1956 when the College of Engineering of the University of Zagreb was divided into ETF and three other new faculties. The faculty existed under this name until 7 February 1995 when it was renamed to its current name.
In 1956, the first curriculum was formed, offering students programme called "Study of Electrical Engineering". The faculty was divided into two departments, one for weak current ("Odjel za slabu struju") and another for the strong current ("Odjel za jaku struju"). This was later referred to as the ETF-1 programme. The Faculty changed its curriculum in 1967, when the ETF-2 curriculum introduced a division of studies into electrical power systems, electronics, electrical machinery and automation. In 1970, the ETF-3 curriculum introduced further specializations, such as nuclear power systems and computing. There was also an ETF-4 curriculum later.
In 1994 name of the faculty changed, and the curriculum was changed from ETF-4 to FER-1. A separate study called "Study of Computing" was formed, so the faculty from then on offered two different degrees - one was the existing "diplomirani inženjer elektrotehnike", or graduate engineer of electrical engineering, and the new one was "diplomirani inženjer računarstva", or graduate engineer of computing. In 2004 FER-1 was transformed to FER-2, to conform to the Bologna process. This involved, among other things, changing the length of the essential course set from four semesters to two semesters, the renaming of the first study program to include the term information technology, and the reworking of the program subdivisions so that they each include five specialized modules. Starting with the academic year 2018./2019. the curriculum was changed from FER-2 to FER-3 and is mandatory for new students.
KSET.
The Electrical Engineering Student Club (Croatian: "Klub studenata elektrotehnike", abbr: "KSET") is a student association founded by students of the Croatian Faculty of Electrical Engineering, and plays an active role in the social life of the University of Zagreb and Zagreb in general. The club is part of a larger building complex of its native faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="6914163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914163" title="What the Sea Wants, the Sea Will Have">
What the Sea Wants, the Sea Will Have

What the Sea Wants, the Sea Will Have is the second album by Australian songwriter Sarah Blasko. The whole album can be listened to on Blasko's website.
The first radio-only single from the album is entitled "{Explain}". The second single lifted from the album is "Always on this Line" and the third single is "Planet New Year". The single "Amazing Things" was the last single from the album. The album cover was photographed by Warwick Baker. The album was certified Gold, for 35,000 physical copies sold, in Australia in January 2007.
At the J Award of 2006, the album was nominated for Australian Album of the Year.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2007, the album won the ARIA Award for Best Pop Release.

</doc>
<doc id="6914172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914172" title="FER">
FER

FER or Fer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914173" title="Pipe Organ">
Pipe Organ



</doc>
<doc id="6914180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914180" title="Sreekantapuram hospital">
Sreekantapuram hospital

Sreekantapuram Hospital is a 250-bed multi-specialty hospital situated at the heart of Mavelikara, Kerala, India. It was established in 1947 by the late Dr. G.S. Thampi. It was the late Dr. S. Sreekantan, (son of Dr. G.S. Thampi) who expanded the small clinic into a multi-specialty hospital.
Departments.
Sreekantapuram Hospital has the following departments :
Neurology; Urology; Dermatology; Otorhinolaryngology; Ophthalmology; Psychiatry; Physiotherapy; Anesthesiology; Pain and Palliative care; Imageology
Facilities.
Sreekantapuram Hospital provides the following facilities:
Sreekantapuram Hospital also has a Nursing School attached to it with an annual intake of 30 students. The institute is recognized by the Indian Nursing Council.
Sreekantapuram Hospital has BSNL (Bharat Sangar Nigam Ltd), FCI (Food Corporation of India), Ex-servicemen Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS), etc. as its corporate clients and is affiliated with all the major insurance companies.

</doc>
<doc id="6914181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914181" title="Cartola">
Cartola

Angenor de Oliveira, known as Cartola (Portuguese for top hat), (; October 11, 1908 – November 30, 1980) was a Brazilian singer, composer and poet considered to be a major figure in the development of samba.
Cartola composed, alone or with partners, more than 500 songs.
Biography.
Angenor de Oliveira was born in 1908 in the Catete neighborhood, in the city of Rio de Janeiro. He was the oldest of eight children of the couple Sebastião Joaquim de Oliveira and Aída Gomes de Oliveira. Although he was given the name Agenor, he was registered as Angenor - a fact that he would only discover many years later, when he was preparing the papers for his marriage to Dona Zica in the 1960s. In order not to have to arrange for a name change at the notary, from then on he officially signed his name as Angenor de Oliveira.
His maternal family was from Campos dos Goytacazes, and his ancestors were slaves of the first Baron of Carapebus. His maternal grandfather, Luís Cipriano Gomes, a famous cook, worked in Macaé, until he was recruited and sent to Rio de Janeiro to serve the President Nilo Peçanha at the Catete Palace.
When he was eight years old, his family moved to Laranjeiras, where he came into contact with the carnival ranches "União da Aliança" and "Arrepiados" - in the latter he played the cavaquinho, a musical instrument given to him by his father when he was only 8 or 9 years old, which he also did in the Epiphany parades. He was so enthusiastic about the "Arrepiados" that later, when he participated in the foundation of the samba school Estação Primeira de Mangueira, he suggested that the colors of this ranch - green and pink - be the same as those of the nascent organization, which would become one of the most revered symbols in the world of samba. On the other hand, Carlos Cachaça, another founder of Mangueira, said that there had been an old ranch on Mangueira hill called Caçadores da Floresta, which colors were exactly green and pink.
In 1919, driven by financial difficulties, the Oliveiras moved to Mangueira, then a small, growing favela with less than fifty shacks. Soon, another resident of Mangueira, Carlos Cachaça, six years older than Cartola, would become, besides a lifelong friend, his most constant partner in dozens of sambas.
When he was 15, he abandoned his studies in the fourth grade to work, while at the same time leaning toward the bohemian life. As a teenager, he worked as a printer apprentice, but soon became a bricklayer. While working in construction sites he earned the nickname with which he would become recognized as one of the great names in Brazilian popular music. To keep the cement from falling on his hair, he decided to wear a bowler hat, which his colleagues said looked more like a small top hat, and thus he began to be called "Cartola" (top hat, in portuguese).
He was 17 when his mother died. Soon after, the growing conflicts with his father, an enemy of his bohemian life, led him to be expelled from home. He led a life of vagrancy for some time, drinking and dating, frequenting prostitution houses and contracting venereal diseases, roaming the nights and sleeping in suburban trains. These habits led him to become physically weak, sick and malnourished in the bed of a small shack. A neighbor from his shack, named Deolinda, who was seven years older, married, and had a two-year-old daughter, took care of him and the two ended up getting involved. He was only 18 at the time they decided to live together and Deolinda left her husband, keeping their daughter, whom the composer would raise as his own.
Cartola became popular in the 1930s, recording many sambas, but prestige didn't translate into financial reward; to support his growing family, he worked as a bricklayer, fishmonger and cheese-seller, and his wife occasionally worked as a cook.
By the late 1940s, things had become worse. At 38, Cartola had a long illness, and shortly after he recovered, his wife died from heart problems. One of his greatest hits, sung by many artists, "Sim (Yes)", was written during his grief. Cartola stopped playing and composing; he moved with his new wife, Donária, into a slum in Nilópolis, where he worked as a handyman.
In 1952, he met and fell in love with Dona Zica, with whom he spent the rest of his life, and who persuaded him to return to music. In 1956, while working as a car-washer in Ipanema, he was rediscovered by the journalist Sérgio Porto, who brought him back to the music world. Porto publicized Cartola's return, inviting him to radio shows and promoting his work with new partners. However, samba's popularity had waned, so he again worked in several other jobs.
In 1963, eager to bring the favelas' samba to a broader audience, Cartola — with Zica and Eugênio Agostine — opened the famous Zicartola bar and restaurant in downtown Rio de Janeiro; it became the most important samba establishment of that time, providing a link between the traditional sambistas and the incipient Bossa Nova movement. Cartola invited people such as Nélson Cavaquinho, Pixinguinha, Nara Leão, Paulinho da Viola, and Zé Keti to sing the "low-value" music, as sambistas ironically referred to their work.
Cartola's commercial success started in the late 1960s and early 1970s, when he became quite popular and a lot of samba classics were released, such as "O Sol Nascerá", "O Mundo é Um Moinho", "As Rosas não Falam", "Corra e Olhe o Céu", and "Quem me vê Sorrindo", with support from singers Elizeth Cardoso, Clara Nunes, Paulinho da Viola and especially Beth Carvalho. He released his first record at age 66, in 1974; although he had financial difficulties, he composed and sang until his death, at age 72.
The 2007 documentary film "Música Para os Olhos", directed by Lírio Ferreira and Hilton Lacerda, is a profile of the life of Cartola.
A biography of Cartola, "Divino Cartola – Uma Vida em Verde e Rosa", by Denilson Monteiro, was published in January 2013.
Cartola and Zica appeared briefly in the 1959 film Black Orpheus as a couple at the city hall when the main characters register to get married.
Work.
Cartola composed melodies, harmonies, and lyrics. His lyrics are notable for their very correct use of Portuguese, especially considering his lack of formal higher education. His poetry binds in an effective manner elegance and emotion, while keeping a relatively low level of complexity, which made his work accessible to larger layers of the population.
With regard to tempo, Cartola's music had a strong tendency towards calmer, slower sambas in contrast to the faster, brisker "sambas de terreiro" seen in samba schools and to other composers' music. Some say his sambas had a tendency towards samba-canção. The cavaquinhos in his records had a certain choro mood, which was less percussive than usual, with the exception of his last records where Alceu Maia was the cavaquinist.
As a musician, Cartola made use of many modulations, some of which were not common in samba at that time. Some of his modulating tunes are "Quem me vê Sorrindo" and "Sim" (), "Aconteceu" and "Amor Proibido" (), "Inverno do Meu Tempo" () and "A Cor da Esperança" (). Furthermore, he made use of non-trivial figures such as tritone substitutions and extensive tritone resolutions to the , as can be observed, e.g., in "Alvorada", "Inverno do Meu Tempo" and "Disfarça e Chora".

</doc>
<doc id="6914183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914183" title="Paper Dolls (film)">
Paper Dolls (film)

Paper Dolls (, Bubot Niyar) is a 2006 documentary by Israeli director Tomer Heymann, which follows the lives of transgender migrant workers from the Philippines who work as health care providers for elderly Orthodox Jewish men and perform as drag queens during their spare time. It also delves into the lives of societal outcasts who search for freedom and acceptance.
In 2013, the story was adapted as a musical and produced at the Tricycle Theatre in London.
Story.
The documentary followed five Filipino transsexuals, each in different stage of gender transition and often referred to by their feminine names, who have emigrated to Israel to work as health care providers for elderly Orthodox Jewish men. Religious rules forbid the Orthodox men from being touched by women, so their carers must be male. On their nights off, the transsexuals perform in Tel Aviv nightclubs as a drag group called "Paper Dolls". They are among 300,000 foreign immigrants who came to Israel in the wake of the Second Intifada to fill lowly jobs that had been handled by Palestinians. Their status is precarious because they cannot file for citizenship and their visas are revoked if they lose their jobs. Although the task of taking care of the elderly is not easy, the liberal atmosphere of their adopted country has allowed the Paper Dolls to be free, despite being viewed as outsiders, and they are able to earn enough money to send support to their families in the Philippines.
A main story told in the documentary concerns the relationship between Sally and her elderly ward Chaim, who lost his voice due to throat cancer. He urges her to learn Hebrew by having her recite a poem written by Yehuda Amichai, while he basks in Sally's warmth and wit. In contrast, when the Paper Dolls were arranged for an audition at TLV—the largest nightclub in Tel Aviv—the booker instead relegated them as geishas. They would bow by the entrance and were described by the booker, as well as other drag queens, as "unprofessional" and "fit only for a bus stop".
Production.
The documentary, shot for a span of five years and 320 hours of videotape, was distilled from a six-part Israeli TV feature produced by Claudius Films, Ltd., Heymann Brothers Films, and Switzerland-based LM Media GmbH, in association with The Film Sales Company, through the research of Levin. Andrew Harwitz and Maja Hoffman were its associate and executive producers respectively. Additional cinematography were done by Levin, Heymann, Daniel Miran, and Gonen Glazer. Asaf Billet provided the graphic design. Alex Claudius served as the interviewer of the participants.
Releases.
"Paper Dolls" was shown around the film festival circuit, first in Berlin International Film Festival on February 9, 2006, then debuted in the United States at SILVERDOCS: AFI/Discovery Channel Documentary Festival on June 15 that same year. Its US theatrical premiere was held on September 6, 2006, in New York City's Film Forum. The documentary was also commercially released in Switzerland, 15 US states, and Tel Aviv.
Before its second release in the Philippines at the 2007 Israeli Film Festival, "Paper Dolls" was given an "X" rating by the country's Movie and Television Review and Classification Board, which would make it "unfit for public viewing" despite already being shown in a public cinema in Makati during the 2006 Cinemanila International Film Festival. The organizers of the Israeli Film Festival decided the film be shown in various universities around Metro Manila. The Region 1 DVD of "Paper Dolls" was released on March 13, 2007.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Film critics have mostly-positive reviews on the documentary, with a 72% grade from review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes and 72% from Metacritic. Joshua Rothkopf of "Time Out New York" rated the documentary with 4 stars, calling it "strange and sad". Wesley Morris of "The Boston Globe" gave "Paper Dolls" 3½ out of 4 stars, lauding that the documentary does not center on drag culture but on "the discrepancy between the (subjects') self-image and their neighbors' failure to see them as more than freaks and foreigners". Ken Fox of "TV Guide" rated the documentary a 3 out of 4 stars, commenting that although "Heymann has a flair for drama and a way of making every scene he appears in all about him... the Paper Dolls themselves are funny and touching and their plight is relevant to any discussion about foreign workers." A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" stated that "Paper Dolls" "seeks to illuminate a subculture without allowing its curiosity to become exploitative or prurient". Michael Booth of "The Denver Post" gave it a 2½ star-rating out of 4, saying that the documentary underscores the subjects' role as "eternal outsiders". David Noh of "Film Journal International" stated that "despite Heymann's often clumsy technique and sometimes baldly opportunistic approach, a real human story emerges", and that the audience "sincerely root for these unlikely, uncomely souls". Kevin Thomas of "Los Angeles Times" writes that Heymann does not only bring an engaging poignancy and depth in "Paper Dolls", but also a powerful universality.
Meanwhile, Russell Edwards of "Variety" wrote that "Paper Dolls" "mostly fails to transcend its ramshackle structure or penetrate the inner-lives of its subjects". Ed Gonzales of "Slant Magazine" gave 2 out of 4 stars, while lamenting that the documentary "only skims the surface of the Paper Dolls' personal lives, barely tapping into the dreams that motivate them on a daily basis".
Awards.
"Paper Dolls" won three awards from independent juries in 2006 Berlin International Film Festival: Panorama Audience Award for a Feature Film; the Manfred-Salzgeber Prize; and the Siegessäule Reader's Jury Award. The documentary also received Best Cinematography and Best Music at Israeli Documentary Film Forum in 2006. That same year, it received the Audience Award at Pink Apple Film Festival held in Zürich, Switzerland, as well as the International Audience Award at Los Angeles Film Festival, and Best Documentary at Cinemanila International Film Festival held in Manila, Philippines. "Paper Dolls" also received the International Jury and the Audience Awards for a Documentary at 2007 Identities Queer Film Festival in Vienna, Austria, as well as the Audience Award for Best Documentary at 22nd Turin International GLBT Film Festival that same year.
Aftermath.
Chiqui, Giorgio, and Jan went to London. Chiqui became a head nurse at a local hospital, while Giorgio and Jan continued to provide health care for elderly Jewish men. The three formed "Paper Dolls from Israel" and staged their performances in Filipino nightclubs. Meanwhile, Cheska was deported to the Philippines and managed a bar with her mother. As of 2013, the London "Evening Standard" reported: "Four of the Paper Dolls now live in London as British citizens: one is a qualified nurse working closely with a surgeon performing skin grafts, while another is married to a (male) German doctor."
After Chaim's death, Sally's visa became invalid, and she returned to the Philippines to take care of her mother, but eventually went to Sharjah, United Arab Emirates and worked as a hairdresser. On November 19, 2007, just 20 days after arriving in UAE, she was found dead on a pavement near a local mall. The reason for her death is still unknown, but her family claimed that an employee at Department of Foreign Affairs asked them if Sally was "the one who got bashed in the head". Heymann was informed of Sally's death during the Israeli Film Fest held in Manila, wherein the proceeds of the screening – as well as his own allowance – were given to Sally's family in Imus, Cavite.
Stage adaptation.
A stage adaptation of the same name by Philip Himberg was workshopped as part of the Sundance Theatre Lab in 2011 under the direction of Mark Brokaw. The workshop cast including Telly Leung, Francis Jue, Erik Liberman, Matthew Wilkas, Joan Barber, Yusef Boulov, Ron Domingo, Ben Graney, Lauren Klein, Orville Mendoza, Jon Rua and Ariel Shafir. A full production with new music by Nigel Lilley and Ben and Max Ringham (as well as songs used by the original Paper Dolls in their act), played at the Tricycle Theatre in London from 28 February 2013 to 13 April 2013. The play was directed by the theatre's artistic director, Indhu Rubasingham, with choreography by Alistair David. The cast included New York-based actor Francis Jue as Sally. Himberg said that he adapted the documentary for the stage, responding "to the story about immigration, about crossing borders, both literal and metaphorical. ... Also the clashing of cultures. ... And the generational thing, that these younger Asian men were caring in a very beautiful way for these older men who had been, frankly, abandoned by their families." Himberg met Rubasingham at the Sundance Theatre Programme. Himberg changed the story told in the documentary by creating a character, Yossi, partly based on Tomer Heymann, a filmmaker who grows in his perspective as he becomes familiar with the Dolls. The Dolls "dream of hitting the big time, and are convinced that allowing [Yossi] to make a documentary of their lives is the route to fame and fortune." The relationship between the brothers Chiqui and Giorgio is made more antagonistic (Giorgio is depicted as a troublemaker). Another new character is Chaim's daughter Adina. Songs in the piece include numbers that the original Dolls chose for their lip-synching act, but the stage performers sing live.
The piece received mostly mixed or negative reviews, although the relationship between Jue's Sally and Harry Dickman's Chaim was praised by most reviewers. "The Daily Telegraph" thought that Himberg "tries to include everything, and in the process, loses focus and tension. ... The raucous performances of musical numbers ... occupy an uncomfortable hinterland between deliberately amateurish and slightly painful. Richard Kent’s designs are handsome. ... Jue gives a haunting performance as Sally ... but both play and direction are compromised by a cloying sentimentality." The "London Evening Standard", observed: "It’s a curious confection: part surprising study of cultural contrasts, part affectionate portrait of the world of the drag queen, and part exploration of some knotty ideas about homeland and identity. ... [The] production is both intimate and vigorous, with lashings of campness and a few genuinely moving moments. ... But along the way it seems a bit clunky, as if straining too hard for sincerity and interest." "The Stage" felt that, while the play has an "episodic, plodding sincerity", "it feels as though the inner lives have been drained from these characters". "The Times", however, gave the piece four stars out of a possible five, writing: "As an illustration of the fragility of global immigrants, amplified by the no man’s land between genders and set in a land itself founded by a diaspora, it is hard to better. ... [It] is both achingly intimate and rich in universal themes: the courage of exile, the security of culture and religion, the moral beauty of tolerance.
At its heart is the relationship (which repeatedly made me cry) between Chaim (Harry Dickman) ... and the wonderful Francis Jue as Salvatore – 'Sally'."

</doc>
<doc id="6914186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914186" title="Lucan Sarsfields GAA">
Lucan Sarsfields GAA

Lucan Sarsfields () is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Lucan, Dublin, Ireland. Founded in 1886, Sarsfields were one of 16 teams which contested the Dublin Senior Championship in 1887. They were also involved in the Senior Championship of 1892, and the club has fielded Gaelic football, hurling and camogie teams ever since.
History.
Early years.
Lucan won the Intermediate Football League in the 1904–05 season. It is reported that they did this with the help of five players from France. The story goes that in 1902 a team call Balbriggan Wanderers won the Intermediate League and then for some reason or other went out of existence in 1904. One of the players on that team was a man named Paddy Richardson, who was a fish merchant and regularly attended the Dublin market. At the market he met up with Mickey Ashe who was secretary of Lucan and who also worked in the fish market. With the assistance of Tom Clarke, another fish market worker, the Balbriggan men were persuaded to throw in their lot with Lucan and the result was the winning of the league that year.
The same season also saw the hurlers win their league and being presented with the Michael Smith Cup. Lucan had to wait another 70 years to see this cup again when they won the Junior A League in 1974.
In 1904–05, Lucan Sarsfields also won the Camogie Championship.
The club's footballers were prominent in the 1920s and 1930s. The high point of this era was a victory over a Garda team in 1929 who were the Dublin Senior Football Championship winners at the time.
The hurlers captured the limelight in the 1960s winning the Junior 'B' Hurling League. They won the Corn Céitinn in 1966 and so became the first Junior Hurling team ever to capture this title.
1970s and 1980s.
The club's footballers were back to the forefront in the 1970s with the help of the club's active juvenile section. The winning of the Dublin Junior Football Championship in 1977 and entry into Intermediate ranks quickly followed success at Under 21 level.
In 1988 a huge ambition was realised when Senior status was achieved. They beat St. Anne's in the Intermediate League Final. Some lean times followed and it reverted to Intermediate status.
1990s.
The footballers again achieved Senior status in 1995 following a Dublin Intermediate Football Championship victory over St Vincents after a replay in Lawless Park in Swords. Further success followed and the footballers now compete in Division 1 of the Senior Football League. In 1998, the intermediate hurlers won three cup competitions, Corn Céitinn, Corn Fogarty and Corn. They followed up with in 1999 by winning the Intermediate League and Dublin Intermediate Hurling Championship and were competing in Division 2 of the Senior Hurling League.
Club grounds.
For many years the club had no permanent pitches. In the early years, games were played at the 12 Lock, Bleach Green in the Demesne (close to Weir View), in a field behind Vesey Park and later on land in Doddsboro, in Tandy's Lane and in Ballydowd. On the morning of a game some of the club members would go to one of these fields and erect posts which would have to be taken down that evening.
In 1952, the Dublin County Board leased grounds in Ballydowd, behind the Foxhunter Pub and gave the club official use of these grounds. This was home for the club for the next 18 years. Dressing rooms consisted of old wooden railway carriages.
In 1970 however, the County Board lost control of the ground and the club was again homeless until granted the use of County Council pitches in Doddsboro where Airlie Heights is now situated.
1976 saw the club move again, this time to County Council grounds near Arthur Griffith Park. It was around this time that the club realised the need for a home of its own and, in 1978, the grounds at the 12th Lock were purchased for the sum of £51,500. Initial finance was provided by members by way of an interest free loan of £50 per head.
Following significant population growth in Lucan in the late 20th century, and new membership of the Lucan Sarsfields club, a new clubhouse was built in 2001. This facility has a bar and function room, viewing balcony, 5 dressing rooms with showers, gym and club shop.
In the early 21st century, the club decided to undertake a project to develop an all-weather playing facility at its grounds at 12th Lock. It was decided that the training pitch would be developed into a 100 m × 60 m synthetic surface. Work commenced during the summer of 2009 and was completed by December 2009. The fully flood lit pitch is enclosed by fencing and netting and was officially opened by the Taoiseach Brian Cowen in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6914187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914187" title="Stephen O'Flynn">
Stephen O'Flynn

Stephen O'Flynn (born 27 April 1982) is an Irish retired footballer who played as a striker.
Career.
League of Ireland.
O'Flynn was capped for Ireland at under-age levels. He also had spells at Cork City and Limerick when he was younger where he was very impressive at the latter. He then re signed for Cork City in 2004 and played alongside Kevin Doyle, however he was sidelined for most of the season through injury.
Following the injury, Stephen signed for Stephen Kenny's Derry City in 2005. The move reignited his career and he weighed in with several goals for Derry City including a winner against IFK Göteborg in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup in August 2006. However, when Pat Fenlon took over at Derry, he was released by the club on 14 December 2006 after 9 goals in 48 appearances.
He was signed by Galway United in preparation for their 2007 season. He was released by United in July 2008. In the same month, he returned to Limerick until the end of the 2009 season after having another injury hit season at Galway. There, O'Flynn made an impact on his return to League of Ireland football in the First Division scoring 14 goals in just 13 appearances. At the end of the 2009 season, O'Flynn made the Division One team of the year.
English football.
When he was younger, he spent a period of time at Wimbledon before he moved to Irish football. In January 2010, he held talks with English League Two Side Northampton Town, after an impressive two-week trial. On 5 January, O'Flynn signed a contract with the Cobblers until the end of the 2009–10 season. He was released by the club on 12 May 2010 along with five other players.
Return to the League of Ireland.
O'Flynn returned to Limerick in the mid-season transfer window on 21 June 2010.
O'Flynn spoke of his delight on returning to the club he regards as home saying, 
St Patrick's Athletic.
O'Flynn announced on his Twitter account that he had signed for Premier Division side St.Patrick's Athletic, in January 2012. O'Flynn started off life at the Inchicore club, scoring on his first start away to Dundalk in a 2–0 win.
O'Flynn again netted a crucial away goal against Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja in the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
On Monday 25 February 2013, O'Flynn announced his retirement.
Institute.
On 3 January 2014, he made his return to football, signing for (then NIFL Championship 1 club) Institute.
He scored his first goal for the club on his debut in a 1–1 draw away to Coagh United on 11 January 2014.
He won the Belfast Telegraph NIFL Championship 1 with the club in his first season, scoring 8 league goals in 10 games.
He opened his NIFL Premiership goalscoring account on the first day of the 2014/15 season; with both of his team's goals in a 2–2 draw away to Dungannon Swifts.
Crusaders.
In December 2014 it was announced he would join Crusaders in January 2015. He made his debut as a substitute on 3 January against Ballinamallard United, before scoring his first goal in the next game, a 6-0 Irish Cup victory over Newington. O'Flynn was found frustrated by his lack of first team action in the 2015–2016 season and had a transfer request accepted in January.
Ballinamallard United.
On Monday 25 January 2016 O'Flynn joined Ballinamallard United in a loan deal until the end of the season.
Glentoran.
O'Flynn joined Glentoran on a pre contract agreement ahead of the 2016–17 NIFL Premiership season.
Donegal Celtic.
Following his release by Glentoran at the end of the 2016–17 season, O'Flynn joined west Belfast club Donegal Celtic on a free transfer. On 1 January, O'Flynn rejoined former club Ballinamallard United on loan until the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="6914189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914189" title="Jacopo da Empoli">
Jacopo da Empoli

Jacopo da Empoli (30 April 1551 – 30 September 1640) was an Italian Florentine Reformist painter.
Born in Florence as Jacopo Chimenti (Empoli being the birthplace of his father), he worked mostly in his native city. He apprenticed under Maso da San Friano. Like his contemporary in Counter-Maniera (Counter-Mannerism), Santi di Tito, he moved into a style often more crisp, less contorted, and less crowded than mannerist predecessors like Vasari. He collaborated with Alessandro Tiarini in some projects. His younger brother, Domenico Chimenti, born in Empoli, was also a painter. Among his pupils were Felice Ficherelli, Giovanni Battista Brazzè ("Il Bigio"), Giovanni Battista Vanni, and Virgilio Zaballi.
Finally, working in a thematic often shunned by Florentine painters, after the 1620s he completed a series of exceptional still-life paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="6914194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914194" title="Feel the Noize – Greatest Hits">
Feel the Noize – Greatest Hits

Feel The Noize – Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the British rock band Slade. It was released in January 1997 and reached No. 19 in the UK charts, remaining in the charts for six weeks. The success of the compilation encouraged other bands of the Glam Rock era to release their own 'Greatest Hits' packages. At the time, a resurgence in Seventies music was happening, due to the constant mentions from Blur's Damon Albarn and Oasis's Noel Gallagher.
Critical reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic wrote: "A fine collection including many tracks from Slade's hitmaking heyday, "Feel the Noize: Greatest Hits" stretches from the group's hit singles of the early '70s beginning with 1971's "Get Down and Get with It" all the way to 1991's "Radio Wall of Sound." In between those two songs is a selection of the group's big, dumb, irresistible, and misspelled hits. It also features latter-day hits like "My Oh My," but Slade never got better than they did at their stomping glitter-rock peak, and "Feel the Noize" captures the essence of that era."

</doc>
<doc id="6914198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914198" title="UNee">
UNee



</doc>
<doc id="6914199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914199" title="Hinode (satellite)">
Hinode (satellite)

Hinode (; , , Sunrise), formerly Solar-B, is a Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Solar mission with United States and United Kingdom collaboration. It is the follow-up to the Yohkoh (Solar-A) mission and it was launched on the final flight of the M-V rocket from Uchinoura Space Center, Japan on 22 September 2006 at 21:36 UTC (23 September, 06:36 JST). Its initial orbit was perigee height 280 km, apogee height 686 km, inclination 98.3 degrees, after which the satellite maneuvered to the quasi-circular Sun-synchronous orbit over the day/night terminator, which allows near-continuous observation of the Sun. On 28 October 2006, the probe's instruments captured their first images.
The data from Hinode are being downloaded to the Norwegian, terrestrial Svalsat station, operated by "Kongsberg" a few kilometres west of Longyearbyen, Svalbard. From there, data is transmitted by Telenor through a fibre-optic network to mainland Norway at Harstad, and on to data users in North America, Europe and Japan.
Mission.
Hinode was planned as a three-year mission to explore the magnetic fields of the Sun. It consists of a coordinated set of optical, extreme ultraviolet (EUV), and x-ray instruments to investigate the interaction between the Sun's magnetic field and its corona. The result will be an improved understanding of the mechanisms that power the solar atmosphere and drive solar eruptions. The EUV imaging spectrometer (EIS) was built by a consortium led by the Mullard Space Science Laboratory (MSSL) in the UK. NASA, the space agency of the United States, was involved with three science instrument components: the Focal Plane Package (FPP), the X-Ray Telescope (XRT), and the Extreme Ultraviolet Imaging Spectrometer (EIS) and shares operations support for science planning and instrument command generation.
, the operation is planned to continue until 2033.
Instruments.
Hinode carries three main instruments to study the Sun.
SOT (Solar Optical Telescope).
A 0.5 meter Gregorian optical telescope with an angular resolution of about 0.2 arcsecond over the field of view of about 400 x 400 arcsec. At the SOT focal plane, the Focal Plane Package (FPP) built by the Lockheed Martin Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory in Palo Alto, California consists of three optical instruments: the Broadband Filter Imager (BFI) which produces images of the solar photosphere and chromosphere in six wide-band interference filters; the Narrowband Filter Imager (NFI) which is a tunable Lyot-type birefringent filter capable of producing magnetogram and dopplergram images of the solar surface; and the Spectropolarimeter (SP) which produces the most sensitive vector magnetograph maps of the photosphere to date.
The FPP also includes a Correlation Tracker (CT) which locks onto solar granulation to stabilize the SOT images to a fraction of an arcsecond. The spatial resolution of the SOT is a factor of 5 improvement over previous space-based solar telescopes (e.g., the MDI instrument on the SOHO).
XRT (X-ray Telescope).
A modified Wolter I telescope design that uses grazing incidence optics to image the solar corona's hottest components (0.5 to 10 Million K) with an angular resolution consistent with 1 arcsec pixels at the CCD. The telescope has an imaging field of view of 34 arcminutes. It is capable of capturing an image of the full sun when pointed at the center of the solar disk. The telescope was designed and built by Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory (SAO), which, with the Harvard College Observatory (HCO) form the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA). The camera was developed by NAOJ and JAXA.
EIS (Extreme-Ultraviolet Imaging Spectrometer).
A normal incidence extreme ultraviolet (EUV) spectrometer that obtains spatially resolved spectra in two wavelength bands: 17.0–21.2 and 24.6–29.2 nm. Spatial resolution is around 2 arcsec, and the field of view is up to 560 x 512 arcsec2. The emission lines in the EIS wavelength bands are emitted at temperatures ranging from 50,000 K to 20 million K. EIS is used to identify the physical processes involved in heating the solar corona.

</doc>
<doc id="6914200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914200" title="Colma (album)">
Colma (album)

Colma is the fourth studio album by guitarist Buckethead. It was released on March 24, 1998, on CyberOctave records. The album was recorded for Buckethead's mother, who at the time was sick with colon cancer, and he wanted to make an album which she would enjoy listening to while recovering.
Berklee College of Music alumna Teri Untalan appeared as a guest musician on two tracks of the album. In a 2009 interview, she recalled Buckethead as being "an odd one, an elusive character."
Background.
"Colma" is somewhat of a departure for the artist, featuring more acoustic guitar than is typical of his albums. Additionally, "Colma" mostly contains simple bass guitar, lead guitar, and drum patterns, in contrast to much of Buckethead's music that emphasizes speed and virtuosity.
Reception.
Critical reception was mixed to positive. James Lien of "CMJ New Music Monthly" writes that "Colma"'s melodies are "geometric and mathematical-sounding, almost like Bach or modern classical music." Andy Gill of "The Independent" describes the mood of the album as "reflective" saying, "[Buckethead uses] the dry, neutral tone favoured by jazz guitarists on a series of discreet instrumentals."
Gill describes the tracks "Ghost" and "Hills of Eternity" as being "ruminative, sluggish pieces sprinkled with limpid droplets of guitar." He also thought the title-track, "Colma", closed the album "like the twinkle of a long-dead star." Reviewer Jeff Clutterbuck of "The Daily Vault" considers "Watching the Boats With My Dad" to be an authentic, emotional track writing that "[It] is so wistful and flows so gently, you have to believe it was inspired by a real moment." On the other hand, "Big Sur Moon" offers a change of style in guitar playing showcasing Buckethead's consistent quick rhythmic ability on acoustic guitar.
Rick Anderson of AllMusic gave the album three stars out of a possible five, writing "the material is surprisingly pleasant" for Buckethead, with a "contemplative" quality to most songs. Anderson criticized the "unimaginative production" and thought Buckethead's lackluster bass playing was disappointing compared to his guitar work.

</doc>
<doc id="6914201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914201" title="Unee">
Unee



</doc>
<doc id="6914204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914204" title="Beyond the Beltway">
Beyond the Beltway

Beyond the Beltway was a nationally syndicated radio political talk show based in Chicago that debuted on WBEZ 91.5 FM on June 26, 1980, as "Inside Politics". It was airing on Sundays on 14 terrestrial radio stations as well as online at beyondthebeltway.com and on the show's YouTube channel and Facebook page when it ended production in January 2025. In February 2015, "Beyond the Beltway" was removed from the lineup of Chicago's 50,000-watt WLS 890 AM, the show's flagship station since November 1992, and picked up by WCGO 1590 AM, a 10,000-watt station based out of Evanston, Illinois. In July 2021, WIND 560 AM, a 5,000-watt station headquartered in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, became the show's newest flagship station (although "Beltway" didn't air until 10 PM CST on WIND despite being recorded live four hours earlier) after WCGO dropped "Beltway" from its schedule. On October 30, 2022, host Bruce DuMont announced that he was taking an "indefinite hiatus" from the show due to health issues; longtime guests Jeanne Ives and Eric Kohn took over as the new hosts of "Beltway" in November. However, DuMont returned just three and a half months later, on February 19, 2023. On January 10, 2025, "Radio Ink"'s website reported that "Beyond the Beltway" would air its final installment on January 19 because of DuMont's "health challenges."
The show was videotaped live at the Museum of Broadcast Communications, which DuMont founded in 1987, until 2020, when its base of operations moved to WCGO's studio (and DuMont's residence after he contracted COVID-19 in the fall of 2020), then WIND's studio in July 2021, and was shown from 1 to 2 AM Central on Monday nights on Total Living Network in the Chicago area from March 2022 until January 2025; the televised version of "Beltway" was also broadcast in a half-hour format on WYCC, Chicago's secondary PBS station, on Sunday nights from 1996 until the station went off the air in 2017, and a one-hour version aired at various times throughout the week on CN100 in the Chicago area until early 2022. (In October 2010, DuMont temporarily changed the title of the televised version to "Inside Politics", which had been the radio show's title for its first 14 years on the air.) "Beyond the Beltway" made headlines in March 2012 when DuMont challenged Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum for criticizing President Obama's stance on prosecuting child pornographers.
"Beltway" began airing on Sirius XM Satellite Radio (POTUS Channel 124) in September 2007. On November 29, 2018, DuMont launched a GoFundMe campaign "to purchase satellite radio services" for the show; he set a goal of $8,000 and eight months later had raised more than $3,100. Then in December 2019 DuMont changed the goal to $10,000; by October of the following year, he had raised $8,700. However, in December 2020 media blogger Robert Feder reported that DuMont had "signed a new satellite distribution deal with Salem Radio Network, effective January 3."

</doc>
<doc id="6914205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914205" title="Bihor (region)">
Bihor (region)

Bihor is a geographical region in northeastern Montenegro, located near Jagoče and northeast of Lopare. The area falls under three municipalities: Berane, Bijelo Polje and Petnjica. It is named after Bihor, a former medieval town once located near Bijelo Polje. The region is mainly inhabited by Bosniaks, with a minority of Serbs and Montenegrins.
Geology.
Upper Bihor covers an area of approximately with an average altitude of . The region has a wide variety of terrain types, with high mountains, river valleys, glacial and karst landforms and volcanic mountains. The Bosniak inhabitants of the area consider Upper Bihor to be a part of southwestern Sandžak.
History.
In 1455, the Ottomans captured the city of Bihor. The town developed in the 16th century as the center of a kadiluk, with a garrison holding eight timars in 1530. The Ottoman conquest did not change the ethnic structure of the area which, in the 16th century, was inhabited only by Christians, Serbs and Serbianized Vlachs. And although the Islamization of the population of the city of Bihor began with the Ottoman rule, it did not spread outside the town until the end of the 17th century. Gypsies are also mentioned as living in the area in 1566, while Albanian soldiers appear in the mid-17th century as part of the Ottoman garrison of the city. 
Bijelo Polje (Akova) in the late Ottoman period was one of the five kazas (districts) of the sanjak of Novi Pazar. The Bulgarian foreign ministry compiled a report in 1901-02 about the demographics of the sanjak. According to the Bulgarian report, in the kaza of Akova there were 47 Albanian villages which had 1,266 households. Serbs lived in 11 villages which had 216 households. The town of Akova (Bijelo Polje) had 100 Albanian and Serb households. There were also mixed villages - inhabited by both Serbs and Albanians - which had 115 households with 575 inhabitants.
The area became part of Montenegro in the First Balkan War. After the Balkan Wars and the fall of the Ottoman Empire, heavy pressure led the Muslims from Bihor to move to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo and Turkey. In 1914, a few thousand people from Bihor left for Turkey, while followers of Eastern Orthodoxy began to settle in various other parts of Montenegro.
During World War II, Montenegro was occupied by the Italian army, reinforced locally by several detachments of Albanians from Kosovo and Muslims from Bihor. The Muslim unit from the Petnjica area was commanded by Osman Rastoder, Arslan Đukić and Osman Cikotić. Following the 13 July Uprising, a militia commanded by Osman Rastoder attacked Christian villages from the Berane and Rožaje areas, at the end of July and the beginning of August 1941. The attackers burned and looted houses belonging to Christians, killed several of them and destroyed entire villages. In 1943, Bihor was a buffer zone between the Italian-controlled part of Montenegro and the Albanian quisling state. Based in Montenegro, Chetnik forces under the command of Pavle Đurišić conducted a series of ethnic cleansing operations against Muslims in the region. A first massacre of the Muslim population from Bihor took place in January 1943 and led to thousands of people fleeing to Albanian-controlled areas such as Rožaje or Peja. "Muhajirs" (refugees) from Bihor numbered several thousand people. A contemporary letter from one of them who moved to Albania, addressed to the Prime Minister of Albania, considered them to be almost 10,000. A memorandum from Bihor sent to the Albanian government urged Ekrem Libohova to take the necessary measures for the protection of the local Albanians and the unification of the area with Albania. It mentions that 6,000 to 7,000 refugees from Bihor were living in Peja, Kosovo. 
According to modern Bosniak historian Fehim Džogović, while the primary documents mentions populations involved as Albanians, the people in question should be viewed as a reference to the modern Bosniak (Slavic-speaking Muslim) population in the same area.
In the late 1940s, people from Bihor began moving to Vojvodina as colonists. Because of hard life in their new home, some people came back to Bihor. The migration of Muslims from this area to Turkey was intensive between 1956 and 1958. Today, the population is predominantly made up of Bosniaks with a minority of Serbs and Montenegrins.
Families.
There are 73 surnames of villagers found in Upper Bihor: 

</doc>
<doc id="6914209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914209" title="Lee Hye-Ryun">
Lee Hye-Ryun



</doc>
<doc id="6914215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914215" title="Elqui Province">
Elqui Province

Elqui Province () is a province in the Chilean region of Coquimbo (IV). The provincial capital is the city of Coquimbo.
Geography and demography.
According to the 2012 census by the National Statistics Institute ("INE"), the province spans an area of and had a population of 442,999 inhabitants, giving it a population density of . It is the ninth most populated province in the country. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 28.3% (80,613 persons).

</doc>
<doc id="6914217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914217" title="Ben Challenger">
Ben Challenger

Benjamin Arthur Challenger (born 7 March 1978) is an English retired high jumper. His career highlight is winning a silver medal at the Commonwealth Games and competing at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Born in Loughborough, Leicestershire, Challenger attended Shepshed High School and later he studied sports science at Loughborough University (a course he later abandoned in favour of full-time high jump training). As a youth he considered a career in basketball, and toured the US with the Leicester Riders, leading to offers from NBA talent scouts acting for US universities, which he turned down.
He represented England at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, winning a silver medal, and his personal best jump of 2.30 metres was achieved when he won the 1999 Summer Universiade. At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, he represented Great Britain in the high jump event.
He represented the England team again at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester and won a bronze medal.
Challenger was a five-times British high jump champion after winning the British AAA Championships title from 2000 to 2005.
He is the son of the Showaddywaddy drummer, Romeo Challenger, and the brother of singer Tamzin Challenger.
Challenger is married to recruitment consultant and fitness instructor Lucy. Together they run Studio Challenger in Berkshire, a pilates school.

</doc>
<doc id="6914220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914220" title="Smart Watch">
Smart Watch



</doc>
<doc id="6914221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914221" title="Skip Tarkenton">
Skip Tarkenton



</doc>
<doc id="6914228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914228" title="Renee Lynn Vicary">
Renee Lynn Vicary

Renée Lynn Vicary (June 12, 1957 – February 18, 2002) was an American competitive female bodybuilder from Erie, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6914231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914231" title="Olivera Jevtic">
Olivera Jevtic



</doc>
<doc id="6914232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914232" title="Moron AFB">
Moron AFB



</doc>
<doc id="6914237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914237" title="Frequency-modulation">
Frequency-modulation



</doc>
<doc id="6914238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914238" title="Ted Cieslak">
Ted Cieslak

Thaddeus Walter Cieslak (November 22, 1912 – May 9, 1993) was an American Major League Baseball third baseman who played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1944. The 27-year-old rookie stood and weighed 175 lbs.
Cieslak was one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major-league debut on April 18, 1944, in a home game against the Brooklyn Dodgers at Shibe Park.
In 85 games, he was 54-for-220 (.245), and 21 walks and one hit-by-pitch pushed his on-base percentage up to .314. He had two home runs, 11 runs batted in, and scored 18 runs. Cieslak made 15 errors in 122 total chances (.877). In five of his games Cieslak was a left fielder, and handled 12 chances without making an error.
He died in his hometown of Milwaukee, Wisconsin at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="6914239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914239" title="Michael Scott (Irish author)">
Michael Scott (Irish author)

Michael Peter Scott (born 28 September 1959) is an Irish writer of science fiction, fantasy, horror, and, under the name Anna Dillon, romance novels. He is also a collector and editor of folklore. Scott is best known for his "The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel" book series.
Career.
Early Career.
Scott traveled across Ireland as a dealer of rare and antique books before beginning his writing and directing career.
Writing.
Scott has produced over 100 books in more than 30 years of active writing. He has written short stories and novels for adults, young adults, and children, in many genres including science fiction, fantasy, horror, folklore, and romance.
His first book (inspired by his fascination with Irish mythology), "Irish Folk and Fairy Tales, volume 1", was published in 1983 and became part of a trilogy documenting a large number of Irish folk tales that had, in some cases, only been told verbally prior to his collection. The Irish Folk and Fairy Tales volumes were the culmination of Scott's extensive travels across Ireland whilst working as a book dealer, documenting the tales he found along the way.
When reviewing Scott's "The De Danann Tales", the "Irish Times" described him as "the King of Fantasy in these Isles," and the Irish Children's Book Trust in their Definitive Guide to Children's Books recognized him, for his "unparalleled contribution to Children's Literature". "The De Danann Tales" was scheduled to be a series of five books but only three were ever published. He also co-authored two books of a projected trilogy with Morgan Llywelyn, and one standalone book.
He is best known for his six-book young adult series, The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel.
Scott is also an experienced scriptwriter for stage and screen, having written for a number of projects including documentaries and drama. He once headed up the drama department in Tyrone Productions, the creators of Riverdance. While working there he scripted high-profile events such as the 2003 Special Olympics which were held in Ireland, and the Irish Film and Television Awards. Michael Scott was the Writer in Residence during Dublin's tenure as the European City of Culture in 1991 he featured in the 2006 edition of "Who's Who in Ireland" as one of the 1,000 "most significant Irish".
Scott has also written a number of drama/romance novels under the pseudonym Anna Dillon.
Doctor Who.
On 5 February 2013 Michael Scott was announced as the author of "The Nameless City", a short story commissioned by the BBC to celebrate the 50th anniversary year of the TV series "Doctor Who". The story features the second Doctor, played by Patrick Troughton and his companion Jamie McCrimmon. It was released on 23 February 2013 as an ebook initially, and featured a special celebratory printed anthology which was released alongside the final e-story on 23 November 2013 by Puffin Books
Styles and genres.
Scott's stated first love is mythology. He says that his background, growing up in Ireland with its rich mythology, led him to be naturally drawn to myths. Irish mythology emerged through history relatively unscathed and uninfluenced as they were not invaded by the Romans or Greeks. History also has a strong impact on his style, as it was his favourite subject in school. However, while he has a special taste for mythology, Scott writes what purely interests him, which has led him to write across many genres and styles. He doesn't restrict himself with genre labelling - he says is only interested in being a writer, not a writer of any specific genre.
Nicholas Flamel.
Books.
The first book in Scott's The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel six book series, ', reached #2 on the New York Times Best Seller, Children's list on 26 August 2007 and as of 24 March 2008 it had sold in excess of 150,000 copies. The second book in that series, ', reached #4 on the New York Times Best Seller list on 13 July 2008. The series has to date been printed in 20 languages and is available in 37 countries. He wrote the entire series out of fascination with history and inspiration from other places.
Online games.
"The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel" series has spawned online games, the first related online game to be launched was "The Codex Master" The game is to guess a secret code consisting of a sequence of coloured orbs by inputting various sequences and using logic. When a sequence is entered, indicators show when the player has the right colour and also when a colour is in the right or wrong position to enable them to apply logic and guess the correct sequence.
To celebrate the release of "The Sorceress" an online game was created. It was called "The Challenges of the Elder" and launched on 21 April 2009. Players are guided through the game, which is a set of four challenges, by video scenes featuring Michael Scott. The first task, the Alchemyst's challenge, required players to assemble a moving jigsaw of the series' logo against a countdown clock. The second task, the Magician's challenge, required players to turn over two books from a series of books and find matching symbols, when a matching pair was found both books burst into flames and disappeared. The task was complete when all the books had been matched. The third task, the Sorceress' challenge was a colour sequencing game where players chose coloured flasks and would have to repeat the sequence that they were shown in. Players then advanced to meet The Elder, who asked them a set of knowledge questions about the books and were given a 'coloured aura ranking' calculated from their scores and time taken to complete the tasks.
Film adaptation.
The film rights to "The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel" series became available in late 2009, and on 19 November 2009 it was announced in Variety Magazine that Lorenzo di Bonaventura had bought the film rights to the series. Michael Scott and Barry Krost will be the executive producers. The script writer has yet to be announced.
IMDb now lists "The Alchemyst" film as "in development"
Award nominations.
Scott's "The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel" series has thus far garnered him 10 literary award nominations. "The Alchemyst" was the winner of the 2008 Rhode Island Book Award (Teens) after beating 200 other nominated titles.
"The Alchemyst" was nominated for:
"The Magician" was nominated for:
"The Sorceress" was nominated for:
Bibliography.
Young readers.
Illustrated
Science Fiction
Young adult books.
Fantasy
Folk Tales
Teen Adventure
Science Fiction
Illustrated
Adult books.
Horror
Fantasy
Folk Tales
Adventure
Science fiction
Non-fiction
Illustrated

</doc>
<doc id="6914248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914248" title="Joshua Hobson">
Joshua Hobson

Joshua Hobson (1810–1876) was a British Chartist and Tory Radical who was the first publisher of the "Book of Murder", a pamphlet attacking the 1834 Poor Law Amendment Act. From 1838 to 1844 he was the publisher of the Chartist newspaper "Northern Star".
Early life.
Hobson was born in 1810 in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, there he was apprenticed as a joiner before working as a handloom weaver in nearby Oldham, Lancashire. During this time he wrote for radical papers as "the whistler at the loom".
Political activity.
Hobson was associated with the Tory radical Richard Oastler. He was elected to the first Central Committee of the National Association of United Trades for the Protection of Labour in 1845. In Leeds he established himself as a Radical publisher and printer, in Market Street, Briggate and this is described as "important in the history of radical, especially Owenite and Chartist publishing".
Publishing activity.
After publishing the Book of Murder Hobson was imprisoned for publishing further pamphlets. He was publisher and business manager of the "Northern Star", the campaigning newspaper at the head of Chartism. This advocated the abolition of the Poor Law Amendment Act and a renewal of the Ten Hours Movement and trade union movement, as well as the six points of the "People's Charter".
In January 1836 Hobson, alongside publisher Alice Mann, was fined (£100 for Mann and £80 for Hobson). In default of payment they were imprisoned in York Castle for six months. From 1855 to 1871 he was the editor of the Conservative-supporting newspaper the "Huddersfield Chronicle".

</doc>
<doc id="6914256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914256" title="Vater Unser Part II (Psalm 23)">
Vater Unser Part II (Psalm 23)

"Vater Unser, Part II (Psalm 23)" (ger. "Father of Ours, Part II (Psalm 23)") is the eighth single released by the German music project E Nomine, and appears on the 2004 album "Das Beste aus... Gottes Beitrag und Teufels Werk". This tracks is a mix of 'Vater Unser' and 'Psalm 23' from "Das Testament" (1999).
Lyric.
My Lord
Thy Kingdom come
Hallowed be Thy name
So wherever Thy reign
You are my Shepherd
Forever and ever
Amen.
Dextra, Testare
Dextra, Testare
Sigini
Sempiternus
Dextra, Testare
Dextra, Testare
Sigini
Sempiternus
Dextra, Testare
Dextra, Testare
Sigini
Sempiternus
My Lord
Thy Kingdom come
Hallowed be Thy name
So wherever Thy reign
You are my Shepherd
Forever and ever
Dextra, Testare
Dextra, Testare
Sigini
Sempiternus

</doc>
<doc id="6914259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914259" title="Shaun Holmes">
Shaun Holmes

Shaun Holmes (born 27 December 1980) is a Northern Irish footballer.
Career.
He had previously played for Derry City in the League of Ireland but was released by the club on 14 December 2006, as he was not seen as being a fundamental part of Pat Fenlon's (the new team-manager) plans. Paul Hegarty, the new manager at Finn Harps club acted quickly to snap up the free agent with whom he had worked at Derry City. Signed by Derry from Glentoran, he can operate in both a defensive and midfield role on the left side of the field.
Holmes, also formerly of Manchester City and Wrexham. On 17 August 2009 Institute signed the defender, who was recently released by Sligo Rovers.
International career.
Holmes has been capped by Northern Ireland at both full and under-21 levels. He won his first international cap in the 2002 World Cup Qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="6914260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914260" title="Amplitude-modulation">
Amplitude-modulation



</doc>
<doc id="6914267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914267" title="PDM-2M mine">
PDM-2M mine



</doc>
<doc id="6914269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914269" title="Superior palpebral artery">
Superior palpebral artery



</doc>
<doc id="6914271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914271" title="Superior palpebral">
Superior palpebral



</doc>
<doc id="6914273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914273" title="Inferior palpebral artery">
Inferior palpebral artery



</doc>
<doc id="6914280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914280" title="Thwon">
Thwon

Thwon (Nepal Bhasa:थ्वं) is a type of alcoholic beverage. It is prepared on festivals and special occasions by the Newars. It is brewed from rice. This is a kind of Country Beer. Generally it can also be called Rice beer.
Types.
There are three types of Thwon: 
The red variety is closer to wine. The white variety is thicker in consistency and can be very sweet.
The brown variety is thicker. Generally this type of Thwon is made from maize and only consumed in winter. This type of Thwon is called Taku Thwon in Nepal Bhasa language.
Cultural significance.
This drink is very closely related to the culture of Newars. It is an indispensable part of Newari rituals and festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="6914281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914281" title="ESPNU Inside the Polls">
ESPNU Inside the Polls



</doc>
<doc id="6914285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914285" title="Port Albert railway station">
Port Albert railway station

Port Albert was the original terminus station on the South Gippsland railway line, the railway opening to that station on 13 January 1892.
Early survey documents regard the station site as "Palmerston" station ground. 
The last advertised trolley service ran on 14 February 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="6914288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914288" title="Mihály Tóth">
Mihály Tóth

Mihály Tóth may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6914291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914291" title="The Very Best of Slade">
The Very Best of Slade

The Very Best of Slade is a compilation album by the British rock band Slade. It was released in 2005 and reached No. 39 in the UK charts, remaining in the charts for four weeks. The album has sold 139,390 copies as of November 2015.
A DVD of the same name was also released at the same time. It features the same material that had appeared on the 1991 VHS compilation "Wall of Hits". In addition, the band's 1972 "Set of Six" for Granada TV is included, alongside an additional number of other clips.
Critical reception.
Dave Thompson of AllMusic commented: ""The Very Best of... Slade" effectively renders every past Slade hits collection redundant, as remastered sound and a sharp eye for all the band's U.K. chart entries serve up a peerless examination of what remains one of British rock's most flawless careers. No matter that the hits went so badly off the boil around 1975-1976 - still, three-quarters of disc one is nonstop solid gold and the remainder of the set isn't far behind, as Slade's mid-'80s renaissance delivers further smashes "My Oh My" and "Run Run Away." Which would be hits enough for anybody, but the fun doesn't end there. A bonus second disc then digs into the darker recesses of the Top 75 to pull out the band's lesser successes. It's not a complete guide to Slade on 45, but it comes close enough."
Personnel.
Slade

</doc>
<doc id="6914292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914292" title="Suborbital artery">
Suborbital artery



</doc>
<doc id="6914298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914298" title="Miami Avenue">
Miami Avenue

Miami Avenue is a main north–south street running through Coconut Grove, Brickell, Downtown, and Midtown in Miami, Florida. It is the meridian road dividing the street grid of Miami and Miami-Dade County into east and west avenues.
Route description.
The southern terminus is on South Bayshore Drive in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami at Alatka Street/Mercy Way in front of Mercy Hospital. It is one way northbound from South 15th Road to South Fourth Street. It is one way southbound from North 17th Street to the Miami River downtown where it curves onto South First Avenue. At Flagler Street, the latitudinal baseline north–south road of the Miami area, extends from the central business district of downtown Miami to the west Miami-Dade, South Miami Avenue becomes North Miami Avenue. North of North 17th Street it is two way and continues north through the city of Miami until it crosses the Little River Canal after North 85th Street and enters the village of El Portal.
It continues north through El Portal a short distance until it crosses North 90th Street and enters the village of Miami Shores. It continues north through Miami Shores until it crosses North 115th Street and enters unincorporated Miami-Dade County. It continues north through Miami-Dade County until it crosses North 167th Street and enters the city of North Miami Beach where it continues north a short distance to North 173rd Street at a dead end near the Golden Glades Interchange.
The road resumes north from Miami Gardens Drive, terminating at Ives Dairy Road.
Brickell.
In Brickell, Miami Avenue is Brickell's main restaurant and nightlife avenue, with many bars, restaurants, and lounges, including the now-demolished Tobacco Road.
In 2022, Miami-Dade County commissioners and the City of Miami co-designated a stretch of South Miami Avenue (from Southeast 15th Road to Southeast 13th) as Alicia Cervera Way, honoring the Peruvian-American businesswoman and real estate figure.
Major intersections.
Miami Avenue is the dividing line between "Northwest" and "Northeast" streets. 

</doc>
<doc id="6914300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914300" title="Joseph Davey Cunningham">
Joseph Davey Cunningham

Joseph Davey Cunningham (9 June 1812 – died 28 February 1851) was a British colonial soldier and the author of the book "History of the Sikhs" (1849) and an authority in Punjab historiography. His father was the Scottish poet and author Allan Cunningham and his brother was the archaeologist Sir Alexander Cunningham. His book was the first authentic English-language account of Sikh history. During the Anglo-Sikh wars, he was present at Bhaddowal, Aliwal and Sabhraon.
Early life.
Joseph Davey Cunningham was the eldest of five sons of Allan Cunningham. At an early age he was reported to have shown such an aptitude for mathematics that his father was advised to send him to Cambridge. However, since he desired to become a soldier, a cadetship in the British East India Company's service was procured for him, through the good offices of Sir Walter Scott. After a reported brilliant career at Addiscombe Military Academy (London Borough of Croydon, England), he sailed for India in 1834. Other sources state he migrated to India in 1832 or 1837.
Career in India.
He was first employed on the staff of the chief engineer of Bengal Presidency in 1834. In 1837, he was appointed assistant to Colonel Claude Wade, the political agent in Ludhiana on the Sikh Empire and Anglo-Afghan ties. For the next eight years he held and occupied several political positions in this area under Colonel Wade and his successors until 1845. At time of the outbreak of the first Anglo-Sikh War (December 1845), he was a political agent in the state of Bahawalpur.
Upon the commencement of the conflict, he was attached first to the staff of Sir Charles Napier and then to that of Sir Hugh Gough, Commander-in-chief in India. He was present, as political officer, with the division of Sir Harry Smith at the battles of Buddawal (22 January 1846) and Aliwal (28 January 1846). At Sobraon (10 February 1846), he served as an additional aide-de-camp to the Governor-General, Sir Henry Hardinge. His services earned him a brevet and the appointment of political agent to the state of Bhopal from 1846 to 1850. As per his tombstone, he was a captain of the Bengal Engineers.
Joseph lived amongst the Sikhs for eight years and conceived of writing a first-hand account of the Sikhs in 1844 and had access to reports amid other British sources and his own testimony, as he was an eyewitness to the two Anglo-Sikh wars. He published "History of the Sikhs" in Bhopal in 1849. The book consisted of nine-chapters divided into two parts: the first part (chapters 1–4) deals with the early Sikh history involving the Sikh gurus whilst the second part (chapters 5–9) deals entirely with Anglo-Sikh relations. The second edition of the book was published in 1853 after the death of Cunningham by his brother Peter Cunningham. 
According to Cunningham, the British bested the Sikhs in the wars due to Dogra treason within the Sikh court, specifically Raja Lal Singh, Raja Tej Singh, and Gulab Singh. The book was noted for Cunningham's criticism of Sir Henry Hardinge's management of the Anglo-Sikh War and which then brought about his dismissal from political service since the views expressed in this work were anything but pleasing to his superiors. As a punishment, he was removed from his political appointment and sent back to regimental duty. The disgrace is reported to have hastened his death, and soon after his appointment to the Meerut Division of Public Works, he died at the city of Ambala, Punjab in 1851. His grave is located at the Christian Cemetery/European Cemetery on Jagadhari Road in Ambala Cantonment, with it being rediscovered in 2021 by a team of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC).

</doc>
<doc id="6914308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914308" title="Structuralism (biology)">
Structuralism (biology)

Biological or process structuralism is a school of biological thought that objects to an exclusively Darwinian or adaptationist explanation of natural selection such as is described in the 20th century's modern synthesis. It proposes instead that evolution is guided differently, by physical forces which shape the development of an animal's body, and sometimes implies that these forces supersede selection altogether.
Structuralists have proposed different mechanisms that might have guided the formation of body plans. Before Darwin, Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire argued that animals shared homologous parts, and that if one was enlarged, the others would be reduced in compensation. After Darwin, D'Arcy Thompson hinted at vitalism and offered geometric explanations in his classic 1917 book "On Growth and Form". Adolf Seilacher suggested mechanical inflation for "pneu" structures in Ediacaran biota fossils such as "Dickinsonia". Günter P. Wagner argued for developmental bias, structural constraints on embryonic development. Stuart Kauffman favoured self-organisation, the idea that complex structure emerges holistically and spontaneously from the dynamic interaction of all parts of an organism. Michael Denton argued for laws of form by which Platonic universals or "Types" are self-organised. Stephen J. Gould and Richard Lewontin proposed biological "spandrels", features created as a byproduct of the adaptation of nearby structures. Gerd B. Müller and Stuart A. Newman argued that the appearance in the fossil record of most of the phyla in the Cambrian explosion was "pre-Mendelian" evolution caused by physical factors. Brian Goodwin, described by Wagner as part of "a fringe movement in evolutionary biology", denies that biological complexity can be reduced to natural selection, and argues that pattern formation is driven by morphogenetic fields.
Darwinian biologists have criticised structuralism, emphasising that there is plentiful evidence both that natural selection is effective and, from deep homology, that genes have been involved in shaping organisms throughout evolutionary history. They accept that some structures such as the cell membrane self-assemble, but deny the ability of self-organisation to drive large-scale evolution.
History.
Geoffroy's law of compensation.
In 1830, Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire argued a structuralist case against the functionalist (teleological) position of Georges Cuvier. Geoffroy believed that homologies of structure between animals indicated that they shared an ideal pattern; these did not imply evolution but a unity of plan, a law of nature. He further believed that if one part was more developed within a structure, the other parts would necessarily be reduced in compensation, as nature always used the same materials: if more of them were used for one feature, less was available for the others.
D'Arcy Thompson's morphology.
In his "eccentric, beautiful" 1917 book "On Growth and Form", D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson revisited the old idea of "universal laws of form" to explain the observed forms of living organisms. The science writer Philip Ball states that Thompson "presents mathematical principles as a shaping agency that may supersede natural selection, showing how the structures of the living world often echo those in inorganic nature", and notes his "frustration at the 'Just So' explanations of morphology offered by Darwinians." Instead, Ball writes, Thompson elaborates on how not heredity but physical forces govern biological form. The philosopher of biology Michael Ruse similarly wrote that Thompson "had little time for natural selection", certainly preferring "mechanical explanations" and possibly straying into vitalism.
Seilacher's pneu structures.
Like Thompson, the palaeontologist Adolf Seilacher emphasised fabricational constraints on form. He interpreted fossils such as "Dickinsonia" in the Ediacaran biota as "pneu" structures determined by mechanical inflation like a quilted air mattress, rather than having been driven by natural selection.
Wagner's constraints on development.
In his 2014 book "Homology, Genes, and Evolutionary Innovation", the evolutionary biologist Günter P. Wagner argues for "the study of novelty as distinct from adaptation." He defines novelty as occurring when some part of the body develops an individual and quasi-independent existence, in other words as a distinct and recognisable structure, which he implies might occur before natural selection begins to adapt the structure for some function. He forms a structuralist picture of evolutionary developmental biology, using empirical evidence, arguing that homology and biological novelty are key aspects requiring explanation, and that developmental bias (i.e. structural constraints on embryonic development) is a key explanation for these.
Kauffman's self-organisation.
The mathematical biologist Stuart Kauffman suggested in 1993 that self-organization may play a role alongside natural selection in three areas of evolutionary biology, namely population dynamics, molecular evolution, and morphogenesis. With respect to molecular biology, Kauffman has been criticised for ignoring the role of energy in driving biochemical reactions in cells, which can fairly be called self-catalysing but which do not simply self-organise.
Denton's 'Types'.
The biochemist Michael Denton has argued a structuralist case for self-organization. In a 2013 paper, he claimed that "the basic forms of the natural world—the Types—are immanent in nature, and determined by a set of special natural biological laws, the so called 'laws of form'." He asserts that these "recurring patterns and forms" are "genuine universals". Form is in this view not shaped by natural selection, but by "self-organizing properties of particular categories of matter" and by "cosmic fine-tuning of the laws of nature". Denton has been criticised by the biochemist Laurence A. Moran as anti-Darwinian and favouring creationism.
Gould and Lewontin's spandrels.
In 1979, influenced by Seilacher among others, the paleontologist Stephen J. Gould and the population geneticist Richard Lewontin wrote what Wagner called "the most influential structuralist manifesto", "The Spandrels of San Marco and the Panglossian Paradigm". They pointed out that biological features (like architectural spandrels) did not necessarily have adaptation as their direct cause. Instead, architects couldn't help creating small triangular areas between arches and pillars, as arches need (evolve) to be curved, and pillars need to be vertical. The resulting spandrels are exaptations, consequences of other evolutionary changes. Evolution, they argued, did not select for a protruding human chin: instead, reducing the length of the tooth row left the jaw protruding.
Müller and Newman's pre-Mendelian evolution.
Extreme structuralists like Gerd B. Müller and Stuart A. Newman, inheriting the viewpoint of D'Arcy Thompson, have proposed that physical laws of structure, not genetics, govern major diversifications such as the Cambrian explosion, followed later by co-opted genetic mechanisms. They argued further that there was a "pre-Mendelian" phase of the evolution of animals, involving physical forces, before genes took over. Darwinian biologists freely admit that physical factors such as surface tension can cause self-assembly, but insist that genes play a crucial role. They note for example that deep homologies between widely separated groups of organisms, such as the signalling pathways and transcription factors of choanoflagellates and metazoans, demonstrate that genes have been involved throughout evolutionary history.
Goodwin's morphogenetic fields.
What Wagner calls "a fringe movement in evolutionary biology", the form of structuralism exemplified by Brian Goodwin, effectively denies that natural selection is important, or at least that biological complexity could be reduced to natural selection. This led to conflict with Darwinists such as Richard Dawkins. Goodwin related the old concept of a morphogenetic field to the spatial distribution of chemical signals in a developing embryo. He demonstrated with a mathematical model that a variety of patterns could be formed by choosing parameter values to set up either static geometric patterns or dynamic oscillations, implying that the signalling system involved was somehow an alternative to natural selection. Dawkins commented "He thinks he's anti-Darwinian, although he can't be, because he has no alternative explanation."
Criticism.
While agreeing that pattern formation mechanisms such as those described by Goodwin exist, the biologists Richard Dawkins, Stephen J. Gould, Lynn Margulis, and Steve Jones have criticised Goodwin for suggesting that chemical signalling forms an alternative to natural selection.
Moran, a "skeptical biochemist", comments that 'structuralism' is a "new buzzword ... guaranteed to impress the creationist crowd because nobody understands what it means but it sounds very 'sciency' and philosophical." The philosopher of science Paul E. Griffiths writes that structuralists "view this structuring of the space of biological possibility as part of the fundamental physical structure of nature. But the phenomena of phylogenetic inertia and developmental constraint do not support this interpretation. These phenomena show that the evolutionary pathways available to an organism are a function of the developmental structure of the organism."
Moran summarizes: "There's nothing in science that supports the views of the structuralists. We have perfectly good explanations for why bumblebees are different than mushrooms and why all vertebrates have vertebrae and not exoskeletons. There's no evidence to support the idea that if you replay the tape of life it will come out looking anything like what we see today. You can be confident that when you visit another planet you will not find vertebrates."
The evolutionary developmental biologist Lewis Held wrote that "The notion that aspects of anatomy can be explained by physical forces (like expansion cracking) was advocated ~ 100 years earlier in D'Arcy Thompson's 1917 "On Growth and Form" and in Theodore Cook's 1914 book "The Curves of Life". Over the intervening century, various traits have been proposed to arise "mechanically" rather than "genetically": brain convolutions, cartilage condensations, flower corrugations, tooth cusps, and fish otoliths. To this kooky list we can now add the crooked smile of the crocodile, or at least the cracked skin that surrounds it."

</doc>
<doc id="6914312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914312" title="Infectious invalidity">
Infectious invalidity

Infectious invalidity is a doctrine of property law that provides that under certain defined circumstances because one action is improper another action is invalid. If applicable, the failure of certain transfers may cause interests that are otherwise valid to fail also. This approach was taken in the Massachusetts case of "New England Trust Co. v. Sanger", 337 Mass. 342, 149 N.E.2d 598 (1958).
The Restatement (2d) of Property, which is a treatise describing general legal principles applied by the courts in the United States states that 
Infectious invalidity means that the failure of certain transfers may cause interests that are otherwise valid to fail also. This approach was taken in New England Trust Co. v. Sanger, 337 Mass. 342, 149 N.E.2d 598 (1958). A trust provided for income to be paid to the surviving children of the settlor's brother for life, and on the death of the last surviving child of the settlor's brother, an equal division of the trust principle was to be made among the issue of the children of the settlor's brother. The gift to the issue of the brother's children failed, because the ascertainment of issue could not be made until the brother's children died, and the brother might have children born after the creation of the trust who might not die within the permissible period. However, a later trust had been established by the settlor, which stated that if any provision in the first trust indenture should be declared invalid, any income or principal which reverted to his estate should be deemed held in trust by the settlor for the benefit of his brother's children and their issue. Applying the doctrine of infectious invalidity to avoid a distortion of the settlor's "clear desire," the court held that the second trust should govern the trust distribution. It stated that by striking down all the gifts, valid and invalid, made in the first trust, and by giving effect to the second trust, the settlor's plan for the income gifts was substantially carried out. [§ 1.5 comment 7] 
In zoning law, infectious invalidity is a principle where a parcel of land that itself complies with zoning requirements is considered to be in violation of zoning laws because of the circumstances of its creation. The situation arises when a parcel of land is improperly divided into two lots, resulting in one of the new lot conforming to the applicable zoning standards and one lot not conforming. The legal principle is applied resulting in the conforming lot being deemed to be infected because of the illegal condition created on the other lot and the creation of the two lots is deemed invalid. Infectious invalidity affects both zoning and property ownership rights.

</doc>
<doc id="6914315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914315" title="Maja squinado">
Maja squinado

Maja squinado (the European spider crab, spiny spider crab or spinous spider crab) is a species of migratory crab found in the Mediterranean Sea. The appearance of the European spider crab is similar to the much larger Japanese spider crab, although the European spider crab belongs to the family Majidae, and the Japanese spider crab belongs to a different family of crabs, the Macrocheiridae.
Taxonomy.
A review of the species complex around "M. squinado" was able to differentiate between specimens from the Mediterranean Sea and those from the Atlantic, and concluded that the Atlantic specimens were a separate species, called "Maja brachydactyla" Balss, 1922. The specific epithet "squinado" derives from the Provençal name for the species – ', ', ' or ' — recorded by Rondelet as early as 1554.
Young.
The young of "M. squinado" are slightly longer than 1mm after hatching, and weigh approximately 0.12 mg at this time. Within 4–8 days, the larva molts numerous times, finally ending with morphological changes that presumably include the further development and increase in size of the cephalothorax. In a second phase, the Carapace grows to a length of approx. 2mm, and weighs approx. 0.3 mg.
The larva then undergoes metamorphosis to the first juvenile instar, and changes its planktonic life to a benthic one (living on the sea floor). Its appearance is also similar to that of the adult animal. From this stage only growth and the formation of sexual maturity follows. In observations under laboratory conditions, approx. 10.5% of the hatched zoea made it to this stage. The same conditions in terms of food, temperature and the like cannot be created in a laboratory. Animals in the first juvenile stage perform their first molt about 21 days after hatching, and therefore enter the second juvenile stage. 
Here there is a considerable increase in the length of the carapace to approx. 4.51 mm. The second molt marks the beginning of the third juvenile stage, the animal now has the appearance of the adult, with a carapace length of approx. 5.63 mm, but is not sexually mature.
Juvenile animals spend another 2 years moulting and growing in size. The juvenile animals live in shallow water in winter, between rocks in coastal kelp forests. They spend the summer on small rocky reefs at a depth of only about 4 m. After this time, they reach a carapace length between 6–13 cm, with no noticeable sex-specific differences. During this time they are not yet sexually mature.
There are two main periods for the critical molts that follow the approximately two-year period of growth leading to sexual maturity: the first, the prepubertal, in April, and the second, the pubertal, from July to October. However, in captive animals it has been noticed that in very large individuals that are in the phase before one of the two molts, one molt may be lost entirely, or be very late. Likewise, three molts have been observed on some individual specimens. The average time interval between the two critical molts is 104 days. Typically, the carapace length in animals that are already comparatively large increases less after molting, relative to the initial size, than that of smaller animals. This also explains why there is a smaller increase in length (approx. 27%) in the pubescent molt than in the prepubertal (approx. 36%).
Diet &amp; Behavior.
As with many species, "M. squinado's" behavior is dependent on many things. Some of the factors include size, life history, and age. Migrations generally take place in autumn, with some crabs covering over in 8 months. All crabs are vulnerable to predation when moulting, and "M. squinado" becomes gregarious around that time, presumably for defense against predators. Females can produce up to four broods per year. "M. squinado" has been documented to feed on macroalgae and benthic invertebrates. From a 1992 study done in Galicia, seaweeds from the Laminariaceae, "Corallina" spp., molluscs, the gastropods "Bittium" spp., Trochiidae, the bivalve "Mytilus" spp., echinoderms, and others were observed as part of the diet of this particular species.
Fishery.
"M. squinado" is the subject of commercial fishery, with over 5,000 tonnes caught annually. More than 70% off the coast of France, over 10% off the coast of the United Kingdom, 6% from the Channel Islands, 3% from each of Spain and Ireland, 2% from Croatia, 1% from Portugal, and the remainder coming from Montenegro, Denmark, and Morocco, although official production figures are open to doubt. The European Union imposes a minimum landing size of 120 mm for "M. squinado", and some individual countries have other regulations, such as a ban on landing egg-bearing females in Spain and a closed season in France and the Channel Islands. However, fisheries can fall due to bad management and environmental degradation. Another notable consideration is that "M. squinado" is currently endangered meaning it is harder for fishermen to catch.

</doc>
<doc id="6914318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914318" title="Woodside railway station, Victoria">
Woodside railway station, Victoria

Woodside was the original terminus station on the Woodside railway line, and opened in June 1923. It closed in May 1953, along with the other stations on the line, apart from .

</doc>
<doc id="6914319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914319" title="Declan Lally">
Declan Lally

Declan Lally, or Déaglán Ó Maolalaidh, is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays the left half forward position at senior level for the Dublin county team. Lally won 5 Leinster titles and one All Ireland title.
Playing career.
Lally was on the DCU side that won the 2006 Sigerson Cup winning player of the match in the final. He was also on the Dublin side that won the 2006 Leinster Senior Football Championship against Offaly. Lally was on the winning sides for Dublin in the U21 Leinster football championship finals against Longford (2003) and Wicklow (2002) scoring goals in both finals. The 2003 game was the first time since 1974–75 that Dublin won back to back Leinster U-21 football championship titles. Dublin went on to win the 2003 U21 All-Ireland football championship. Lally studied finance at NUI Maynooth and for his master's degree in Dublin City University. Lally was on the winning side for the 2006 Railway Cup victory for Leinster against Connacht which was played in Boston, Massachusetts, US. Lally was on Dublin's winning team for the 2008 O'Byrne Cup which defeated Longford in the final. At the beginning of April 2008 Lally decided to take a break from inter-county football and to travel. In 2007, he worked in Ladyswell National School before taking up a position with Bank of Ireland. Lally then played for McAnespies in Boston, USA winning both the Boston and North American championships for the club's second time ever. After spending a year in the UK, Lally returned to Ireland to win an All-Ireland with the Dublin football team and then as a primary school teacher at Mary Mother of hope senior national school.

</doc>
<doc id="6914324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914324" title="Maps for Lost Lovers">
Maps for Lost Lovers

Maps for Lost Lovers is a novel by the British Pakistani writer Nadeem Aslam. It was first published by Faber and Faber in 2004.
Ostensibly about the murder of a pair of lovers, the book is in fact a minute dissection of working-class Pakistani immigrant communities that have settled in the north of England over the last 40 years. Aslam spent 11 years writing this book; according to an interview, the first chapter alone took him 6 years to complete. The novel received widespread acclaim on publication, with critics repeatedly referring to the quality of its prose, its remarkable characters, and its exposé of the tortured immigrant experience.

</doc>
<doc id="6914325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914325" title="Big biz tycoon 2">
Big biz tycoon 2



</doc>
<doc id="6914328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914328" title="European spider crab">
European spider crab



</doc>
<doc id="6914329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914329" title="European Spider Crab">
European Spider Crab



</doc>
<doc id="6914330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914330" title="Spiny spider crab">
Spiny spider crab



</doc>
<doc id="6914331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914331" title="Spiny Spider Crab">
Spiny Spider Crab



</doc>
<doc id="6914332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914332" title="Spinous spider crab">
Spinous spider crab



</doc>
<doc id="6914333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914333" title="Spinous Spider Crab">
Spinous Spider Crab



</doc>
<doc id="6914334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914334" title="Laptev sea">
Laptev sea



</doc>
<doc id="6914335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914335" title="David Oakley">
David Oakley

David K. Oakley (April 27, 1945 – July 2, 2006) was an American professional golfer whose greatest success came on the European Seniors Tour.
Early life.
Oakley was born in New York, but grew up in Panama City, Florida. He got started in golf by his mother, who thought a nine-hole course near their home would make a fine babysitter for Oakley and his brother. Oakley was the older brother of American professional golfer Pete Oakley.
Amateur career.
Oakley attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he was a walk-on member of coach Buster Bishop's Florida Gators men's golf team from 1965 to 1967. As a Gator golfer, he was a member of teams that won Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships in 1965 and 1967. He graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in business administration in 1967.
Professional career.
In 1970, Oakley turned pro. He played in Europe, Asia, Canada, and the United States. In 1976, he stopped working as a touring professional to concentrate on a business career unrelated to golf.
Re-instated amateur status.
Oakley regained his amateur status during this era. He worked for ten years as a hotel liquidator and then nine years as a furniture store manager.
Second professional career.
In 1996, Oakley returned to professional golf and played on various senior circuits. He had much success on the European Senior Tour where he won four times. He was fifth on the European Seniors Tour career money list at one point.
Personal life.
Oakley died in Orlando, Florida, from prostate cancer at the age of 61. He was survived by his wife Doris and sons James and Christopher.
Professional wins (4).
European Seniors Tour wins (4).
European Seniors Tour playoff record (1–0)

</doc>
<doc id="6914340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914340" title="Sean friars">
Sean friars



</doc>
<doc id="6914343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914343" title="Maja brachydactyla">
Maja brachydactyla

Maja brachydactyla is a species of crab in the family Majidae. It was initially described as a subspecies of "M. squinado." A review of the species complex published in 1998 was able to differentiate between specimens from the Mediterranean Sea and those from the Atlantic Ocean, and concluded that the Atlantic specimens were a separate species, accepted as "M. brachydactyla" Balss, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="6914344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914344" title="Maia brachydactyla">
Maia brachydactyla



</doc>
<doc id="6914349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914349" title="Villa Hortensia">
Villa Hortensia



</doc>
<doc id="6914350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914350" title="Maia squinado">
Maia squinado



</doc>
<doc id="6914352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914352" title="AtmosphereBBDO">
AtmosphereBBDO



</doc>
<doc id="6914353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914353" title="Parietal branch">
Parietal branch

Parietal branch (a branch near the parietal bone) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914355" title="Tench Francis">
Tench Francis

Tench Francis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914358" title="Joe Antolick">
Joe Antolick

Joseph Antolick (April 11, 1916 – June 25, 2002) was an American professional baseball catcher and manager, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies. He appeared in four games, in , as a 28-year-old rookie. During his playing days, Antolick stood tall, weighing ; he batted and threw right-handed.
Antolick is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the Majors during World War II. His pro career began in 1938 and extended through 1951, but the highest minor league level he reached was Class A (roughly equivalent to Double-A today) with the Utica Blue Sox of the Eastern League in 1945. A season earlier, he was recalled by the Phillies after the 1944 minor league season—which he spent with the Class B Wilmington Blue Rocks—for his big-league debut on September 20, 1944, in a home game against the Cincinnati Reds at Shibe Park. Facing ace right-hander Bucky Walters as a pinch hitter, he grounded out, Walters to first baseman Frank McCormick. Five days later, he started his only MLB game at catcher and collected his first hit, a single off the Chicago Cubs' Charlie Gassaway. Then, the following day, he relieved starting catcher Johnny Peacock and singled in his only at bat off Hank Wyse, one of only four Phillies' hits in a 15–0 loss.
In four games he was 2-for-6 (.333) with a walk and one run scored. In his three appearances as a catcher he handled 10 chances without making an error and participated in one double play.
From 1946–51, Antolick was a player-manager in the low minors. He died at the age of 86 in Catasauqua, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6914359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914359" title="Harry Lowe (footballer, born March 1886)">
Harry Lowe (footballer, born March 1886)

Henry Charles Lowe (20 March 1886 – 1958) was a footballer who played for Liverpool in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6914362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914362" title="Full General">
Full General



</doc>
<doc id="6914364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914364" title="Ailaa">
Ailaa



</doc>
<doc id="6914365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914365" title="Sergei Vonsovsky">
Sergei Vonsovsky

Sergei Vasilyevich Vonsovsky (also spelled as Vonsovskii or Vonsovskiy, Russian: Сергей Васильевич Вонсовский; September 2, 1910 – August 11, 1998) was a Soviet physicist. He was named a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1969.
Biography.
Sergei Vonsovsky was born in 1910 in Tashkent. In 1932 he graduated from the Leningrad University. In 1932 he moved to Sverdlovsk and started working at the Ural Physicotechical Institute, later – at the Metals Physics Institute of the Ural branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences. In 1943 he defended his second thesis and received the highest scientific degree of Doctor of Sciences. From 1947 he also kept a professorship at the chair of theoretical physics at the department of physics of the Ural State University. Since 1971 to 1985 he was the director of the Ural branch of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union.
Sergei Vonsovsky led researches in the field of metal physics studying the transition metals and the fusions. He created the fusions ferromagnetism theory and developed the theory of magnetic anisotropy. He also worked at the field of the transition metals and fusions superconductivity in particular he studied the problem of simultaneity of ferromagnetism and paramagnetism.
He was the founder of the Ural scientific school in ferromagnetism and metals physics.
Ural Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences instituted Vonsovsky Gold Medal in his honour.
Honours.
One of the streets of Yekaterinburg is called after academician Vonsovsky. The main scientific award of the Ural branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences is called the Vonsovsky Gold Medal. In Yekaterinburg you may also find a monument to Sergei Vonsovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="6914366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914366" title="Canberra Botanic Gardens">
Canberra Botanic Gardens



</doc>
<doc id="6914374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914374" title="List of diplomatic missions of Eswatini">
List of diplomatic missions of Eswatini

 The Kingdom of Eswatini has a small population and maintains a small number of diplomatic missions. Notably, it is also the last remaining African country that maintains diplomatic relations with Taiwan, and as such has a resident embassy in Taipei.
Honorary consulates are excluded from this listing.

</doc>
<doc id="6914376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914376" title="Napier railway station">
Napier railway station

Napier was a railway station on the Woodside railway line in Victoria, Australia, and opened in June 1923. It closed in May 1953, along with the other stations on the line, apart from .

</doc>
<doc id="6914380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914380" title="Won Wron railway station">
Won Wron railway station

Won Wron was a railway station on the Woodside railway line in Victoria, Australia, and opened in December 1921. It closed in May 1953, along with the other stations on the line, apart from .

</doc>
<doc id="6914385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914385" title="Operational support systems">
Operational support systems



</doc>
<doc id="6914386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914386" title="Parietal branch of superficial temporal artery">
Parietal branch of superficial temporal artery



</doc>
<doc id="6914389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914389" title="Anti-Intellectualism">
Anti-Intellectualism



</doc>
<doc id="6914395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914395" title="Al McGill">
Al McGill



</doc>
<doc id="6914396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914396" title="Calrossie railway station">
Calrossie railway station

Calrossie was a railway station on the Woodside railway line in Victoria, Australia, and opened in December 1921. It closed in May 1953, along with the other stations on the line, apart from Yarram.

</doc>
<doc id="6914403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914403" title="Al the Sledgehammer">
Al the Sledgehammer



</doc>
<doc id="6914404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914404" title="State Route 105 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 105 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914405" title="Route 105 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 105 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914407" title="Tombstone (wrestler)">
Tombstone (wrestler)



</doc>
<doc id="6914412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914412" title="Devon railway station">
Devon railway station

Devon was a railway station on the Woodside railway line in Victoria, Australia, and opened in December 1921. It closed in May 1953, along with the other stations on the line, apart from Yarram.

</doc>
<doc id="6914416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914416" title="Sterno-mastoid">
Sterno-mastoid



</doc>
<doc id="6914417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914417" title="Kelvin Kent (pen name)">
Kelvin Kent (pen name)

"Kelvin Kent" was a pseudonym shared by writers Henry Kuttner and Arthur K. Barnes. The byline appeared on a series of 12 science fiction stories published in "Thrilling Wonder Stories" from 1939 to 1944, featuring protagonist "Pete Manx". Leigh Brackett noted that the stories were inspired by Edmond Hamilton's 1938 "TWS" story "Easy Money". "Comics Journal" essayist Donald Phelps described Manx as "a lumpen prole Broadwayite . . . A grubby, pragmatic Damon Runyonite [who] (sometimes reluctantly) embarked on time-traveling errands: these, at the behest of his scientist-buddy, inauspiciously named 'Dr. Mayhem'". Six stories in the series are ascribed to Kuttner, four to Barnes, and two are reportedly collaborations.
Omnibus.
Haffner Press has announced an omnibus edition of the Kutter/Barnes collaborations and shared character stories, set for release in November 2015. "Hollywood on the Moon / Man About Time: The Pete Manx Adventures" will include all twelve Kelvin Kent stories, as well as six "Hollywood on the Moon" stories, which were originally published under Barnes's and/or Kuttner's names.

</doc>
<doc id="6914418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914418" title="Shajitsu Gahō">
Shajitsu Gahō

 was a Japanese magazine of the early 20th century, published by the Hakubunkan publishing company. It featured stories and photos about the Russo-Japanese War of 1905. Shunrō Oshikawa was its lead reporter. The magazine ceased publication in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="6914422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914422" title="Digastic">
Digastic



</doc>
<doc id="6914425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914425" title="Telefunken Kompass Sender">
Telefunken Kompass Sender

The Telefunken Kompass Sender was one of the earliest radio navigation systems to be deployed. It was developed in 1907 p.141by the German electronics firm Telefunken. It was used primarily for long-distance navigation by Zeppelins, and was taken out of service around 1918.
The system consisted of a series of 32 individual 60 m long cables supported in the center by a single mast and reaching the ground at their ends, forming a sort of umbrella-shaped device. Pairs of cables were wired to each other to form a series of sixteen 120 m long dipole antennas, now known as inverted-V antennas. The transmitter was first connected to all sixteen antennas and sent the morse code identifier for the station. After the identifier was sent and a specific time interval had passed, the system started switching on individual dipoles in order around the station.
An aircraft located at some distance from the station would first listen for the identifier, and then when the time delay expired, start a stopwatch. Since the pattern broadcast from the dipoles was highly directional, they would hear the signal grow in strength as the powered antennas "approached" them, the strongest signal being when the powered set was at right angles. It was later discovered that the minimum point was much easier to distinguish, with the signal dropping almost to zero when they were aligned directly off the end of the powered dipole.
Like many radio navigation schemes, the Kompass Sender produced identical patterns along the selected path, as well as the 180 degree reciprocal course. This ambiguity had to be eliminated by taking a second measurement using some other navigation system. For this purpose, two Kompass Sender stations were built, at Kleve near the Dutch border, and at the German Zeppelin base at Tønder in today's Denmark. Together the stations offered service over the North Sea and English Channel areas.

</doc>
<doc id="6914426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914426" title="Outlined enemy">
Outlined enemy



</doc>
<doc id="6914428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914428" title="Colpo di coda">
Colpo di coda



</doc>
<doc id="6914430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914430" title="Ralph James &quot;Bucky&quot; Phillips">
Ralph James &quot;Bucky&quot; Phillips



</doc>
<doc id="6914432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914432" title="Chinese takeaway">
Chinese takeaway



</doc>
<doc id="6914434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914434" title="House of Anguillara">
House of Anguillara

Anguillara were a baronial family of Latium, especially powerful in Rome and in the current province of Viterbo during the Middle Ages and the early Renaissance.
The Anguillara were of Norman descent. They most likely took, or gave, their name from the city of Anguillara Sabazia, on the Lake Bracciano. The name itself could refer to the Italian word "anguilla" (eel), or, as claimed by some, to a Roman villa ("villa angularia") on a corner (Latin: "angulum") of the Lake.
A first Count Ramone Anguillara is recorded as a probably legendary enemy of the Popes. In 1090 is known a Gherardo, lord of Anguillara, who was allied with the Prefetti di Vico against the commune of Rome. His successors were John, who took Santa Severa, and Niccolò, who conquered Tolfa in 1146. In 1186 Pandolfo I started a long struggle with the Vicos for the control of northern Latium and met the Henry VI at Orvieto, also hosting him in 1191.
Pandolfo II sided with Henry's son, Frederick II, during the siege of Viterbo (1243), but was captured by the Papal troops and imprisoned at Ronciglione. The Anguillara fief was thus seized by Pietro di Vico, who reigned there until Pandolfo's return in 1246.
The chaotic situation caused by the move of the Papal seat to Avignon led the family to move their headquarters in Rome and Capranica, where Orso dell'Anguillara, Senator of Rome, hosted the poet Petrarch in 1336. Orso's mother was a member of the powerful Orsini, and married a member of the Colonna family, thus establishing the Anguillara as one of the most important Roman families.
Orso was succeeded by Pietro, Dolce and Everso II, who was a famous condottiero and conquered Vetralla, Caprarola and Santa Pupa. His son Francesco inherited his fame of tyranny and unloyalty: he was excommunicated and imprisoned in Castel Sant'Angelo, while all the family's possession were acquired by the Apostolic Chamber under Pope Paul II. Deifobo, the other Everso's son, managed to regain his lands, which he kept until his death in 1490. In that year Pope Innocent VIII assigned the Anguillara lands to his nephew Franceschetto Cybo.
The last notable member of the family is the condottiero Renzo da Ceri, who fought in the defence of Rome during the Sack of 1527. The family became extinct in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6914446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914446" title="1996 Little League World Series">
1996 Little League World Series

The 1996 Little League World Series took place between August 19 and August 24 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Fu-Hsing Little League of Kaohsiung, Taiwan, defeated Cranston Western Little League of Cranston, Rhode Island, in the championship game of the 50th Little League World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="6914447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914447" title="Ralph James Phillips">
Ralph James Phillips



</doc>
<doc id="6914453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914453" title="Seán McCann (musician)">
Seán McCann (musician)



</doc>
<doc id="6914456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914456" title="Tench Francis Jr.">
Tench Francis Jr.

Tench Francis Jr. (1731–1800) was an American merchant, lawyer and agent for the family of William Penn and the first cashier of the Bank of North America.
Early life.
Francis was born the son of Elizabeth Turbutt and Tench Francis Sr., a prominent Philadelphia lawyer and jurist, at Fausley in Talbot County, Maryland, in 1730. 
Career.
Francis was agent for the William Penn family in connection with their proprietary interests in the colonial-era Province of Pennsylvania. He was the first cashier of the Bank of North America, a position he held until his death. He is said to have contributed £5,000 for the support of the Continental Army. 
Francis later headed the commission that laid out the city of Pittsburgh. His appointment as Purveyor of Public Supplies on February 23, 1795, unified U.S. Navy pursers under a single person, which created the Navy Supply Corps.
Personal life.
Francis married Ann Willing, daughter of Philadelphia mayor Charles Willing and his wife, Ann Shippen, on February 8, 1762.
Death.
Francis died in Philadelphia, on May 1, 1800; he is interred in Christ Church Burial Ground in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="6914461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914461" title="Book of Murder">
Book of Murder

The Book of Murder, also known as the Marcus Affair, was a piece of propaganda written in the 1830s in opposition to the English Poor Laws. It was presented as the work of one pseudonymous "Marcus", and was published by Joshua Hobson. It aimed to incite opposition to the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834, which had altered the nature of poor relief (how the state cared for poor people) in England and Wales. Previously, paupers were eligible for "outdoor relief" (handouts in money or in kind, with recipients living in their own homes); this shifted to "indoor relief", meaning that workhouses were built, institutions to provide shelter and basic sustenance. 
The book came from two pamphlets by "Marcus" – "An Essay of Populousness" and "On the Possibility of Limiting Populousness", which discussed possible infanticide used to tackle a population explosion and killing by gas. The anti-Poor Law campaign alleged these pamphlets were the work of Poor Law Commissioners who were known to hold views on population similar to Thomas Malthus. The movement also alleged that copies of the original pamphlet had been suppressed.
One of the first to use the Marcus pamphlet to popularize the idea of a conspiracy against the poor in Radical and Chartist circles was the Reverend Joseph Rayner Stephens, a proponent of violent resistance to the government who made numerous references to the alleged conspiracy while traveling across the country during the period between his December 1838 arrest and 1839 imprisonment.
The books were published by the Chartist leader Feargus O'Connor in the "Northern Star".

</doc>
<doc id="6914463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914463" title="Gavin Glinton">
Gavin Glinton

Gavin Glinton (born 1 March 1979) is a Turks and Caicos Islands football coach and former professional player. He is currently the head coach for the Oakland Roots in the USL Championship, having previously served as an Assistant Coach for New Mexico United, and the U13 and U14 Academy Coach at Sacramento Republic FC. He played for the LA Galaxy, Dallas Burn, and San Jose Earthquakes in the MLS. He also played for the Charleston Battery and Carolina Railhawks in the USL.
College and amateur career.
Born in Grand Turk, Glinton grew up in Livermore, California, attended Livermore High School, played club soccer with Tri-Valley Premier. He also played PDL with the Silicon Valley Ambassadors, and played four years of college soccer at Bradley University, where he was a four-time All-American. He scored 53 career goals at Bradley, including 15 in 1998 and 2000, was named to the All-Missouri Valley Conference First-team all four seasons (becoming first player in league history to earn first team honours four times), and was named his team's offensive MVP all four years. During his college years he also played with the Chicago Fire Reserves in the Premier Development League. He was inducted into the Bradley University Hall of Fame in 2012 and the Missouri Valley Conference Hall of Fame in 2014.
Club career.
Glinton was drafted by Major League Soccer's Los Angeles Galaxy in 2002 before transferring to the Dallas Burn in 2003. His two-year totals include 44 games played with two goals and six assists. In 2004, he took a break from professional football to become assistant coach at his alma mater, Bradley University.
In 2006, he joined USL First Division team Charleston Battery for the 2006 season. After a successful season with the Battery where he led the team with 13 goals and was elected "Offensive MVP" by the fans, Glinton was called up by the Galaxy. He proved to be a great clutch player after the 2007 season. In the 2007 season, he was mostly used as a substitute by Galaxy coach Frank Yallop, where he scored 4 goals. Gavin followed Yallop to the San Jose Earthquakes when the coach selected him in the 2007 MLS Expansion Draft. The Earthquakes released him following the 2008 season. In February 2009, he had an unsuccessful two week trial with St Patrick's Athletic of the League of Ireland, whom he played for in a friendly game against Premier League club Chelsea, drawing 2–2. Later that month, he signed with the Carolina RailHawks in the USL First Division. He joined Nam Định F.C. of the V-League of Vietnam in March 2010.
International career.
Glinton plays for the Turks and Caicos Islands national team, and is their highest ever goalscorer with four goals. He scored one of the goals in the country's first ever win in a FIFA international over the Cayman Islands in a Caribbean Cup game in Cuba. He has earned eight caps in total, three of them in World Cup qualification games.
Coaching career.
After Oakland Roots parted ways with head coach Noah Delgado on 28 April 2024, Glinton was appointed as the club's interim head coach. On 12 November 2024, it was announced that Glinton would be appointed permanent manager for Oakland. On 2 June 2025, the club announced that they had parted ways with Glinton, citing disappointment with the team's on-field performances under his management. 
Personal life.
Gavin's younger brother, Duane Glinton, formerly of the Ogden Outlaws in the Premier Development League, also played for the national team and was the all-time national team appearances record holder before being surpassed by Philip Shearer.
Honors.
Los Angeles Galaxy

</doc>
<doc id="6914464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914464" title="Royal">
Royal

Royal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914466" title="State nicknames">
State nicknames

State nicknames may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914468" title="Dreamatorium">
Dreamatorium

Dreamatorium is the first album by American guitarist Buckethead, under the anagram name Death Cube K. The album explores an abstract, ambient-influenced musical style. It was released on May 13, 1994, by Strata (sub-label of Bill Laswell's Subharmonic Records) and again in 1995, including a graphics image generator software by Interactive Multimedia Corporation as the first track. The included software is "fractint" (version 18.2 for MS-DOS), a freeware fractal generator software that may be obtained as a standalone download from the fractint website free of charge.

</doc>
<doc id="6914470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914470" title="Strat-o-matic baseball">
Strat-o-matic baseball



</doc>
<doc id="6914473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914473" title="Constantin Levaditi">
Constantin Levaditi

Constantin Levaditi (1 August 1874 – 5 September 1953) was a Romanian physician and microbiologist, a major figure in virology and immunology, especially in the study of poliomyelitis and syphilis.
Biography.
Constantin Levaditi was born in Galați. His father, Spyridon Livaditis, of Greek descent (from Macedonia) was 30 years old and working as a customs officer. His mother, Ioana Ștefănescu, then aged 18 years, was the daughter of peasants from Focșani. The family name originates from the name of the town of Livadia, a town north of Athens ("Livaditis" means "one who comes from Livadia"). The researcher Pierre Lépine [fr] (1901–1987) reported that Spyridon Livaditis was a member of the Filiki Eteria (Society of Friends), established to organize the Greek Revolution of 1821 against the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Prince Alexander Ypsilantis. However, after he had graduated from the Medical School, Constantin altered his surname from Livaditis to Levaditi, which is the alternative spelling of the town ("Livadia" is also "Levadia").
Constantin Levaditi had a difficult childhood due to financial problems in the family. In September 1880, he went to the "Cuza Vodă" primary school in Galați, and at the same time started work at the store of his uncle Ștefan Ștefănescu. After the untimely death of his parents in 1883, Constantin’s aunt Efrosini, a member of his father’s family, took custody and he continued his basic education in Bucharest. He studied at Matei Basarab High School in Bucharest and at the Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy (1892-1896), where he studied under Victor Babeș. He had the opportunity to become familiar with a medical environment, as his aunt was a laundry worker at the "Brâncovenesc" Hospital in Bucharest. Thus, it was in a medical atmosphere that the future scientist grew up, a good student, gifted in mathematics, a lover of music and the theatre. His medical studies completed, Levaditi, an intern at the hospital, left it to his colleagues to make the ward rounds and spent his entire days in the laboratory. This is how he was noticed by Victor Babeș, of whom, in 1897, he became the assistant at the Bacteriological Institute. But he decided to leave for France: in 1898, he landed in Paris. After a passage in the laboratory of the academician Charles Bouchard, at the Hôtel-Dieu, he was, in 1899, assistant to Albert Charrin at the Collège de France.
Levaditi continued his postgraduate studies in 1900 and 1901 in Frankfurt with Paul Ehrlich who was considered the father of modern chemotherapy. In the spring of 1901 Levaditi, following the advice of the physician John Kantakouzinos, had the great opportunity to work in the Élie Metchnikoff Laboratory at the Pasteur Institute. In 1902, he completed his doctoral thesis entitled "Contribution a l’étude des Mastzellen et de la Mastzellen-Leycocytose" (Contribution to the study of the mast cells and the mast cells-leucocytes), which was considered a pioneering contribution to haematology. Two years later, in 1904, Emile Roux recognized Levaditi’s abilities and enthusiasm and appointed him director of an independent laboratory at the Pasteur Institute. 
He will remain at the Pasteur Institute until retirement age. His choice is made: if he will remain sentimentally attached to his native Romania, it is France that has become his homeland because he has found there not only the means to work, but the intellectual atmosphere and the spiritual climate where he will be able to realize. He will return to Romania for a short trip in 1903, when he married Helen, the younger daughter of Dr. Constantin Istrati, and in 1920, as a guest lecturer at the University of Cluj.
His enterprising research in immunology led to nomination as Professor in 1924. The American Professor Simon Flexner proposed him as director of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research in New York, but Levaditi refused politely. Meanwhile, Levaditi taught at many Universities all over the world including London, Madrid, Barcelona, New York and Philadelphia.
The work of C. Levaditi is immense: it extends over more than half a century and it touches on apparently separate domains, but in reality they are united by the logical chain of thought and the development of research. His doctoral dissertation in medicine (1902) made Levaditi a cytologist and an immunologist. From this double training, C. Levaditi will always keep the imprint. Pathological histology will hold a considerable place in all his experimental work, itself oriented towards the solution of immunological problems raised by the various diseases he will study.
Constantin Levaditi dedicated an important part of his research to the study of syphilis, a scourge of the 20th century. From 1907, when he began to investigate venereal disease systematically, he emphasized the importance of studying this wide-spread problem. Levaditi studied the invasive capability of "Treponema pallidum" into the target-organs and at the same time described the technique of staining this bacterium (the Levaditi–Manouelian method). He and Auguste-Charles Marie traced "T. pallidum" in the brainstem of patients suffering from neurosyphilis, a discovery that confirmed the infiltrating capacity of the organism and opened up new horizons for experimental study in animals. The two pioneer researchers also made the very significant observation that not only the antigens of "T. pallidum", but also extracts of normal tissues from patients who had been infected by syphilis, gave a positive complement fixation reaction. This observation, in combination with the perfection of the serum detection method (the Wasserman Test), contributed to the discovery of autoantibodies and the phenomenon of autoimmunity.
In his studies of syphilis, Levaditi introduced new techniques in serology, and recommended bismuth in its treatment. Entering World War I as a volunteer, he attained the rank of captain and was detached to serve with the ambulances of la Panne. In this capacity he worked on developing an antitetanus vaccine and studied streptococcus in wounds.
Parallel to these works which would have sufficed to fill and illustrate a lifetime, and which after his retirement from the Institut Pasteur in 1940, he continued at the Alfred-Fournier Institute, from which he had, when it was created in 1932, received the scientific direction, C. Levaditi carried out with prodigious activity the research on viruses which made him the founder and leader of the French school in the field of ultraviruses. Levaditi was almost the first and, for a long time, the only person in France to study viruses systematically. C. Levaditi's works on viruses are numerous and each of them has had an epoch-making history.
Nevertheless, Levaditi’s most significant contributions to mankind are his experiments in poliomyelitis and his catalytic assistance to the clarification of epidemiological factors causing this lethal disease. He cooperated with the Austrian Karl Landsteiner who was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1930 and who was considered a very important modern immunologist, known for the discovery of the ABO and Rhesus blood group system. Their main areas of cooperation were in the study of scarlet fever and especially of poliomyelitis.
With Karl Landsteiner, he discovered in 1909 the presence of the poliovirus in tissues other than nervous. He expanded on these studies during a poliomyelitis outbreak in Sweden (in 1913), working with Scandinavian researchers (among them Karl Oskar Medin); he was able to isolate the poliovirus on tissue explant and made precious observations on its characteristics. Together with Carl Kling, he authored the first monograph dedicated to the disease, "La Poliomyélite aiguë épidémique" (1913). His work was the basis for the development of the polio vaccine by Jonas Salk and Albert Sabin.
Apart from these major subjects, Levaditi touched on all branches of microbiology: tuberculosis, protozooses, immunology, each time with success, always with virtuosity, often as an innovator as in the study of toxoplasmosis or during the discovery of "Streptobacillus moniliformis", agent of murine polyarthritis and epidemic erythema multiforme in humans. Levaditi’s scientific work has been characterized as ‘bridging the gap between nineteenth century pathology and twentieth century immunology’. Levaditi exercised an influence on both specialties. According to the historian John Paul, ‘there was scarcely a microbiological laboratory in Europe that did not boast of at least one worker who had been trained in Paris by Levaditi.’
Levaditi spent almost his entire career at the Pasteur Institute. Though his was the only career beside Landsteiner’s to span the age of Pasteur and modern times, he was not well recognized in the history of poliovirus research. Moreover, unlike Landsteiner, Levaditi never relinquished his interest in poliovirus research after the discovery of the aetiologic agent of poliomyelitis by Landsteiner and Popper in 1908. Levaditi’s name has not been mentioned much in the history of medicine perhaps on account of his modesty. Those who met him described him as an enthusiastic, indefatigable researcher, fully aware of his saving work for mankind, and he always kept a low profile.
In the words of his colleague John Paul, ‘it was a pity that he did not live two more years to witness the conquest of poliomyelitis achieved through the science of which he had so long been a champion, namely immunology’. Nevertheless ‘he lived to see his work with Kling and Lépine vindicated, and that was no small triumph.’
In 1919, he returned to Romania. He stayed there for three years to teach at the University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Bucharest before holding, in 1921, at the request of the Romanian government, the chair of microbiology of the Faculty of Medicine of Babeș-Bolyai University in Cluj. After 1920, Levaditi, assisted by Ștefan S. Nicolau, elaborated at the Department of Bacteriology of the Faculty of Medicine in Cluj projects related to the study of other viruses: herpesviruses, vaccine virus and rabies virus group. The investigations performed from rabies outlined an important chapter of the virological research on: the neurotropic ectodermoses. Levaditi introduced the term “neuroprobasia”, which defines the progression of viruses along the nerve tracts.
Constantin Levaditi was a member of the Académie Nationale de Médecine and an honorary member of the Romanian Academy. In 1928, he was awarded the Cameron Prize for Therapeutics of the University of Edinburgh. Throughout his career, Levaditi published more than 1,200 notes, articles, and monographs.
Brief presentation.
Notable works.
Writings.
Bibliographies of monographs and articles by Levaditi are his "Travaux de médecine expérimentale, 1897-1931. Ectodermoses neurotropes, neuroprotozooses, syphilis, chimiothérapie et chimioprévention, phagocytose, immunité, érythème polymorphe, rhumatisme, ergostérol irradié" (Paris, 1931); and "Titres et travaux. Microbiologie, pathologie humaine et animale, chimiothérapie. 1897-1951" (Paris, 1952).

</doc>
<doc id="6914481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914481" title="Olen Steinhauer">
Olen Steinhauer

Olen Steinhauer (born June 21, 1970 in Baltimore) is an American writer of spy fiction novels, including "The Tourist", part of the Milo Weaver series, and the Yalta Boulevard Sequence. Steinhauer also created the TV series "Berlin Station", focused on a fictional Central Intelligence Agency branch operating in Berlin, which began airing in 2016.
Early life.
On June 21, 1970, Steinhauer was born in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Steinhauer grew up in Virginia.
Education.
Steinhauer attended university at Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania, and the University of Texas, Austin. He received an MFA in creative writing at Emerson College in Boston.
Career.
After graduation, Steinhauer received a year-long Fulbright grant to write a novel in Romania about the Romanian Revolution. It was called "Tzara's Monocle", and when he moved to New York City afterward, he used that manuscript to secure a literary agent. However, it was with another book, the historical mystery set in Eastern Europe, "The Bridge of Sighs", that Steinhauer first found publication.
His 2009 CIA novel, "The Tourist", received positive reviews and is being developed for film by Sony Pictures Entertainment for Doug Liman to direct.
During the winter of 2009-10, Steinhauer was the Picador Guest Professor for Literature at the University of Leipzig's Institute for American Studies in Leipzig, Germany.
Work.
The Yalta Boulevard Sequence.
"The Bridge of Sighs" was the first in a five-book series of thrillers chronicling the evolution of a fictional Eastern European country situated in the historical location of Ruthenia (now part of Ukraine) during the Cold War, with one book for each decade. Each book also focuses on a different main character.

</doc>
<doc id="6914482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914482" title="Yarram railway station">
Yarram railway station

Yarram was a railway station on the Woodside railway line in the Australian state of Victoria. The railway opened to the town of Yarram on 8 February 1921. In the mid-1950s, it was the only station on the Woodside line to remain open, effectively making it the terminus of the South Gippsland line or Great Southern Railway. The station was closed in October 1987, along with Alberton and Welshpool stations.
Passenger services to the station ceased when the New Deal for Country Passengers was inaugurated in 1981. Steamrail Victoria ran the last rail enthusiast train trip to Yarram on Saturday, 24 October 1987, with seven wooden carriages hauled by a Victorian Railways K Class locomotive (K153). The line was closed on Monday, 26 October, which ended rail freight services between Welshpool and Yarram, and the line terminated at Welshpool after that. The track from Barry Beach Junction to Yarram was removed a few years before the track was removed from Leongatha to Welshpool, and Agnes (Barry Beach Junction) to Barry Beach in 1994.
After several years of disuse, the Yarram station goods shed was converted into a youth centre to re-engage young people with education and the community. The youth centre ceased operation after a number of successful years of catering to the needs of the youth of the district.
Only a small section of the goods shed now remains, which comprises a covered area with tables for picnickers. It is the only remaining part of the once-thriving Yarram Station. The rail reserve between the site of Yarram Railway Station and the neighbouring township of Alberton is now the Tarra Rail Trail, which includes approximately seven kilometres of walking and cycling track, man-made wetlands, outdoor exercise equipment and a skatepark. 

</doc>
<doc id="6914491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914491" title="Sarasota station">
Sarasota station

The Atlantic Coast Line Passenger Depot was a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Sarasota, Florida, United States. It was located at 1 South School Avenue.
History.
The Tampa Southern Railroad began service through Sarasota in May 1924. The first passenger train arrived in December 1924 at the freight and temporary passenger station north of Fruitville Road. A permanent Atlantic Coast Line passenger depot, Sarasota Station, was constructed in 1925. The architect was Alpheus M. Griffin.
In 1967, Atlantic Coast Line (ACL) and Seaboard Air Line Railway (SAL) merged as the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad (SCL). The "West Coast Champion" made its last run to Sarasota and Venice from Boston and New York on May 1, 1971.
On March 22, 1984, the depot was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Two years later, it was demolished. It was delisted from the National Register on July 25, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6914497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914497" title="Ogilvy Interactive">
Ogilvy Interactive



</doc>
<doc id="6914498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914498" title="Metro-land (TV series)">
Metro-land (TV series)



</doc>
<doc id="6914505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914505" title="List of diplomatic missions of Saint Lucia">
List of diplomatic missions of Saint Lucia

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Saint Lucia. Saint Lucia has a modest number of diplomatic missions appropriate to the country's size. Its embassy and mission to the European Union in Brussels and its embassy in Morocco is shared with other East Caribbean states.

</doc>
<doc id="6914506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914506" title="Mezzano (disambiguation)">
Mezzano (disambiguation)

Mezzano is a commune in Trentino.
Mezzano may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914509" title="Polyplectron germaini">
Polyplectron germaini



</doc>
<doc id="6914520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914520" title="Helmy &quot;Zamora&quot; Stadium">
Helmy &quot;Zamora&quot; Stadium



</doc>
<doc id="6914525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914525" title="Daphne Woodward">
Daphne Woodward

Daphne Woodward was a translator of French literature into the English language.
In particular, she was responsible for translating eight books in the Inspector Maigret series by the Belgian detective writer Georges Simenon. These were commissioned by Hamish Hamilton during the 1950s and 1960s and gained wider popularity through the Penguin Maigret series. They included "Maigret's Failure" (1962) and "Maigret and the Enigmatic Lett" (1963), a translation of the very first novel in the series, "Pietr-le-Letton", first published in 1931.
In the late-1940s she was secretary to Arthur Koestler.

</doc>
<doc id="6914529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914529" title="Inspector Jules Maigret">
Inspector Jules Maigret



</doc>
<doc id="6914530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914530" title="Represented enemy">
Represented enemy



</doc>
<doc id="6914531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914531" title="Sankhadhar Sakhwa">
Sankhadhar Sakhwa

Sankhadhar Sākhwā (Nepal Bhasa:) (also spelt Sankhadhar Sākhwāl) was a legendary Nepalese philanthropist who is believed to have paid the debts of the Nepalese people in A.D. 879. This event is commemorated as the beginning of the epoch of Nepal’s national calendar year Nepal Sambat.
According to "Bhāsā Vamsāwali" and "Rājbhogmālā Vamsāwali", in A.D. 879, an astrologer from Bhaktapur, or Bhādgāon, had predicted that the sand at the confluence of the Vishnumati and the Bhadrāmati rivers would turn into gold if gathered at the right moment. So Rājā Ānanda Malla, the then king of Bhaktapur sent out his workers in search of this extraordinary sand, who were witnessed by Sākhwā, then a local merchant. Legend has it that he had only curiously bought some of it from the king’s workers. Surprisingly however, the next day, Sākhwā found that only his sand but not the king’s had turned into gold. In an act of great compassion, however, instead of using the gold for himself, he used it to pay off every other Nepali’s debts towards the king and offered it to him, therefore giving the Nepali people as well as the king a reason to dedicate and mark an era in this act of great generosity.
On 18 November A.D. 1999 (Vikram Samvat 2056–08–02), the government of Nepal officially acknowledged and declared Sankhadhar Sākhwā as one of the National Heroes of Nepal. On 26 October A.D. 2003, Nepal’s Department of Postal Service also issued a postage stamp depicting his portrait, commemorating Sākhwā’s generous, compassionate philanthropy.

</doc>
<doc id="6914534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914534" title="The Hedwig's Theme">
The Hedwig's Theme



</doc>
<doc id="6914540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914540" title="Mokhtar El Tetsh Stadium">
Mokhtar El Tetsh Stadium

El-Tetsh Stadium () is Al Ahly's current training stadium and one of Al Ahly SC club's sections that represent the club in Egypt and internationally. The game of football was not one of the goals of the founders of Al Ahly, rather the goal of the club was opening its doors to students of higher schools to meet and practice political dialogue. The members of the club then fell in love with football, which prompted Ahly to build its first stadium in 1909, called Al-Hawsh, a colloquial word from Egyptian Arabic meaning "the Courtyard". The stadium was developed over the years to be Mokhtar El-Tetsh Stadium. Currently the stadium hosts the team's training and friendly games.
History.
The stadium was developed over the years to become known as Mokhtar El-Tetsh Stadium. In 1929, the stadium was named after Egypt's prince at this time, the Prince Farouk Stadium. By 1956, light stands were added to the stadium. Later the stadium was named Mokhtar El Tetsh Stadium, Mokhtar El Tetsh was one of the club legends and was considered to be one of the most talented footballers in the country's history and attracted the hearts of many of his countrymen. Al Ahly continued to play their home games at Mokhtar El-Tetsh Stadium until Cairo Stadium was opened.
1959 Africa Cup of Nations.
The stadium was the only venue for the 1959 Africa Cup of Nations.
The following matches were played at the stadium during the 1959 Africa Cup of Nations:

</doc>
<doc id="6914543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914543" title="Kansas City Fraternal Order of Police">
Kansas City Fraternal Order of Police

The Kansas City Fraternal Order of Police (KCFOP), originally the Kansas City Police Officer's Association, is a police union established in 1999 to represent the sergeants, police officers, and detectives of the Kansas City Police Department (KCPD).
Members of the KCPD, alongside the St Louis Police Department, are the only police officers in the United States designated "Officers of the State", and administered by a Board of Police Commissioners who are appointed in staggered terms, by the Governor of Missouri. This practice began in 1874 and continued until 1932 when the KCPD was returned to city control. The police department was returned to state control in 1939 due to overwhelming foreign political corruption of the Tom Pendergast era and the department remains under state control to this day.
In 1993, the Kansas City Police Officers' Association (KCPOA) was reorganized as the Kansas City Missouri Fraternal Order of Police Lodge #99.
In 2009, the Kansas City Board of Police Commissioners (BOPC) recognized the Kansas City Fraternal Order of Police, Lodge 99, as the official bargaining representative for every member below the rank of captain. In 2013, the BOPC recognized Lodge 99 as the bargaining representative for every civilian under the rank of manager. The KCFOP represents over 1800 members, making it the largest Public Safety Bargaining unit in the state.
The KCFOP is one chapter of the Missouri Fraternal Order of Police that represents more than 5300 sworn officers in the great State of Missouri, and in turn is a member lodge of the National Fraternal Order of Police.
The independent organization, The Friends of the KCFOP Political Action Committee, works in support of the interests of KCFOP.

</doc>
<doc id="6914546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914546" title="The Last Theorem">
The Last Theorem

The Last Theorem is a 2008 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Frederik Pohl. It was first published in the United Kingdom by HarperVoyager in July 2008, and in the United States by Del Rey Books in August 2008. The book is about a young Sri Lankan mathematician who finds a short proof of Fermat's Last Theorem, while an alien invasion of Earth is in progress.
The novel began as Clarke's, but when ill health and a psychological (or possibly neurological) form of writer's block prevented him from making progress, he handed over his notes and the incomplete manuscript to Pohl, who, in close consultation with Clarke, completed the novel. Clarke reviewed the final manuscript in early March 2008, just days before he died.
In general "The Last Theorem" was not well received by critics. "Entertainment Weekly" in their review of the novel said that "uneven pacing and tone mar an intriguing cautionary tale". The "Los Angeles Times" wondered how stable the manuscript was when it was published, adding that it does nothing to "burnish the legacy of either of its authors". The "San Francisco Chronicle", however, described the novel as a "fitting valedictory for Clarke, ... and a reminder of Pohl's great relevance to a genre he has championed for more than 70 years".
Background.
Science fiction Grand Masters Arthur C. Clarke and Frederik Pohl collaborated for the first time on "The Last Theorem". The novel initially was Clarke's, and he began working on it in early 2004. But in 2006, at the age of 88, ill health brought on by complications from post-polio syndrome, and writer's block, impeded his progress, and he asked Pohl for help. Pohl explained: "Arthur said to me that he woke up one morning and didn't know how to write any of the books he had contracted. The stories had just gone out of his head." Clarke gave Pohl a 40–50 page manuscript plus roughly 50 pages of notes, and over the next two years, Pohl wrote the book. Pohl said that "Everything in the novel is something he either suggested or wrote or I discussed with him." Some of Clarke's notes were so obscure that even Clarke himself could not understand them. Pohl, only two years younger than Clarke, had health problems of his own: he could no longer type and wrote the book out in longhand, leaving it up to his wife to translate his "indecipherable scribbles". Clarke reviewed and approved the final manuscript of "The Last Theorem" in early March 2008, just days before he died. Pohl died five years later in September 2013.
Some of the concepts that appear in "The Last Theorem" originally appeared in Clarke's earlier works. The space elevator that is built in Sri Lanka originally featured in "The Fountains of Paradise" (1979) where it was also built in Sri Lanka (then Ceylon). Because the elevator will work only on or near the equator, Clarke "moved" Ceylon south to the equator in "The Fountains of Paradise", and the equator north to Sri Lanka in "The Last Theorem". The solar powered space yacht race was first featured in a short story of Clarke's, "The Wind from the Sun" (1964), and the concept of a "mysterious Elder Race" deciding our fate, in this case the Grand Galactics, has appeared in several of Clarke's previous novels, including "Childhood's End" (1953) and the "Space Odyssey Series" (1968–1997). Some of Pohl's earlier themes also appear here, including his human-machine hybrid which featured in "Man Plus" (1976).
Clarke wrote over 30 science fiction novels and over 100 works of short fiction, winning both the Hugo and Nebula Awards several times. He moved to Sri Lanka (then Ceylon) in 1956 and remained there for the rest of his life. One of his greatest wishes was for peace in Sri Lanka. "The Last Theorem" is set in his adopted country, and Pohl said that tensions between the Sinhalese Sri Lankan government and the Tamil liberation army (the Tamil Tigers) were "major inspirations for the novel".
Pohl's writing career spans 70 years, and includes over 50 science fiction novels and numerous short stories. He also won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards several times. One of Pohl's fascinations has been mathematics, in particular number theory. He would often spend his spare time "playing" with prime numbers, and even tried to write a formula for generating primes. But he did invent several mathematical parlour tricks, some of which are featured in "The Last Theorem".
Plot summary.
"The Last Theorem" is set in Sri Lanka in the early- to mid-21st century and follows the life of a mathematician, Ranjit Subramanian. While studying at Colombo University, he becomes obsessed with Fermat's Last Theorem, a conjecture made by Pierre de Fermat in 1637, for which he claimed to have conceived a proof that he never wrote down. The proof eluded mathematicians across the world for over 350 years, until in 1995 British mathematician Andrew Wiles published a 100-page proof of the theorem. But not everyone was "satisfied" with Wiles's proof because it used twentieth century mathematical techniques not available in Fermat's time.
In the novel's back-story, extraterrestrial sapients, the "Grand Galactics", are alarmed when they detect the photon shock waves from nuclear bomb detonations on Earth. The Grand Galactics monitor and control the destinies of a number of high-performance sapient races and order one of these races, the "Nine Limbeds", to send "cease and desist" messages to Earth. When these messages have no effect, the Grand Galactics order another race, the "One Point Fives", to launch an armada to Earth to exterminate the undesirable species.
Back on Earth, regional conflicts escalate and the United Nations struggles to contain them. In Sri Lanka, Ranjit unwittingly boards a cruise ship that is hijacked by pirates. When unknown security forces free the ship, Ranjit is arrested on suspicion of terrorism. For six months he is interrogated and tortured, but he cannot supply the information his captors want so he is locked up and "forgotten" for a further 18 months. During this period of incarceration, Ranjit dwells on Fermat's Last Theorem and, after several months, solves it with a three-page proof. Later Ranjit is rescued by a friend from university, Gamini Bandara, who will not reveal whom he is working for or where Ranjit was held captive.
Ranjit submits his proof for publication and achieves worldwide fame. He marries Myra de Soyza, an artificial intelligence specialist, and embarks on a speaking tour of the world. In the United States, he is briefly recruited by the CIA to work on cryptography. Gamini later reveals that he is working for Pax per Fidem (Peace through Transparency), an undercover United Nations organization established to bring about world peace. To achieve this end, Pax per Fidem has developed "Silent Thunder", a non-lethal EMP nuclear superweapon that renders all electrical equipment in its path inoperable. Silent Thunder is deployed in North Korea and later in South America, and regional conflicts subside. Gamini invites Ranjit to join Pax per Fidem, but the authoritarian nature of the organisation and its "new world order" worry Ranjit and Myra, and Ranjit turns down the offer. He does, however, accept a position on the advisory board of an international consortium building a space elevator in Sri Lanka, chosen because of its location on the equator.
As the One Point Five fleet enters the Solar System, the Nine Limbeds orbit and observe Earth in cigar-shaped craft, sparking numerous UFO sightings. A Grand Galactic member, who happens to be passing by, stops to observe the effects of Silent Thunder and returns to the Grand Galactic collective, who immediately suspend the One Point Fives's destruct orders pending further investigation.
The space elevator is completed and, for the first time, people and materials can be lifted into Earth orbit without the need of rockets. Natasha, Ranjit and Myra's daughter, competes in the first solar-powered space yacht race from Earth- to Moon-orbit. But soon after the start of the race, Natasha's yacht malfunctions and she is abducted by the Nine Limbeds, who use a projection of her to interrogate prominent people on Earth, including Ranjit and Gamini, about Silent Thunder. Satisfied that Earth has "reformed", they return Natasha and broadcast a message to Earth in which they announce that the Grand Galactics have decided not to sterilize Earth, and that the One Point Fives, with their Machine Stored navigators, cannot return home and will land and occupy unused areas of Earth.
The One Point Fives land in the desolate Qattara Depression in the Libyan Desert, which they find quite habitable compared to their ruined homeworld. The Americans send B-52 bombers to attack the One Point Fives' base, but the aliens electronically disable the aircraft, causing them to crash short of their target. When the US President demands reparations, the One Point Fives provide gold distilled from seawater by way of compensation. With the Grand Galactics absent, the aliens make decisions for themselves: the One Point Fives provide Earth with new forms of power and the Machine Stored reveal mind uploading technology. When Myra dies in a scuba diving accident, her mind is uploaded into cyberspace, with Ranjit joining her later.
After 13,000 years, the Grand Galactics finally return to Earth and are astounded to see how fast the planet has developed. They had always interfered with the evolution of sentient species they had discovered, believing they could not be trusted to evolve on their own. Impressed with Earth's progress, the Grand Galactic relieve themselves of the burden of watching over intelligent life and hand the task over to Earth.
Characters.
Sri Lankans.
These characters come from three of Sri Lanka's ethnic groups: the Sinhalese, the Tamils and the Portuguese Burghers.
Reception and analysis.
In spite of the publicity "The Last Theorem" received, that it was Clarke's "last novel", and that it was written by two science fiction Grand Masters, it was generally not well received by critics.
"Entertainment Weekly" in their review said that "uneven pacing and tone mar an intriguing cautionary tale. This collaboration, completed before Clarke's death last March, would've made a better solo project for either author." "The Washington Post" said that ""The Last Theorem" reads like a dog-eared album of favorite themes from yesteryear", referring to Clarke and Pohl topics from the authors' earlier works. Thomas M. Wagner at "SF Reviews" wrote that ""The Last Theorem" is a book I really resent not liking, because there's so much about it that deserves to be liked." He said that the first two-thirds is "so good ... it almost, but doesn't quite, make up for the nonsense that overtakes the whole affair at the climax". Wagner felt that the meeting of "two disparate storytelling sensibilities" was "far less harmonious and compatible" than Clarke and Pohl may have imagined. Wagner summed up by saying that ""The Last Theorem" is not simply an uneven novel. It's a deeply disjointed one, a book that introduces a host of wonderful ideas and sympathetic, believable characters, only to decide it doesn't trust them to carry off the story in the end, ultimately falling back – disastrously – on dated and dubious formula."
Sheila Merritt at "SciFi Dimensions" said that while it should have been "a fine tribute and a fitting farewell to this master of science fiction", it turned out to be an "easy book to put down". She said that the plot "meanders in fits and starts" and that the book is too long for the story it tells. Ed Park of the "Los Angeles Times" enjoyed the first third of the book, but said that for the rest, its "winning and winking self-consciousness evaporates". He wondered how stable the manuscript was when it was published, and added that it does nothing to "burnish the legacy of either of its authors".
A common criticism amongst many reviewers was that, in spite of the book's title, no connection is made between Fermat's Last Theorem and the alien invasion. Alex Kasman at "Mathematical Fiction" complained about errors in some of the authors' descriptions of the mathematical problems, and in particular their unfair treatment of Wiles's proof of Fermat's Last Theorem. Some reviewers felt that the characters had not been developed sufficiently. Michael Sims of "The Washington Post" said that "these characters are so thin you can see through them". The aliens are depicted as cartoon-like figures, and Ranjit does not appear to be affected by his lengthy incarceration, interrogation and torture. Some critics also felt that the book ended "somewhat precipitously", and that, after the aliens arrived, the crisis was resolved too quickly, giving the impression "that there was at least a good, long chapter missing".
Not all reviews, however, were negative. Nader Elhefnawy at "Strange Horizons" described the book as "an interesting experiment". He said that Pohl deserves the credit for "capturing Clarke's voice", and that Clarke also deserves credit for doing something completely different. While he would not recommend the book to readers new to Clarke's work, Elhefnawy said that fans would not regret reading the book. Mark Yon at "SFF World" said that, while this is not one of Clarke's best works, "it is still very good". He said that, even though it is a collaboration, the book is still recognisably Clarke, "with the same humour, the same enthusiasm, the great flashes of inspiration, the big ideas and the same curious positivism that underlines most of Sir Arthur’s work. ... There is a joy throughout here: a joy of learning, of opening up new opportunities and experiences, and a love of mathematics and science." Michael Berry at the "San Francisco Chronicle" said that the novel does a "stellar job of conveying some of the intellectual fun that can be had by manipulating math". He said that Sri Lanka, Clarke's home for most of his life, is brought "vividly to life", and that, despite some minor flaws, "The Last Theorem" is a "fitting valedictory for Clarke, one of science fiction's most acclaimed authors, and a reminder of Pohl's great relevance to a genre he has championed for more than 70 years".

</doc>
<doc id="6914548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914548" title="El Sekka El Hadid Stadium">
El Sekka El Hadid Stadium

El Sekka El Hadid Stadium (), also known as Railway Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Cairo, Egypt. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of El Sekka El Hadid. The stadium holds 25,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6914549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914549" title="State Route 205 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 205 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914554" title="Locust, New Jersey">
Locust, New Jersey

Locust (also known as Locust Point) is an unincorporated community located within Middletown Township in Monmouth County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is situated along the north banks of the Navesink River and Claypit Creek. Locust is one of the five designated historic districts in Middletown. 
In the 18th century, Locust was a fishing and farming village. Oysters found in the Navesink River were considered a great delicacy. After the Civil War, Locust transformed into an area where well off New Yorkers spent their summers. The area consists of mostly medium-to-large sized houses throughout the hilly terrain of this part of the township.
The Oceanic Bridge over the Navesink River, constructed in 1939, connects Locust with Rumson to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="6914560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914560" title="State Route 208 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 208 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914561" title="Pabaiskas Battle">
Pabaiskas Battle



</doc>
<doc id="6914567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914567" title="The Slade Box">
The Slade Box

The Slade Box (A 4CD Anthology 1969–1991) is a four-disc box set by the British rock band Slade. It was released by Salvo on 2 October 2006.
"The Slade Box" contains eighty-four tracks ranging across the band's career from 1969 to 1991. A 72-page booklet was included with liner notes by Keith Altham. In 2011, the box set was re-issued by Salvo. It featured the same track listing but was packaged in a shortened case with the booklet reduced to 36 pages.
Critical reception.
Upon release, Dave Thompson of AllMusic commented: 
Gary Crowley of BBC Radio London said: "This splendidly put together 4-CD set is a timely reminder of their might and talent, which went far beyond the numerous foot-stompin', badly-spelt hits they racked up in the singles charts over the years." Gavin Martin of "Daily Mirror" wrote: "This collection – complete with an excellent essay charting their career – is an essential fan's portrait of a working band in their prime." Peter Makowski of "Classic Rock" commented: "This four-CD compilation presents a comprehensive history of our dyslexic gurners, from their early skinhead days as an underwhelming rock band to the golden years and a non-stop barrage of stomping hits." Alan Jones from "Music Week" said: "Appearing hot on the heels of individually upgraded and remastered editions of Slade's albums, this four CD boxed set is a superb alternative, collecting together 84 hits, album cuts and rarities from 1969 to 1991 in a sturdy cardboard longbox, which also includes a 72-page booklet containing an informative essay on the band by Keith Altham, an extensive discography and a multitude of pictures of the band."

</doc>
<doc id="6914568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914568" title="Criticism of the No Child Left Behind Act">
Criticism of the No Child Left Behind Act



</doc>
<doc id="6914574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914574" title="Binladen">
Binladen



</doc>
<doc id="6914575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914575" title="Usama Binladen">
Usama Binladen



</doc>
<doc id="6914583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914583" title="Lakhamari">
Lakhamari

Lākhāmaari (Nepalese: लाखामरि) is a type of sweet of Newars. It is made of flour, sugar, butter and other ingredients. It can be made in different shapes and are named differently depending upon the shapes. It is customarily given to guests of marriage ceremony in some Newar subculture. Prior to marriage, the groom has to provide lakhamaari to the bride's family, which they will send along with the invitation card for marriage. However, lakhamaaris will only be sent to close relatives. Lakhamaari can be stored dry for many days.

</doc>
<doc id="6914605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914605" title="BinLaden">
BinLaden



</doc>
<doc id="6914606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914606" title="State Route 216 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 216 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914610" title="Faces of Fear (interview book)">
Faces of Fear (interview book)

Faces of Fear is a World Fantasy award-winning book (Berkley Books 1985, revised 1990) where writer, critic and lawyer Douglas E. Winter interviews seventeen contemporary British and American horror writers about their life and art. The writers are V. C. Andrews, Clive Barker, William Peter Blatty, Robert Bloch, Ramsey Campbell, John Coyne, Dennis Etchison, Charles L. Grant, James Herbert, T. E. D. Klein, Stephen King, Michael McDowell, Richard Matheson, David Morrell, Alan Ryan, Whitley Strieber and Peter Straub.
The book was a finalist for the 1986 Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book.

</doc>
<doc id="6914613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914613" title="Japanese submarine I-124">
Japanese submarine I-124

I-124, originally named Submarine Minelayer No. 52 and then named I-24 from before her launch until June 1938, was an of the Imperial Japanese Navy that served during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II. During the latter conflict, she operated in support of the Japanese invasion of the Philippines and was sunk during anti-shipping operations off Australia in January 1942.
After she was renumbered "I-124" in 1938, the number "I-24" was assigned to a later submarine which also served during World War II.
Design.
"I-124" and her three sister ships — "I-21" (later renumbered ), "I-22" (later renumbered ) and "I-23" (later renumbered ) — were the Imperial Japanese Navy's only submarine minelayers. They were known in Japan by the type name , commonly shortened to .
The "Kiraisen"-type design was based on that of the Imperial German Navy minelaying submarine , a Type UB III submarine which was the largest of seven German submarines transferred to Japan as a war reparation after World War I and served in the Imperial Japanese Navy as "O-6" from 1920 to 1921. Like "UB-125", the "Kiraisen"-type submarines had two diesel engines producing a combined , could carry 42 mines and had four torpedo tubes and a single deck gun — a gun on the Japanese submarines in contrast to a gun on "UB-125". Compared to the German submarine, they were larger — longer and displacing 220 more tons on the surface and 300 more tons submerged — and had a longer range both on the surface — farther at — and submerged — farther at . They were slower than "UB-125" both surfaced and submerged, carried two fewer torpedoes and could dive to only compared to for "UB-125".
Construction and commissioning.
Built by Kawasaki at Kobe, Japan, "I-124" was laid down on 17 April 1926 with either the name Submarine No. 60 or Submarine Minelayer No. 52, according to different sources. She was launched on 12 December 1927 and renamed I-24 that day. She was completed and commissioned on 10 December 1928.
Service history.
1928–1937.
Upon commissioning, "I-24" was attached to the Yokosuka Naval District and assigned to Submarine Division 9 in the Yokosuka Defense Division in the district. On 11 December 1933, Submarine Division 9 was reassigned to the Yokosuka Guard Unit or Yokosuka Guard Squadron in the Yokosuka Naval District.
While conducting deep diving trials with her sister ship "I-23" on 25 May 1935, "I-24" suffered damage to her main ballast tanks. She was placed in reserve that day to have her ballast tanks reinforced. On 15 November 1935, Submarine Division 9 was reassigned to the Yokosuka Defense Squadron in the Yokosuka Naval District, and, with her ballast tank work complete, "I-24" returned to active service that day, but in 1936 all four submarines of her class had their designed diving depth limited to .
Second Sino-Japanese War.
On 7 July 1937 the first day of the Marco Polo Bridge Incident took place, beginning the Second Sino-Japanese War. In September 1937, Submarine Division 9, consisting of "I-23" and "I-24", moved to a base at Qingdao, China and began operations in northern Chinese waters as part of a Japanese blockade of China. On 1 December 1937, Submarine Division 13 was assigned to Submarine Squadron 3 in the 4th Fleet, a component of the Combined Fleet, and in December 1937, the light cruiser arrived at Qingdao to serve as flagship of Submarine Squadron 3, which consisted of Submarine Division 13 (made up of "I-21" and "I-22") as well as Submarine Division 9 ("I-23" and "I-24").
"I-24" was renumbered I-124 on 1 June 1938, freeing up her previous number for the new submarine , whose keel was laid that year. On 20 June 1938, Submarine Division 9 was assigned to the Gunnery School in the Yokosuka Naval District. In an effort to reduce international tensions over the conflict in China, Japan withdrew its submarines from Chinese waters in December 1938,
1939–1941.
On 1 May 1939, Submarine Division 9 was placed in the Third Reserve in the Yokosuka Naval District, and it moved to the Second Reserve in the district on 15 November 1939. On 20 March 1940, "I-124" herself was placed in reserve at Yokosuka. While in reserve, "I-124" and all three of her sister ships — which, like her, had been renumbered on 1 June 1938, "I-21" becoming "I-121", "I-22" becoming "I-122" and "I-23" becoming "I-123" — underwent conversion into submarine tankers. Retaining their minelaying and torpedo capabilities, they were modified so that each of them could carry 15 tons of aviation gasoline with which to refuel flying boats, allowing the flying boats to extend their range during reconnaissance and bombing missions by meeting the submarines in harbors and lagoons for more fuel.
"I-124" was recommissioned on 24 April 1940, and on 1 May 1940 Submarine Division 9 was assigned to Submarine Squadron 5 in the 4th Fleet. "I-124" soon began a lengthy training cruise in the Pacific in company with "I-121", "I-122", and "I-123": The four submarines departed Sasebo, Japan, on 16 May 1940 and visited the waters of the Caroline Islands, Marshall Islands, and Mariana Islands before concluding their cruise with their arrival at Yokosuka, Japan, on 22 September 1940. On 11 October 1940, "I-124" was one of 98 Imperial Japanese Navy ships that gathered along with more than 500 aircraft on the Japanese coast at Yokohama Bay for an Imperial fleet review — the largest fleet review in Japanese history — in honor of the 2,600th anniversary of the enthronement of the Emperor Jimmu, Japan's legendary first emperor.
Submarine Division 9 was reassigned directly to the Yokosuka Naval District on 15 November 1940. On 1 May 1941, the division was assigned to Submarine Squadron 6 in the 3rd Fleet, a component of the Combined Fleet, and "I-123" and "I-124" were based at Kure. From 7 to 9 April 1941, temporarily substituted for "I-124" as flagship of Submarine Division 9. "I-123" again took over from "I-124" as flagship of Submarine Division 9 on 2 August 1941.
As the Imperial Japanese Navy began to deploy in preparation for the impending conflict in the Pacific, "I-123" and "I-124", under the command of Lieutenant Commander Kishigami Koichi, moved from Yokosuka, Japan, to Samah on Hainan Island in China, where "I-124" arrived on 27 November 1941 in company with the submarine tender . She received the message "Climb Mount Niitaka 1208" () from the Combined Fleet on 2 December 1941, indicating that war with the Allies would commence on 8 December 1941 Japan time (7 December 1941 on the other side of the International Date Line in Hawaii, where the war would begin with Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor).
World War II.
First war patrol.
On 7 December 1941, "I-124" laid 39 Type 88 Mark 1 mines off Manila Bay in the Philippines. "I-124" then proceeded to an area southwest of Lubang Island to provide weather reports and to stand by to rescue Japanese aircrews downed in air strikes on Manila launched from Formosa after hostilities began.
On 8 December 1941, Pacific campaign of World War II began in East Asia. On 10 December 1941, "I-124" torpedoed and sank the 1,523-gross register ton British cargo ship "Hareldawns" — which was on a voyage from Hong Kong to Singapore — off western Luzon at and took her captain prisoner. She concluded her patrol with her arrival at Cam Ranh Bay in Japanese-occupied French Indochina on 14 December 1941.
The mines "I-124" laid off Manila Bay sank the 1,881-gross register ton American merchant ship "Corregidor" on 17 December 1941 at and the 1,976-gross register ton Panamanian-flagged cargo ship "Daylite" on 10 January 1942, also at .
Second war patrol.
"I-124" got back underway from Cam Ranh Bay on 18 December 1941 to begin her second war patrol. By 22 December she was patrolling off the entrance to Manila Bay. She then proceeded via Mindoro Strait to the Sulu Sea. Reassigned with "I-121", "I-122" and "I-123" to Submarine Group "A" on 26 December 1941, she concluded her uneventful patrol on 31 December 1941, arriving at newly captured Davao on Mindanao in company with "I-122". The rest of Submarine Squadron 6 — "I-121", "I-123" and "Chōgei" — soon joined them there.
Third war patrol.
Submarine Squadron 6 received orders to operate next in the Flores Sea and the Torres Strait north of Australia. On 10 January 1942, the four submarines departed Davao, commencing "I-124"s third war patrol. "I-124" reached her patrol area off the western entrance of the Clarence Strait off Australis Northern Territory on 14 January 1942. That day, she sighted the United States Navy heavy cruiser and destroyers and , which were returning to Australia from a sweep in the Banda Sea, but was unable to gain an attack position. On 16 January she laid 27 mines near Darwin, Australia. Four Japanese mines that washed ashore near Darwin on 11 February 1942 may have been laid by "I-124".
On 18 January 1942, "Houston" reported sighting two Japanese submarines — probably "I-123" and "I-124" — west of Darwin. At 17:40 on 19 January, "I-124" reported the arrival at Darwin of three Allied transports escorted by a destroyer. She repeated the report at 22:36, which was the last time the Japanese ever heard from her. Allied codebreakers intercepted the signal and warned Allied forces that "I-124" was off Darwin.
Loss.
On 20 January 1942, "I-124"s sister ship "I-123" conducted an unsuccessful torpedo attack in the Beagle Gulf west of Darwin at against the U.S. Navy fleet oiler , escorted by "Alden" and "Edsall". "Trinity" sighted the wakes of three of "I-123"s torpedoes and reported the attack, after which "Alden" carried out a depth charge attack. "Alden" soon lost contact with "I-123", which escaped unscathed and departed the area. "Trinity", "Alden" and "Edsall" continued their voyage and reached Darwin safely.
When news of the attack reached Darwin, the Royal Australian Navy corvettes , and put to sea to search for "I-123". "Deloraine" reached the vicinity of the attack first. In the meantime, "I-124" also had arrived in the area and she fired a torpedo at "Deloraine" at 13:35. "Deloraine" turned to starboard and the torpedo passed astern of her, broaching as it passed through her wake. "Deloraine" established asdic contact on "I-124" at 13:38 and dropped six depth charges at 13:43. She sighted oil and air bubbles on the surface after the attack. After "Deloraine" dropped another pattern of depth charges, "I-124" briefly broached at , exposing her bow and periscope, down 5 degrees by the stern and listing 20 degrees to port. Before "I-124" fully submerged again, a depth charge from ""s port depth charge thrower landed from her periscope and a U.S. Navy OS2U Kingfisher floatplane from the seaplane tender arrived on the scene and dropped a bomb at the same spot. When "I-124" submerged, she settled on the seabed in of water. "Deloraine" again depth-charged the stationary submarine at 13:56, then noted more oil, bubbles and particles of TNT on the surface. At 14:30 she made another underwater contact to the southeast and conducted two more attacks there, expending the last of her depth charges and noting more oil and bubbles rising to the surface.
"Lithgow" relieved "Deloraine" on the scene by 17:10. By 18:39 "Lithgow" had made seven attacks, expending all 40 of her depth charges, and she observed diesel oil and bubbles on the surface. "Katoomba" arrived at 17:48 and deployed a grapnel to drag the bottom for "I-124". The grapnel made contact, but broke off when "Katoomba" attempted to recover it. "Alden" and "Edsall" joined the Australian ships at 18:59. "Edsall" detected a contact at the edge of the oil slick and dropped five depth charges at 19:40, noting three explosions. "Alden" attacked a contact of her own after 19:55.
"Deloraine", which had departed the area, returned at 03:05 on 21 January 1942 and made another submarine detection, which she attacked three times. The boom defence vessel joined her and began a series of attempts to locate "I-124" on the ocean floor. "Katoomba", which also had left the scene, returned around 11:55, but at midday, the weather in the area deteriorated and no further attacks took place. "Delorainee" claimed two submarines sunk and "Katoomba" claimed one. In reality, "I-124", sunk with the loss of all 80 men on board, was the only submarine present and she was the first Japanese warship sunk by the Royal Australian Navy and fourth Japanese submarine lost in World War II.
On 26 January 1942, "Kookaburra" returned to the scene with a team of 16 U.S. Navy divers from the submarine tender . The fourth and fifth divers identified a large submarine on the sea bottom with one hatch apparently blown open. It was the first confirmation of the demise of "I-124". The divers recorded the location of her wreck as .
The Japanese struck "I-124" from the Navy List on 30 April 1942.
Attempted salvage and protection as war grave.
"I-124" has been surrounded by controversy since her loss. During World War II there were claims that two submarines had been lost in the operations off Darwin; that her crew remained alive for some time; and that divers heard crew movement inside her hull. Later both Japanese and American sources reported that "the "I 124" with her Division Commander Keiyu Endo, embarked, sank with all those on board in water only forty feet [12.2 meters] deep. US Navy divers were sent down and entered the submarine and removed naval codebooks, a godsend for the Navy codebreakers at Pearl Harbor". However, this was later disproved by maritime archaeologist Dr M. McCarthy in his unpublished departmental report. This was published with additional information, including details about the Japanese crew by naval historian Dr. Tom Lewis in his book "Sensuikan I-124", later re-published as "Darwin's Submarine I-124".
McCarthy and Lewis set out how the submarine was indeed the subject of diving attempts soon after the action, with the Royal Australian Navy and United States Navy both trying to access it to recover codebooks. However, the initial dives did not enter the wreck and diving later was curtailed because the Japanese air raid on Darwin on 19 February 1942 made it seem too dangerous to anchor ships over the site to support divers.
Though relatives of the crew attempted to organise the recovery of the crew's remains for cremation in accordance with Japanese custom, "I-124" was then left undisturbed until 1972, when its location was rediscovered following a six-week search. Trade Winds Ltd. and Lincoln Ltd. Salvage Company (T&amp;L Salvage) of the New Hebrides purchased the salvage rights for the submarine from the Australian government. The wreck was found to be mostly intact in of water with several holes near the conning tower and at least one "blown" hatch. The salvage company believed the submarine was carrying large quantities of mercury when she sank and offered to sell the wreck and any remains of its personnel to the Japanese government for A$2.5 million. The Japanese consul-general in Australia advised T&amp;L Salvage that any salvage required the approval of the Japanese government, which it was not willing to give as it considered the site to be war grave. The Australian government found that it legally held no control over the wrecked submarine. The matter was further complicated by infighting within the salvage company, which led to a split in April 1973 when one of the salvors threatened to drop explosives on the submarine if a Japanese decision was slow in forthcoming. The controversy gained much media attention. Both salvage groups attempted to claim the right to salvage "I-124", but withdrew their claims by the end of 1974, one willingly, the other after pressure from the Australian government, which had come to join the Japanese in considering the shipwreck a war grave.
In December 1976, the matter of "I-124" was raised in the Parliament of Australia during discussion of a bill that would protect all shipwrecks in Australian waters. The bill was enacted as the "Historic Shipwrecks Act" at the end of 1976. The salvor, Harry Baxter, carried through on a threat to use explosives on the wreck, damaging the conning tower and causing its aft section to come loose. In response, "I-124" was placed under the enhanced level of protection offered by the legislation, with an exclusion zone placed around the wreck in July 1977. The salvage team reports indicated that the submarine still carried mines, which led to the Royal Australian Navy sending the minehunter to locate and defuse them. Divers from the minehunter found no mines or explosives at the wreck site.
A team from the Western Australian Museum led by Dr. M. "Mack" McCarthy aboard the research vessel "Flamingo Bay" carried out a subsequent investigation of the wreck in March 1989. The expedition found that the location of the submarine was incorrectly recorded on charts and corrected it to , a point due south of Penguin Hill on Bathurst Island. The researchers also disproved rumours that a second submarine had been sunk off Darwin at the same time, that the U.S. Navy had salvaged Japanese codebooks from the wreck, and that mercury was aboard "I-124" when she sank, which was the reason given in the 1970s for removing the wreck. Subsequent research by Tom Lewis further disproved these rumours, as well as claims that "I-124" was involved in the sinking of the Australian light cruiser in November 1941.
In November 2022, the ABC reported that a team of divers had completed a three-year mission to create a 3D map of I-124.
Memorial.
In 2017, the Australian Japanese Association of the Northern Territory (AJANT) erected a memorial plaque for "I-124" and her crew at the Dripstone Cliffs in Darwin, Australia. A dedication ceremony for the plaque took place at Parliament House in Darwin on 17 February 2017 in connection with the commemoration of the 75th anniversary of the bombing of Darwin in 1942. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visited the memorial on 17 November 2018 and laid a wreath in memory of the crew of "I-124". On 18 February 2019, AJANT planted a memorial pongamia tree ("Millettia pinnata") at the site in connection with the commemoration of the 77th anniversary of the bombing of Darwin in a ceremony attended by Administrator of the Northern Territory Vicki O'Halloran, the Japanese ambassador to Australia, and the U.S. Consul General to Australia.
Virtual dive experience.
In October 2021, the Government of Australia's Northern Territory and the Australian Institute of Marine Science collaborated to map the wreck of using remote sonar sensing equipment. Dr John McCarthy, a maritime archaeologist at Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia, then collaborated with the Northern Territory Heritage Branch to use the sonar data to create a "virtual dive experience" on the wreck, with narration in both English and Japanese. Both the English- and Japanese-narrated versions of the video were posted on YouTube and the Oculus platform ahead of the 80th anniversary of the sinking of "I-124" on 20 January 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6914619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914619" title="Thomas Vrabec">
Thomas Vrabec

Thomas Vrabec (born October 22, 1966) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey centre of Czech ancestry. He was born in Jablonec nad Nisou. In 1996 he had to abandon his career due to thrombosis. He was team captain of the SC Bern and the Swiss national team.
International play.
Thomas Vrabec participated in the following tournaments for the Swiss national team:

</doc>
<doc id="6914620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914620" title="Sha Tin Airfield">
Sha Tin Airfield

Sha Tin Airfield was a small military airfield in Sha Tin, New Territories, Hong Kong, which had a single concrete runway. The airfield was located along the Shing Mun River and looked out to Tide Cove. The airfield served as a Flight (military unit) location for most of the location's existence.
The airfield was destroyed by storm surge from Typhoon Wanda in 1962, and subsequently abandoned. It was demolished in the early 1970s as the RAF consolidated their operations at RAF Shek Kong and later re-developed as part of the New Town project for Shatin.
Location.
Sha Tin Airfield was located near the Sha Tin station of the Kowloon-Canton Railway British Section, next to the shallow shores of Tide Cove.
The runway is now the site of the Hong Kong Heritage Museum, New Town Plaza Phase 3 and Royal Park Hotel, while the base is currently occupied by Sha Tin Park.
History.
Before Sha Tin Airfield was built, Belgian pilot Charles van den Born flew his Farman Mk II bi-plane "Wanda" from an airfield in the area on 18 March 1911. In 1997 a 1:1 replica of the plane named Spirit of Shatin (沙田精神號), was made and displayed at the Hong Kong International Airport.
In 1949, Sha Tin Airfield was built for use by the Royal Air Force (as RAF Shatin). The designation as an RAF airfield was brief and was transferred to the British Army's Army Air Corps (AAC). In the 1950s and 1960, the AAC rotated in various air observation post Flight units from United Kingdom to Hong Kong:
The air observation post were under the command of the 40th Infantry Division. The airfield operated the Auster AOP.6, an aircraft also used by the Royal Hong Kong Auxiliary Air Force.
During the late 1950s a private club used the airfield to fly RC model airplanes. The club remained at the airfield until 1970.
In 1962, Typhoon Wanda severely damaged much of the site and moved to Kai Tak airport to relocate with the RAF around 1963. Subsequently, the airfield was demolished in the early 1970s to make way for developing the Sha Tin New Town.
Facilities.
The airfield consisted of a single 600-metre runway, direction 05/23. Facilities at the airfield consisted of a small control tower, building and hangars made of corrugated steel sections. The mansion of Ho Tung Lau located at the edge of the Tide Cove adjacent to the KCR railway, was used as the air observation post headquarters building.

</doc>
<doc id="6914621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914621" title="Cagney and lacey">
Cagney and lacey



</doc>
<doc id="6914622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914622" title="1844 United States House election">
1844 United States House election



</doc>
<doc id="6914624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914624" title="1939 in the United Kingdom">
1939 in the United Kingdom

 
Events from the year 1939 in the United Kingdom. This year sees the start of the Second World War, ending the Interwar period.

</doc>
<doc id="6914631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914631" title="Otternes">
Otternes

Otternes is a Norwegian linear and cluster collective farmyard midway between Aurland and Flåm in Vestland County. The farmyard consists of 27 buildings.
History.
Evidence shows settlements from about 300 A.D. The oldest buildings, Guttormstova and Eilertstova were built about 1700. The land redistribution reform in the 1860s were not implemented in Otternes, where the allocation of strip of fields lasted until 1987. Otternes consisted originally of four farms: Tomas Farm, Guttorm Farm, Odda Farm and Anders Farm. In the 19th century, about 30 people lived there in the farmplace. The two remaining farms were run in the traditional fashion until 1970. Otternes has thus been hardly affected by the passage of time, and some of is buildings appear more or less as they did in the 18th century. The cultivated landscape remains essentially intact with hills, stairs, stone walls, wells, etc.
Otternes has been without residents since 1996. As a result of its historic flavor, the locale has therefore been a setting for several film productions.
Today Otternes serves as a rural museum and a centre for traditional crafts. It is also used for traditional activities as spinning, weaving, thin wafer crispbread (flat bread) baking, yarn dyeing, ale brewing and a variety of other exhibitions in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="6914632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914632" title="Walter Butler, Marquess of Ormonde">
Walter Butler, Marquess of Ormonde



</doc>
<doc id="6914635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914635" title="Sunrunners of Goddess Keep">
Sunrunners of Goddess Keep



</doc>
<doc id="6914647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914647" title="Scat back">
Scat back



</doc>
<doc id="6914653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914653" title="Love for Sale">
Love for Sale

Love for Sale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914656" title="Le Petit Lieutenant">
Le Petit Lieutenant

Le Petit Lieutenant (also released under the title of The Young Lieutenant) is a 2005 French crime drama film directed by Xavier Beauvois. With almost documentary realism, it shows how in a tragic breach of procedure a young married police lieutenant is killed by a suspect and how the head of his squad doggedly tracks down the killer, who is shot dead trying to escape.
Plot.
Graduating from police academy as a lieutenant, Antoine chooses a place on a detective squad in a busy quarter of Paris, leaving his young wife in their home town of Le Havre. Newly in charge of the squad is Caroline who, after losing her young son to meningitis, took to the bottle. Now on her own and recovering, she takes an interest in her keen young assistant and in a quiet moment the two even share a joint.
Two similar incidents are under investigation, involving a Polish man and an English man being beaten, knifed, and thrown into the river. The first man dies but a witness says the assailant was a Russian, while the second man survives and can confirm that it was a Russian. After detective work has narrowed down a possible address for a prime suspect, Antoine and a colleague go to investigate. When the colleague says he needs to go to the toilet in a bar opposite, Antoine proceeds alone and is knifed to death.
Caroline is mortified by the failure of her squad and the loss of a valuable young recruit, while the colleague is sacked. After a bad evening when she buys herself gin and goes to the home of an ex-lover, she recovers her energy and her determination to catch the killer. Long detective work identifies an associate, who is arrested and his mobile phone is monitored. Calls from the killer reveal that he is in Nice. Flying there, Caroline watches the local police storm the building. When the killer leaps from a window, with two shots of her pistol Caroline kills him.
Critical response.
"The Young Lieutenant" received generally positive reviews from critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 79%, based on 53 reviews, with an average rating of 6.9/10. The site's consensus reads, "A gritty, languidly paced crime drama that blends old-fashioned ambiance with modern cynicism". At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 71, based on 19 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

</doc>
<doc id="6914677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914677" title="Coastal fortifications of Jersey">
Coastal fortifications of Jersey

Jersey is a heavily fortified island with coastal fortifications that date to the English Civil War, the Napoleonic Wars, and Nazi Germany's occupation of the Channel Islands. The fortifications include castles, forts, towers, Martello towers, artillery batteries, and seawalls. Not infrequently, fortifications from one period are built on the site of earlier fortifications, or very near them, geography having remained the same even when firepower increased.
As of 2013, some of the fortifications are museums, or holiday accommodation, private homes, and event and sport venues. Most are under the control of the States of Jersey, Jersey Heritage, the National Trust for Jersey, and the Channel Islands Occupation Society.
Coastal towers (pre-World War II).
Coastal towers stand all along the coast of the island. The British built 22 round towers, one similar square tower, and eight Martello towers towards the end of the 18th century and in the early to mid-19th century, but now only 24 remain, including seven of the Martellos.
Conway's towers.
On 28 May 1778, the governor of Jersey, Field Marshal Henry Seymour Conway, submitted plans to Lord Weymouth for the construction of 30 coastal towers to forestall, or at least impede French incursions on the island. King George III granted approval and funding on 5 July 1778.
Work began in 1779, after a failed French landing at St Ouen's Bay on 1 May 1779. Perhaps four had been completed by the time of the Battle of Jersey in 1781, in which however they played no part. Guernsey, which the French did not attack, had built 15 loophole towers between 1778 and 1779.
Seymour Tower, which replaced an earlier tower on the same spot at La Rocque, was built of granite and was the only square tower. The other 22 towers that Conway had constructed were round.
Although frequently called Martello towers, the round towers are taller, and they predate the development of true Martello towers. The round towers differ from Martello towers in several ways. The Jersey towers are mostly built with local granite rather than brick, have a slighter batter (taper), and most importantly, originally did not have a cannon on the top platform. (The Guernsey round towers have a strong batter on the ground floor and no machicolations; they too initially did not carry a gun on the top platform.) Later, at the onset of the Napoleonic Wars, both the Jersey and Guernsey towers each received a 12-pounder carronade on a pivot mount for the top platform.
During the German occupation of the Channel Islands during World War II, the Germans adapted some of the towers to their own purposes. The Germans also destroyed several towers.
Some of the surviving towers have been painted on the seaward side to serve as daymarks (navigational aids). Archirondel is painted red and white, while other towers are painted white and red, or white, in whole or in part, again, on the seaward side. The order below is counter-clockwise from the north-west corner of the island.
Numismatics.
The latest Jersey pound note design (2010) has a picture of the St Clement's tower at Le Hocq. This tower also appears on the reverse of the Jersey 1p coin.
Martello towers.
The British built eight true Martello towers in Jersey, three between 1808 and 1814, and five between 1834 and 1837. The German occupation forces destroyed one of the second group, L'Etacq, during World War II.
World War II coastal fortifications.
During World War II, Nazi Germany constructed a considerable number of fortifications in the Channel Islands which form part of the Atlantic Wall. The Channel Islands were amongst the most heavily fortified parts of the Atlantic Wall, particularly Alderney which is the island closest to France. In Jersey, the fortifications include Hohlgangsanlage tunnels and artillery batteries such as Battery Moltke and Battery Lothringen.
The most distinctive new structures the Germans built were the Marine Peilstand (MP) towers that they used to search for targets at sea. The Germans had intended to build nine towers, but only completed three. These towers are round and have five or more floors with observation embrasures, as well as defensive embrasures. MP1 is part of Battery Lothringen, MP2 overlooks Corbière lighthouse and is now known as the Radio Tower, and MP3 is part of Battery Moltke. The design of the towers inadvertently and somewhat ironically reflect the Bauhaus movement of Modernist architecture (1919-1933), a movement that the Nazis had tried to suppress.
As well as building many new fortifications, the German forces made their own additions to some of the existing fortifications. These additions include gun emplacements and various types of bunkers.
Organisation Todt built the fortifications using imported labour, primarily prisoners of war and workers deported from occupied countries. The Germans transported over 16,000 slave workers to the Channel Islands to build the fortifications.

</doc>
<doc id="6914679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914679" title="Halifax Choral Society">
Halifax Choral Society

Halifax Choral Society (HCS) is a choir based in the town of Halifax in the English county of West Yorkshire. It is notable for being the oldest amateur choral society in Britain (and possibly in the world) with an unbroken record of performance.
History.
The idea for the Halifax Choral Society (initially called Halifax Quarterly Choral Society) emerged from a discussion in late 1817 at a dinner party hosted at his home, Crow Trees in Lightcliffe, Halifax, for his musical friends by William Priestley, an eminent local musician, antiquary and literary gentleman. Late in 1817, at a dinner party Priestley discussed the possibility of a permanent choir rather than the gatherings of singers that had presented concerts in the district for many years previously.
The choir has played an important role in the social and musical life of Halifax throughout its life, especially during the many civic and national celebrations which typified Imperial Britain in the nineteenth century. In the twentieth century the choir was able to keep going through the two world wars, and exploited the technology of radio, TV, and the gramophone and its descendants, to reach new audiences.
As well as performing with professional orchestras and top-ranking soloists, it performs with the highest ranking brass bands such as the Black Dyke Band from nearby Queensbury. The choir maintains a friendly rivalry with neighbouring Huddersfield Choral Society. This may be due in part to the Halifax Choral Society interviewing and turning down the young Malcolm Sargent for the post of conductor, and then later seeing Sargent's success as conductor in Huddersfield.
Halifax Choral Society has pioneered music by such composers as Mendelssohn and Haydn. Works have also been commissioned especially for the HCS.
Mozart manuscript.
The Choir made headlines when it presented, for the first time in modern history, a fascinating orchestration of Handel's oratorio "Judas Maccabaeus". The score, which is attributed to Mozart, was found in the HCS archives where it had been preserved since the early 1850s, having been presented to HCS by the Choir's founder. The find inspired a TV recording of the first performance, broadcast in the UK and on Trio Arts (part of the Trio TV network) in the USA.
Bicentenary.
The Society held its bicentenary season in 2017–18 with a programme which included a new oratorio commission from Philip Wilby. The work is called "The Holy Face", and features the story of the life and dramatic death of Halifax's patron saint – John the Baptist, whose head is pictured on the Halifax coat of arms. The final concert of the season was a reprise of the first of the first: on 9 February 1818, in the Halifax Court House, this was Haydn's "The Creation".

</doc>
<doc id="6914691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914691" title="Jonny Zero">
Jonny Zero

Jonny Zero is an American television action-crime drama series, created and written by R. Scott Gemmill and executive produced by John Wells, that premiered on Fox on January 14, 2005. The series principally stars Franky G as Jonny Calvo, an ex-con approached to be an FBI informant following his imprisonment for murder. The series co-stars GQ and Brennan Hesser.
A single season of thirteen episodes were produced, but Fox aired only eight of the thirteen episodes, choosing to cancel the series due to low ratings after initially choosing to broadcast it in the Friday night death slot. During the show's run, episodes were aired out of order, causing numerous continuity errors, including Jonny's best friend being murdered, but then turning up two episodes later alive and well, introduced as a new character. The series was broadcast in its entirety in Australia on ABC in 2007.
Plot.
Jonny Calvo (Franky G) served four years in Sing-Sing Prison for killing a man. After release, he is determined to stay out of the criminal life; however his old boss, Garrett (Ritchie Coster), tries to lure him back to crime. FBI Agent Stringer (Chris Bauer) wants Jonny to be his informant so he can arrest Garrett on numerous criminal charges. Upon his release from prison, Jonny tries to prove to his ex-wife and son that he is reliable, but his past catches up with him, causing him to have minimal contact with them. His parole officer, Gloria (Aunjanue Ellis), orders Jonny to find a job upon his release and soon Jonny ends up mopping floors at Captain Jack's, a pirate-themed restaurant for children. He soon meets another employee who calls himself, Random (GQ).
The two soon become friends and Jonny decides that he will use his street smarts to help other people in need by starting his own private eye business. Random follows suit and allows Jonny to stay at his apartment. However, being a small private business, the money from clients is minimal and Jonny reluctantly decides to work for Garrett again, but making sure that crime will play no part in getting him thrown back in prison. Jonny is soon sought after by a father looking for his daughter, Danni a.k.a. "Velvet" (Brennan Hesser) who works at strip joints and goth clubs. After much complications, she stops working at clubs and forms a friendship with Jonny and Random. The series concentrates on Jonny trying to redeem himself by helping other people in need, staying away from crime and proving to his ex-wife and son that he has changed.
Episodes.
Episodes are listed in original production order.

</doc>
<doc id="6914703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914703" title="Židikai">
Židikai

Židikai (Samogitian: "Žėdėkā") is a town in Mažeikiai district municipality, Lithuania. It is located west of Mažeikiai. Židikai is the seat of Židikai elderate. Židikai is known for being the home of Marija Pečkauskaitė – Šatrijos Ragana, a famous Lithuanian writer (1877–1930) for the last 15 years of her lifetime.
History.
From 1614, Židikai was held by the Kražiai Jesuits. In 1659, during the Northern Wars, Swedish forces burnt down Židikai.
Between 1918 and 1939, when Lithuania was established as an independent state, Židikai prospered. It was both the center of a Catholic parish and the center of local governance. In the interwar period Židikai population reached nearly 1,000.
Before World War II, Židikai had an important Jewish community. According to the census of 1923, there were 893 residents in the shtetl, 799 being Jewish (89%). During the summer of 1941, hundreds of Jews were murdered in mass executions perpetrated by an einsatzgruppen of Germans and Lithuanian collaborators.
Economic activity in the village stalled. After the war, during the years of Soviet occupation, Židikai developed similarly to other small towns in Lithuania: in 1952, a hospital was established in the former parsonage; in 1954, a secondary school was established replacing the primary school; and in 1956, Židikai's Culture Center was founded. Židikai's population in 1959 was 429.
After the re-establishment of independence of Lithuania in 1990, Židikai became the seat of the Židikai elderate.
Progress.
Currently, there are three grocery shops, a gymnasium, a dispensary, a public library, a music school and a Culture center. Public parks were created in 2006 and 2008. In 2007, the President of the Republic of Lithuania approved a new coat of arms of Židikai. On 30 April 2010, a project to renovate the center of the town began. It was financed by the EU and Mažeikiai District Municipality's funds. During the project, the Nepriklausomybės and Turgaus squares as well as the buildings of the Culture center and Židikai elderate were renovated. The project was finished in 2012. Its value was LTL 731,677. The old town of Židikai is an urban monument with its street plan protected. The large Lithuanian company, ORLEN Lietuva has a presence in the Židikai eldership.
Design.
Židikai town has a radial layout, established from the time of the Wallach land reform of 1547. Conserved buildings are predominantly one or two floors high and date to the early 20th century. There are also post World War II and later 20th century buildings. The old part of Židikai is a monument of urbanistics, protected by the state.
Culture.
Židikai is noted for its resident of 15 years, the author Šatrijos Ragana. In the center of Židikai, there is a museum dedicated to her . Its exhibits document both her childhood and youth as well as her later life in the town.
The Židikai Culture Centre encourages regional traditions and leisure activities for the youth and other residents of the town. The building of the Culture Centre was completed in 1967 with two halls: a larger hall with a capacity of 200 seats for large events, concerts, disco parties "etc". and a smaller hall for events such as art exhibitions and board game tournaments.
Židikai public library was opened in 1939. In 2004, the library had about 9,000 documents and books in its possession. In 1994, the library moved to the new premises in the building of the Culture Centre (which is also home to the town's music school). The public library is a branch of Mažeikiai public library.
Governance.
Židikai is the center of Židikai eldership and the largest town within the eldership. The area of the eldership is . The population density of the eldership is . In 2009, five sub-elderships were established, one of which was located in Židikai itself.
Education.
The Židikai Marija Pečkauskaitė Gymnasium opened in 1865 and is the oldest school in the Mažeikiai District Municipality. In the town there is also a branch of the Mažeikiai music school which was founded in 1986. There, students have an opportunity to learn to play the piano, accordion, saxophone or guitar as well as to learn music theory and history. It is located in the Židikai Culture Centre.
Religion.
Židikai has one Roman Catholic church and one chapel (in the cemetery of the town). The first church in Židikai was built in 1636 by the Kražiai Jesuits who held the town from 1614. The parish of Židikai was established in 1853. The existing St. John the Baptist's church was built in 1821 and St. Ann's Chapel was built in 1941. The most important religious festival and the biggest festival of the town is Saint Ann's Feast celebrated annually during the last weekend of July. On the Sunday of the feast, Mass is celebrated in front of the cemetery chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="6914705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914705" title="Nguyễn Sinh Cung">
Nguyễn Sinh Cung



</doc>
<doc id="6914707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914707" title="Mirza Tahir Ahmad">
Mirza Tahir Ahmad

Mirza Tahir Ahmad (; 18 December 1928 – 19 April 2003) was the fourth caliph (, "khalīfatul masīh al-rābi") and the head of the worldwide Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. He was elected as the fourth successor of the founder of the community, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad. He was elected on 10 June 1982, the day after the death of his predecessor, Mirza Nasir Ahmad.
Following the Ordinance XX that was promulgated by the government of Pakistan in 1984, which prohibited Ahmadi Muslims from any public expression of the Islamic faith, Tahir Ahmad left Pakistan and migrated to London, England, provisionally moving the headquarters of the community to the Fazl Mosque in London. He is noted particularly for his question and answer sessions which he held regularly with people from around the world and for his Quranic discourses. Under his leadership, there was an acceleration in the number of Quran translations produced by the Community; and during his caliphate, the Community experienced structural and financial growth on an international level, including the launch of the first Muslim satellite television network, Muslim Television Ahmadiyya in 1994 through which he could communicate televised messages to the Community globally and have his sermons and other public engagements transmitted throughout the world through this medium.
Tahir Ahmad also authored many books including, "Some Distinctive Features of Islam"; "Christianity: A Journey from Facts to Fiction"; "Murder in the Name of Allah", and his magnum opus "Revelation, Rationality, Knowledge &amp; Truth".
As Caliph.
The "Majlis Intikhab Khilafat" (Electoral College), convened at Mubarik Mosque in Rabwah, Pakistan, elected Mirza Tahir Ahmad as the fourth successor to Mirza Ghulam Ahmad and head of the community on 10 June 1982.
Muslim Television Ahmadiyya.
As Khalifatul Masih, Mirza Tahir Ahmad established the Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (commonly referred to as MTA). This satellite-based channel broadcast its first program (the Friday Sermon by Tahir Ahmad) on 7 January 1994 from London.
International Bai'at.
In 1993 Mirza Tahir Ahmad started an international initiation ceremony to be held every year at the annual gatherings of Ahmadis in which new converts join the community by pledging their allegiance to the Khalifa. The International Bai'at ceremony was broadcast live across the world. He often claimed that it was the historical fulfillment of the Pentecost that was destined to occur at the time of the Second Coming.
Death.
Mirza Tahir Ahmad died in London on 19 April 2003 from heart failure. The newly elected Caliph Mirza Masroor Ahmad, as the Khalifatul Masih V, led the funeral prayer on 23 April 2003, attended by over 40,000 people from around the world. His successor is his nephew, the son of one of his sisters.
Writings, speeches and Q&amp;A sessions.
"Revelation, Rationality, Knowledge and Truth".
Ahmad wrote a book title "Revelation, Rationality, Knowledge and Truth", which was a further development on a talk he gave in Zurich, Switzerland, in 1987. It covered many topics relating to the present-day. In this book he argued a rebuttal to the theories of biologist Richard Dawkins. He argues that Socrates was a prophet of the ancient Greeks and that several other prominent figures from history were at the level of prophethood.
Quranic exegesis.
Tahir Ahmad delivered annual commentaries on the Quran during the month of Ramadan. He incorporated lengthy discussions of previous commentators as well as the founder of Ahmadiyya and the Ahmadiyya Caliphs that came before him. In addition, he discussed the lexicon of the Quran and refuted many Orientalist ideas about the historicity of the Quran, Islam and the life of the Prophet Muhammad. His commentaries differed significantly from those offered by many of the classical Quranic commentators, placing emphasis on the logical and rational approach to the Quran. For example, he did not believe it was essential to rely heavily on Asbab al-nuzul (Circumstances of the Revelation) in order to understand the implications of the Quranic verses, presenting strong arguments instead that the Quran offered its own context. He delivered seven discourses on Asbab al-nuzul.

</doc>
<doc id="6914708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914708" title="MIStructE">
MIStructE



</doc>
