<doc id="7053348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053348" title="Mohsin Hamid">
Mohsin Hamid

Mohsin Hamid (; born 23 July 1971) is a British Pakistani novelist, writer and brand consultant. His novels are "Moth Smoke" (2000), "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" (2007), "How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia" (2013), "Exit West" (2017), and "The Last White Man" (2022).
Early life and education.
Born to a family of Punjabi and Kashmiri descent, Hamid spent part of his childhood in the United States, where he stayed from the age of 3 to 9 while his father, now a university professor, was enrolled in a PhD program at Stanford University. He then moved with his family back to Lahore, Pakistan, and attended the Lahore American School.
At the age of 18, Hamid returned to the United States to continue his education. He graduated summa cum laude with an A.B. from the Princeton School of Public and International Affairs in 1993 after completing a 127-page senior thesis, titled "Sustainable Power: Integrated Resource Planning in Pakistan", under the supervision of Robert H. Williams. While he was a student at Princeton, Hamid studied under Joyce Carol Oates and Toni Morrison. Hamid wrote the first draft of his first novel for a fiction workshop taught by Morrison. He returned to Pakistan after college to continue working on it.
Hamid then attended Harvard Law School, graduating in 1997. Finding corporate law boring, he repaid his student loans by working for several years as a management consultant at McKinsey &amp; Company in New York City. He was allowed to take three months off each year to write, and he used this time to complete his first novel "Moth Smoke".
Work.
Hamid moved to London in the summer of 2001, initially intending to stay only one year. Although he frequently returned to Pakistan to write, he continued to live in London for eight years, becoming a dual citizen of the United Kingdom in 2006. In 2004 he joined the brand consultancy Wolff Olins, working only three days a week so as to retain time to write. He later served as managing director of Wolff Olins' London office, and in 2015 was appointed the firm's first-ever Chief Storytelling Officer.
Hamid's first novel, "Moth Smoke", tells the story of a marijuana-smoking ex-banker in post-nuclear-test Lahore who falls in love with his best friend's wife and becomes a heroin addict. It was published in 2000, and quickly became a cult hit in Pakistan and India. It was also a finalist for the PEN/Hemingway Award given to the best first novel in the US. It was adapted for television in Pakistan and as an operetta in Italy.
"Moth Smoke" had an innovative structure, using multiple voices, second-person trial scenes, and essays on such topics as the role of air-conditioning in the lives of its main characters. Pioneering a hip, contemporary approach to English language South Asian fiction, it was considered by some critics to be "the most interesting novel that came out of [its] generation of subcontinent (English) writing." In the "New York Review of Books", Anita Desai noted:One could not really continue to write, or read about, the slow seasonal changes, the rural backwaters, gossipy courtyards, and traditional families in a world taken over by gun-running, drug-trafficking, large-scale industrialism, commercial entrepreneurship, tourism, new money, nightclubs, boutiques... Where was the Huxley, the Orwell, the Scott Fitzgerald, or even the Tom Wolfe, Jay McInerney, or Brett Easton Ellis to record this new world? Mohsin Hamid's novel "Moth Smoke", set in Lahore, is one of the first pictures we have of that world.
His second novel, "The Reluctant Fundamentalist", told the story of a Pakistani man who decides to leave his high-flying life in America after a failed love affair and the terrorist attacks of 9/11. It was published in 2007 and became a million-copy international best seller, reaching No.4 on the New York Times Best Seller list. The novel was shortlisted for the Booker Prize, won several awards including the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award and the Asian American Literary Award, and was translated into over 25 languages. "The Guardian" selected it as one of the books that defined the decade.
Like "Moth Smoke", "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" was formally experimental. The novel uses the unusual device of a dramatic monologue in which the Pakistani protagonist continually addresses an American listener who is never heard from directly. (Hamid has said "The Fall" by Albert Camus served as his model.) According to one commentator, because of this technique:maybe we the readers are the ones who jump to conclusions; maybe the book is intended as a Rorschach to reflect back our unconscious assumptions. In our not knowing lies the novel's suspense... Hamid literally leaves us at the end in a kind of alley, the story suddenly suspended; it's even possible that some act of violence might occur. But more likely, we are left holding the bag of conflicting worldviews. We're left to ponder the symbolism of Changez having been caught up in the game of symbolism—a game we ourselves have been known to play.
In an interview in May 2007, Hamid said of the brevity of "The Reluctant Fundamentalist": "I'd rather people read my book twice than only half-way through."
"How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia", was excerpted by "The New Yorker" in their 24 September 2012 issue and by "Granta" in their Spring 2013 issue, and was released in March 2013 by Riverhead Books. As with his previous books, "How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia" bends conventions of both genre and form. Narrated in the second person, it tells the story of the protagonist's ("your") journey from impoverished rural boy to tycoon in an unnamed contemporary city in "rising Asia," and of his pursuit of the nameless "pretty girl" whose path continually crosses but never quite converges with his. Stealing its shape from the self-help books devoured by ambitious youths all over "rising Asia," the novel is playful but also quite profound in its portrayal of the thirst for ambition and love in a time of shattering economic and social upheaval. In her "New York Times" review of the novel, Michiko Kakutani called it "deeply moving," writing that "How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia" "reaffirms [Hamid's] place as one of his generation's most inventive and gifted writers."
Hamid has also written on politics, art, literature, travel, and other topics, most recently on Pakistan's internal division and extremism in an op-ed for the "New York Times". His journalism, essays, and stories have appeared in "TIME", "The Guardian", "Dawn", "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "The International Herald Tribune", the "Paris Review", and other publications. In 2013 he was named one of the world's 100 Leading Global Thinkers by "Foreign Policy" magazine.
Hamid's fourth novel, "Exit West" (2017)"," is about a young couple, Nadia and Saeed, and their relationship in a time when the world is taken by storm by migrants. It was shortlisted for the 2017 Booker Prize.
His novels have also been criticised for providing a limited, often one-dimensional representation of Muslim existence, invoking religious symbols/beliefs only to associate them with possibly fundamentalist or terror-sympathising leanings.
Personal life.
Hamid moved to Lahore in 2009 with his wife Zahra and their daughter Dina (born on 14 August 2009). He now divides his time between Pakistan and abroad, living between Lahore, New York, and London. Hamid has described himself as a "mongrel" and has said of his writing that "a novel can often be a divided man’s conversation with himself". He is a dual British and Pakistani citizen.
Awards and honours.
Hamid has personally been rewarded a number of times. In 2013, "Foreign Policy" named him one of their "100 Leading Global Thinkers." In 2018, he was named a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, as well as a Sitara-i-Imtiaz in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="7053358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053358" title="Gettysburg Cyclorama">
Gettysburg Cyclorama

The Battle of Gettysburg, also known as the Gettysburg Cyclorama, is a cyclorama painting by the French artist Paul Philippoteaux depicting Pickett's Charge, the climactic Confederate attack on the Union forces during the Battle of Gettysburg on July 3, 1863. After being commissioned by Chicago investors, Philippoteaux studied the battlefield and interviewed participants, completing the cyclorama in 1883. A Boston version of the cyclorama was later made, as well as two other major copies. After being displayed in several other locations in whole and in part, the Boston version was taken to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and was displayed there beginning in the 1910s. In 1942, it was purchased by the National Park Service. The cyclorama has been restored multiple times and is on display at Gettysburg National Military Park.
Description.
The painting is the work of French artist Paul Dominique Philippoteaux. It depicts Pickett's Charge, the failed infantry assault that was the climax of the Battle of Gettysburg. The painting is a "cyclorama", a type of 360° cylindrical painting. The intended effect is to immerse the viewer in the scene being depicted, often with the addition of foreground models and life-sized replicas to enhance the illusion. Among the sites documented in the painting are Cemetery Ridge, the Angle, and the "High-water mark of the Confederacy". The version that hangs in Gettysburg, a recent (2005) restoration of the version created for Boston, is high and in circumference.
Development.
Philippoteaux became interested in cycloramas and, in collaboration with his father, created "The Defence of the Fort d'Issy" in 1871. Other successful works included "Taking of Plevna" (Turko-Russian War), the "Passage of the Balkans", "The Belgian Revolution of 1830", "Attack in the Park", "The Battle of Kars", "The Battle of Tel-el-Kebir", and the "Derniere Sortie". He was commissioned by a group of Chicago investors to create the Gettysburg Cyclorama. He spent several weeks in April 1882 at the site of the Gettysburg Battlefield to sketch and photograph the scene, and extensively researched the battle and its events over several months. He erected a wooden platform along present-day Hancock Avenue and drew a circle around it, eighty feet in diameter, driving stakes into the ground to divide it into ten sections. Local photographer William H. Tipton took three photographs of each section, focusing in turn on the foreground, the land behind it, and the horizon. The photos, pasted together, formed the basis of the composition. Philippoteaux also interviewed several survivors of the battle, including Union generals Winfield S. Hancock, Abner Doubleday, Oliver O. Howard, and Alexander S. Webb, and based his work partly on their recollections.
Philippoteaux enlisted a team of five assistants, including his father until his death, to create the final work. It took over a year and a half to complete. The finished painting was nearly 100 yards long and weighed six tons. When completed for display, the full work included not just the painting, but numerous artifacts and sculptures, including stone walls, trees, and fences. The effect of the painting has been likened to the nineteenth century equivalent of an IMAX theater. Four major versions were made: the Chicago copy, the Boston copy, and two others. Of the latter copies, one was cut up and converted into tents for use on an Indian reservation, while the fate of the other is not known.
Chicago version.
In 1881, Paul Philippoteaux was commissioned by Charles Willoughby to paint a cyclorama depicting Pickett's Charge for $50,000. Willoughby, Phillippoteaux, and other investors formed the National Panorama Company to display the artwork once it was completed. A location for a building to house the cyclorama was also selected.
The work opened to the public in Chicago on October 22, 1883, to critical acclaim. General John Gibbon, one of the commanders of the Union forces who repelled Pickett's Charge, was among the veterans of the battle who gave it favorable reviews. So realistic was the painting that many veterans of the war were reported to have wept upon seeing it. The painting was displayed in Chicago for ten years; the exhibitors claimed that it was viewed by over two million people during that time. This version was probably not the copy displayed at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair, and a cyclorama displayed in Indianapolis, Indiana, in 1893 was claimed to be the Chicago copy by its presenters. The next year, a copy claimed to be the original Chicago version was on display for a fair in Sioux City, Iowa; it was badly damaged by weather during this display.
For a time, it was believed that a copy of the cyclorama discovered by North Carolinian Joe King in 1965 and later donated to Wake Forest University was the original Chicago copy. While work was being performed on the Boston version of the cyclorama in the 21st century, it was determined that this version was actually a later copy made under the direction of E. J. Austen. This version was sold in 2007, and in 2019 was sold to the North Carolina Civil War &amp; Reconstruction History Center for a fraction of its appraised value.
Boston version.
The Chicago exhibition was sufficiently successful to prompt businessman Charles L. Willoughby to commission a second version, which opened in Boston, Massachusetts, on December 22, 1884. From its opening until 1892, approximately 200,000 people viewed the painting. The Boston version was housed in a specially designed building, the Cyclorama Building, on Tremont Street, and was the site of popular public lectures on the battle. Two additional copies of the cyclorama were made: the third was first exhibited in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, beginning in February 1886 and a fourth debuted in Brooklyn, New York, in October 1886.
Many reviewers and visitors agreed with the "Boston Daily Advertiser" that "it is impossible to tell where reality ends and the painting begins." One veteran, pointing at the painting, said to his friend: "You see that puff of smoke? Just wait a moment till that clears away, and I'll show you just where I stood." In New York, police responding to a report of a nighttime burglary and disoriented by the illusion twice seized dummies representing dead soldiers, convinced that they were live burglars.
In 1891, the Boston cyclorama was sent to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania temporarily, while another cylcorama depicting the Crucifixion of Jesus was displayed in Boston. The immediate following history of the cyclorama is unclear, but it was likely displayed at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair. but by 1896 it had been returned to Boston, where it was stored in a crate behind the exhibition hall, where it was subjected to damage from weather, vandals removing boards from the crate, and two fires. It was eventually purchased in its deteriorated state by Albert J. Hahne of Newark, New Jersey, in 1910. Hahne displayed sections of the cyclorama in his department store in Newark beginning in 1911, and sections were also shown in government buildings in New York City, Baltimore, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. In the Baltimore exhibition, George E. Pickett's widow, "Sallie" Pickett, lectured on her husband's experiences and found herself very moved by the experience.
Cyclorama building.
On September 3, 1912, ground was broken for a new cyclorama building on Baltimore Street in Gettysburg, on Cemetery Hill (on the site of the present day Holiday Inn), near the entrance to the Soldiers' National Cemetery. It opened to the public in 1913, in time for the 50th anniversary of the battle, once again displayed as a full circular painting, rather than in sections. The unheated, leaky brick building took a further toll on the condition of the painting. The Boston cyclorama was purchased by the National Park Service in 1942, and moved to a site on Ziegler's Grove near the new Visitor Center in 1961, after a second round of restoration.
The exhibition was closed in 2005 for a third restoration. The $12-million restoration, by Olin Conservation, Inc., of Great Falls, Virginia, started with the 26 sections of the painting and recreated its original shape of 14 panels hung from a circular railing, slightly flared out at the bottom. In the process, some original pieces were found of the 12 circumferential feet that had been cut away. Fourteen vertical feet of sky was also restored.
A new visitor center at the Gettysburg battlefield was constructed, and the cyclorama painting was moved there after the renovation was completed in 2008. The prior cyclorama building, which had been designed by Richard Neutra, had been built on ground where fighting occurred during the battle. The National Park Service decided to demolish the old building to restore the area to closer to its wartime state, although the proposed demolition met some criticism from preservationists. The building was demolished in early 2013.
External links.
Photos:

</doc>
<doc id="7053384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053384" title="Harkin">
Harkin

Harkin is an Irish surname, from the Gaelic "Ó hEarcáin". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7053390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053390" title="Sisters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul (Halifax)">
Sisters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul (Halifax)

 
The Sisters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul were founded on May 11, 1849, when the four founding Sisters of Charity arrived in Halifax, Nova Scotia, from New York City; this has been designated a National Historic Event.
Heritage.
The Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul, a Roman Catholic religious institute for women, was founded in France in 1633 by French cleric Vincent de Paul and the widow Louise de Marillac to serve the poor.
In 1809, Elizabeth Ann Seton, assisted by the French émigré community of Sulpicians, founded in Emmitsburg, Maryland, the Sisters of Charity of St. Joseph's, named after Saint Joseph's Academy and Free School, which she had established. They adopted for their habit a black dress, cape, and
bonnet, patterned after the widows weeds of women in Italy whom Elizabeth had encountered there.
In 1810 Bishop Benedict Joseph Flaget was able to obtain from France a copy of the rules of the Daughters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul. The rule, with some modifications, was approved by Archbishop Carroll in January 1812, and adopted. In 1817, Sisters were sent to New York City (Seton's hometown) to establish an orphanage. After some year of negotiation, in 1850, the community at Emmitsburg formally affiliated with the Mother House of the Daughters of Charity in Paris and at that time adopted the blue habit and the white collar and cornette, becoming the first American province of the Daughters of Charity.
The congregation's superiors in France directed that sisters in charge of boys' orphan asylums were everywhere to be withdrawn. This brought them into conflict with Bishop John Hughes, whose sister Ellen (Sister Angela) was a member of the New York Community. Unwilling to abandon their charges, in 1846, the Sisters in New York separated from the motherhouse in Emmitsburg, and were incorporated as the Sisters of Charity of New York. Of the forty-five sisters then in the diocese, ten returned to Emmitsburg. The New York sisters retained their black habit. (During the cholera epidemic of 1849, Mother Angela Hughes opened St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan.)
History.
The story of the Canadian foundation begins when four American ladies, black-robed, black-capped, landed in Halifax from the Cunard liner "Cambria" on May 11, 1849. They came from New York City, these first Sisters of Charity, in response to a standing request by Bishop William Walsh of Halifax to his friend Archbishop John Hughes of New York for Sisters to work in his diocese in the care of orphans and in education. Halifax had a population of 20,000 when the four "American ladies" arrived. The Bishop gave them a house on Barrington Street, near the cathedral, where they took in a little orphan girl on the very first day. They immediately opened a school to teach Catholic children, many of them Irish immigrants, victims of the Great Famine. By the end of the school year (July) their classes held 400 children. By that time the Sisters were also caring for twenty little girls in their own house.
They would be the first religious community in this maritime city. Mother Basilia McCann, leader of the original four Sisters who arrived here in 1849, became the first Superior of the Halifax Congregation. Mother Basilia was a pupil of Elizabeth Seton, founder of the first Sisters of Charity in 1809. She served as Superior for three years, then returned to the New York community. The second Superior to serve in Halifax was Sister Mary Rose McAleer, also one of the original group to come to Halifax in 1849.
Shortly after their arrival the Sisters opened their first school, housed at St. Mary's Convent in the heart of the city. Halifax was still a growing city, and with no hospital yet established, the need for assistance spanned beyond education. The Sisters responded to this need. Within a short time they were also caring for the sick.
By 1856, the order in Halifax was accepted as a separate congregation by Pope Pius IX and took on their new official name, the "Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul, Halifax." Sister Mary Rose McAleer and two novices began teaching girls in St. Patrick's Parish in the North end of the city. At first they traveled daily to teach in the church basement. A house was soon rented for them, and thus began St. Patrick's Convent – and High School and Elementary School. St. Patrick's was the first of more than a hundred missions that would eventually be opened by the Sisters of Charity. When St Patrick’s moved to larger quarters in 1888, the former convent was converted into a refuge for unmarried mothers and their babies, named the Home of the Guardian Angel.
In 1866 victims of cholera were landed from an immigrant ship on McNab's Island in the harbour and when the Archbishop asked for helpers, all the Sisters volunteered. He chose three. That summer the increase in the number of orphans led to expansion of facilities. By September 1873, the Sisters moved into the newly built Motherhouse named Mount Saint Vincent, just outside Halifax.
Sisters from the order first came to Boston, Massachusetts, in August 1887, called to staff a new school for girls at St. Patrick’s Parish in Roxbury.
In 1873, the order founded Mount St. Vincent Academy in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Mount Saint Vincent received its college charter in 1925. It became Mount Saint Vincent University in 1966. A long tradition ended in 2006 when Sister Sheilagh Martin, a biology professor, retired as the last member of the congregation to teach there.
On April 30, 1880, Leo XIII issued a document removing from the Archbishop of Halifax "any jurisdiction" he had held over the Sisters of Charity, and placing the Congregation under the Pope's immediate control.
In 1900, the Sisters of Saint Martha developed as a separate, sister congregation.
They came to British Columbia in 1923, founding Seton Academy, Vancouver (1923), Our Lady of Perpetual Help Convent, Ladysmith (1923); St. Joseph's Convent, Vancouver (1924); Our Lady of Sorrows Convent, Vancouver (1926); Our Lady's Convent, Point Grey (1927); Kootenay Indian Residential School, Cranbrook (1936); Immaculate Conception Convent, Kelowna (1938); Sacred Heart Convent, Kimberley (1938).
From its opening in 1929 to its closing in 1967, the Sisters of Charity operated the Shubenacadie Indian Residential School, the grounds of which were designated by Parks Canada a national historic site based on its history of widespread sexual, physical and psychological abuse of indigenous children. In 2021 the Sisters of Charity posted an apology on their website, but refused to answer questions about the school or allow access to their archives.
Charism.
The charism of the Sisters of Charity of Halifax is rooted in the tradition of Saints Elizabeth Ann Seton, Vincent de Paul, and Louise de Marillac.
Ministry.
The areas of education, health care, pastoral ministry, and social services are still paramount, though the ways in which the sisters work within a given field has changed. While the congregation once operated hospitals, schools, senior citizen homes, and the only women's university in Canada, sisters now serve in a variety of areas in Canada and throughout the eastern United States, in Bermuda, Peru, and the Dominican Republic.
In 1975, at the beatification of Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton, there were approximately 1700 sisters in the organization and 97 missions. Today, there are approximately 260 sisters.
The headquarters of the religious institute is located in Halifax's Rockingham neighbourhood at the Sisters of Charity Centre. The original Motherhouse building, which also incorporated Mount Saint Vincent Academy and College (the precursors to the current University) was built around the time of the Academy's founding in 1873 and destroyed by fire in 1951. Rebuilt separately in the late 1950s, it housed retired sisters of the order as well as visiting religious and laypeople. It also housed for Mount Saint Vincent University a student residence called Vincent Hall until the residence was closed by the University in 1992. The building, once the largest in all of Atlantic Canada, was demolished in 2008. In 2011 the property was sold to developer Southwest Properties, Ltd. The first phase of the development includes residential and retail components. The development is to be known as Seton Ridge.
The order is part of the Sisters of Charity Federation. Two growing interests for the order are ecological projects and helping victims of human trafficking, issues they are working on with the Leadership Conference of Women Religious.

</doc>
<doc id="7053405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053405" title="Colline gate">
Colline gate



</doc>
<doc id="7053409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053409" title="Scooby dum">
Scooby dum



</doc>
<doc id="7053410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053410" title="Boro Creek">
Boro Creek



</doc>
<doc id="7053414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053414" title="Train Crashes">
Train Crashes



</doc>
<doc id="7053425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053425" title="Scooby Dum">
Scooby Dum



</doc>
<doc id="7053437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053437" title="Scooby-dum">
Scooby-dum



</doc>
<doc id="7053463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053463" title="Skate birds">
Skate birds



</doc>
<doc id="7053480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053480" title="Al-Risala">
Al-Risala



</doc>
<doc id="7053483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053483" title="Skate Birds">
Skate Birds



</doc>
<doc id="7053486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053486" title="Hole accumulation diode">
Hole accumulation diode

A Hole accumulation diode (HAD) is an electronic noise reduction device in a charge-coupled device (CCD) or CMOS imaging sensor, patented by the Sony Corporation. HAD devices function by reducing dark current that occur in the absence of light falling on the imager for noise reduction and enhanced image quality. 
HAD CCDs are used in consumer and professional single and three-chip video cameras.
Operation.
The "hole" refers to places in a semiconductor where an electron has been dislodged, thus creating a positive charge. These "holes" or positive charges can be created by heat or imperfections in the creation of the imaging chip. The "holes" are accumulated, or trapped, in a separate semiconductor layer that acts as a diode that prevents them from returning or creating noise. HAD technology suppresses the fixed pattern noise that results from "dark" current that occurs regardless of the amount of absorbed light. By fabricating a hole-accumulation layer below the surface of the CCD, "dark" current can be suppressed at the source.

</doc>
<doc id="7053488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053488" title="The Story of Three Loves">
The Story of Three Loves

The Story of Three Loves (also known as Equilibrium) is a 1953 American Technicolor romantic anthology film made by MGM. It consists of three stories, "The Jealous Lover", "Mademoiselle", and "Equilibrium". The film was produced by Sidney Franklin. "Mademoiselle" was directed by Vincente Minnelli, while Gottfried Reinhardt directed the other two segments. The screenplays were written by John Collier ("The Jealous Lover", "Equilibrium"), ("Equilibrium", "Mademoiselle"), and George Froeschel ("Equilibrium", "Mademoiselle").
"The Jealous Lover" stars Moira Shearer and James Mason; "Mademoiselle" features Leslie Caron, Farley Granger, Ethel Barrymore, and Ricky Nelson; Pier Angeli and Kirk Douglas headline "Equilibrium".
The music score is by Miklós Rózsa. The soundtrack features extended excerpts from Sergei Rachmaninoff's "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini", performed by the pianist Jakob Gimpel for "The Jealous Lover".
Choreography for "The Jealous Lover" was by Frederick Ashton.
Plot.
The Jealous Lover.
On an ocean liner, a passenger recognizes famed ballet creator Charles Coudray, and asks him politely why one of his works was never performed after its debut. When Coudray remains silent, the fan leaves him alone with his thoughts, leading to a flashback.
Ballerina Paula Woodward auditions for Coudray. Coudray is impressed, but then Paula collapses and has to be carried off stage. A doctor informs her aunt Lydia, who in her day had been a highly acclaimed ballerina, that Paula has a heart condition that will force her to give up dancing, if she dances again, she could die. Lydia is deeply saddened, and tells the doctor that Paula would have been an even greater ballerina than she. Paula overhears Lydia wondering aloud how she could tell Paula the terrible news.
Some time later, Paula attends a performance of Coudray's latest ballet. After it seems that everyone else has left, she goes on stage and dances. However, she is not alone, Coudray has been watching. He had been dissatisfied with certain aspects of his work; from what he has seen of Paula's impromptu performance, he believes she can help him fix the defects.
At first, Paula declines his invitation to dance for him at his home studio, but eventually she dons a costume from his ballet and she dances. Paula lives up to Coudray's high expectations, but she exhausts herself in the process. Coudray tenderly kisses her and tells her that they will be together forever. She excuses herself to change, and slips away to return home to Aunt Lydia brimming with the news of what had transpired. But on her way upstairs, she dies, her last words recounting her promise to Coudray that she would be with him always.
Mademoiselle.
The story then shifts to a second passenger, referred to only as Mademoiselle. A chance remark by a passerby about a governess triggers her flashback.
She is the governess and French tutor to Thomas Clayton Campbell Jr., a bored eleven-year-old American boy left in her charge at a hotel in Rome by his absent parents. One day, another boy dares him to visit Mrs. Hazel Pennicott, who lives next door and is reputed to be a witch. When he wishes he were a man, she tells him to wrap a ribbon she has around his finger and recite her name at 8 pm, but she warns him that the spell will only last until midnight. She cuts the ribbon in half (in case she wants to have it for someone else's spell) and gives it to him. After arguing with Mademoiselle to stop her from over-mothering him and staying in on her last night in Rome, he gets in bed and evokes the spell. The incantation works, and he is transformed into a young man.
In his new form, he goes to find Mademoiselle, and is surprised to find that he no longer despises Mademoiselle, nor the romantic poetry that she kept reciting to him. They embark on a whirlwind romance, but he warns her that he has only a few hours before he has to go away. He does however promise that he will see her off at the train station the next day. He flees as the clock strikes midnight.
He keeps his word, but as the young boy. Mademoiselle quits her job to remain in Rome. While waiting for her lover to show up, she bumps into Mrs. Pennicott and spills the contents of the old woman's purse. Mademoiselle gathers up the various items, but after Mrs. Pennicott thanks her and leaves, she picks up an overlooked red ribbon.
The film shifts back to the ship. While Mademoiselle is knitting in a deck chair, the red ribbon blows away. When she goes to retrieve it, she encounters a handsome young man who informs her that he saw her before, from the train as it departed the station.
Equilibrium.
The camera moves to Pierre Narval, leaning over the rail and gazing at the ocean.
In Paris, Narval saves a suicidal Nina Burkhardt after she jumps from a bridge over the Seine River. He goes to visit her in the hospital, and finds her still very depressed. He gives her his address and asks her to come see him.
When she does (having nowhere else to go), he tells her that he was once a great trapeze artist. However being the best was not enough for him; he kept trying more and more dangerous tricks, and two years before, his partner was killed as a result. After that, nobody would work with him. As Nina has demonstrated that she has no fear of dying, he asks her to be his new partner. When she agrees, he starts training her, despite his friends' warning that his obsession will kill her too.
Narval learns Nina's own dark secret. She and her husband had been imprisoned by the Nazis in a concentration camp during World War II. She was released. Sensing that he was planning an escape, she had written him a letter begging him to wait, that the Allies would liberate him soon enough. However, she entrusted the letter to a man who betrayed them. Her husband was executed.
At last, the act is ready. They audition for an important American, who insists they perform the climax, the "Leap of Death" (a blind jump by Nina through a screen to Narval on the trapeze), without a safety net, just as they would before a live audience. They do the trick, but then Narval makes a decision. They walk away, leaving the circus behind them. Back aboard the ship, Narval is joined by a loving Nina.
Reception.
According to MGM records, the film made $1,096,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $2,071,000 in other markets, resulting in a loss of $805,000.
Awards.
The film was nominated an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Cedric Gibbons, E. Preston Ames, Edward Carfagno, Gabriel Scognamillo, Edwin B. Willis, F. Keogh Gleason, Arthur Krams, Jack D. Moore).

</doc>
<doc id="7053497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053497" title="The Skate Birds">
The Skate Birds



</doc>
<doc id="7053510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053510" title="Sevrier">
Sevrier

Sevrier (; before 2017: "Sévrier"; ) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
It is located on the north-western banks of Lake Annecy. It is essentially a residential suburb of Annecy.
World Heritage Site.
It is home to one or more prehistoric pile-dwelling (or stilt house) settlements that are part of the Prehistoric Pile dwellings around the Alps UNESCO World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="7053511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053511" title="The skate birds">
The skate birds



</doc>
<doc id="7053514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053514" title="Marton Esterhazy">
Marton Esterhazy



</doc>
<doc id="7053518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053518" title="Alejandro Gómez Monteverde">
Alejandro Gómez Monteverde

José Alejandro Gómez Monteverde (born 13 July 1977) is a Mexican filmmaker. His first film, "Bella", took top prize at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival by winning the "People's Choice Award". He also directed the films "Sound of Freedom" and "Cabrini".
In 2007, Monteverde received the US Citizenship and Immigration Services' "Outstanding American by Choice" Award, which recognizes the achievements of naturalized U.S. citizens.
Career.
Monteverde wrote and directed "Bella", a film that took top prize at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival by winning the "People's Choice Award". "Bella" was produced by Sean Wolfington, Eduardo Verástegui, Leo Severino, and Denise Pinckley. Monteverde and the filmmakers received honors for "Bella" from the Smithsonian and the White House. The Smithsonian Latino Center also honored Monteverde with their "Legacy Award". After US President George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush saw the film, Monteverde was invited to sit with the First Lady in her private box during the annual State of the Union speech in 2007.
Monteverde directed and co-wrote "Little Boy", a film set during World War II, released in 2015.
Monteverde directed and co-wrote "Sound of Freedom", starring Jim Caviezel, Mira Sorvino and Bill Camp. It was shot in 2018 and was set to be released by 2020, but because of the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney and the film's subsequent shelving, it was not released until Angel Studios acquired it. He also directed the 2024 film "Cabrini", which is based on the life of Frances Xavier Cabrini. Like "Sound of Freedom", the film is also distributed by Angel Studios.
In 2022, Monteverde was given a Humanitarian Award by the Coronado Island Film Festival.
Personal life.
Monteverde married American actress Ali Landry on 8 April 2006 in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. They have three children: a daughter born in July 2007, and sons born in October 2011, and July 2013. Their son Valentin Francesco's middle name was inspired by Pope Francis, as Monteverde and Landry met him while she was pregnant and he blessed the baby.
His father, Juan Manuel Gómez Fernández, and brother, Juan Manuel Gómez Monteverde, were found dead with fatal head wounds in Pueblo Viejo, in the Mexican state of Veracruz, on September 19, 2015, approximately two weeks after they were kidnapped from their home in nearby Tamaulipas. On November 9, 2015, six people were arrested for the kidnapping and murder of Gómez Fernández and Gómez Monteverde. The suspects were allegedly holding six Central American migrants hostage at the time of their arrest, according to the Chief of the Mexican Federal Police.

</doc>
<doc id="7053519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053519" title="The City that Never Sleeps">
The City that Never Sleeps



</doc>
<doc id="7053527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053527" title="Mary gregory">
Mary gregory



</doc>
<doc id="7053548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053548" title="Fight!! Ramenman">
Fight!! Ramenman



</doc>
<doc id="7053553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053553" title="Fairyport">
Fairyport

Fairyport is a double LP by Wigwam, which was released in 1971.
Personnel.
Guest musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="7053562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053562" title="Mystery island">
Mystery island



</doc>
<doc id="7053563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053563" title="Kid Sheik">
Kid Sheik

George Colar (September 15, 1908 – November 7, 1996), actually Cola but he used Colar, better known as Kid Sheik or Kid Sheik Cola, was a New Orleans jazz trumpeter and band leader. He is most associated with Dixieland jazz and was a long-term performer with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band. His nickname "Kid Sheik" came from his chic style of clothing as he wore sheik suites as a young man.
Cola started playing the trumpet at age 16 where he took informal lessons from Wooden Joe Nicholas. As a young musician, Cola idolized Chris Kelley and he would follow him around. His technique of playing was retrieved from Joe who was like his mentor, but his style of playing was from Chris who was his idol. At age 18(1925), Cola briefly had a band of his own where they would play in and around the New Orleans area (formerly Storyville) for 18 years(1943).
For jazz, the 1930's was a difficult time. "The thirties were empty" where little to no one would play or listen to music since money was rough. Aside from the Eureka brass band, many brass bands were disappearing as musicians would lose track of other musicians contact with money and jobs being hard to find. But for Cola, when he wasn't playing trumpet, he was spending his spare time sewing sacks that would soon contain sugar.
In 1943, Sheik enlisted in the air force where he attended the air force school of music and led a small group until 1945. After his time in the air force, he worked with George Lewis in the late 1940s before joining the Eureka Brass Band, replacing Eddie Richardson on second, along with joining the Olympia Brass Band, both of which he joined in 1952 and was a member until the 90's while still having his side gigs. Backtracking to the 1940's, they became a time of recording and "revival". Jazz was reaching enthusiastic audiences in the US and Europe however, more commercialized music was being requested rather than the traditional music since they played in music halls that were restricted to white audiences. For Sheik however, the time of recording for him came in the 60's. Sheik recorded his first recording in 1961, some of his recording's being with the bands he was in and some on his own.
Not only was Sheik recording in the 60's, but he was also touring. Sheik had toured England with Barry Martyn's band in 1963, Europe (1966) and New York (1968) with Captain John Handy, and Japan with Louis Nelson in 1970. As the 70's and 80's approached, Cola continued touring on his own and with other bands along with playing at Preservation Hall in New Orleans. In his later years (1985), he married pianist and singer Sadie Goodson who he also played with in duos and ensembles in New Orleans.
Kid Sheik was the subject of the official New Orleans Jazz &amp; Heritage Festival poster in 1990. He is also featured in a 35mm twelve-minute black and white film directed by Frank Decola titled "The Cradle Is Rocking". A 35mm print and a negative of that print is in the Folkstreams Collection in the Southern Folklife Collection of the Wilson Library at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill. The film is available for streaming on Folkstreams.net.
Some examples of Kid Sheiks style of playing as a lead and soloist are shown in the album "Kid Martyn in New Orleans with Kid Sheik's Band" (1963).

</doc>
<doc id="7053564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053564" title="Totani Kouji">
Totani Kouji



</doc>
<doc id="7053575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053575" title="Junta (Habsburg)">
Junta (Habsburg)

Under Habsburg rule, a junta (or jointe) was an administrative body ruled in personal union with the Spanish Habsburgs. Juntas existed in Spain, Italy, and other European countries; in the Low Countries, the French name "jointe" was also officially used. Some territories maintained their "juntas" even after being brought under the imperial Austrian branch of the dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="7053577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053577" title="Totani Kōji">
Totani Kōji



</doc>
<doc id="7053593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053593" title="Geocorona">
Geocorona

The geocorona is the luminous part of the outermost region of the Earth's atmosphere, the exosphere. It is seen primarily via far-ultraviolet light (Lyman-alpha) from the Sun that is scattered from neutral hydrogen. It extends to at minimum 15.5 Earth radii and probably up to about 100 Earth radii (for context, the Moon is approx. 60 Earth radii away). The geocorona has been studied from outer space by the Astrid satellites and the "Galileo" spacecraft (among others), using its ultraviolet spectrometer (UVS) during an Earth flyby.

</doc>
<doc id="7053604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053604" title="David John Watkins">
David John Watkins



</doc>
<doc id="7053608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053608" title="Nagatomo Tatsuya">
Nagatomo Tatsuya



</doc>
<doc id="7053615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053615" title="Nina Simone at Town Hall">
Nina Simone at Town Hall

Nina Simone at Town Hall (aka "At Town Hall") is the first live album by Nina Simone, released in December 1959. It was her third album of that year, her second album for Colpix Records, and her first live album. The basis for the record was Simone's performance at the Town Hall, New York, on 12 September 1959. All of the songs performed at the concert are on the album; however, three of the tracks are studio versions cut the following month.
Background.
1959 was the year Simone became a star - and much of this has to do with the performance which forms the basis of "At Town Hall". In February, earlier that year, Simone's first album "Little Girl Blue" had been released by Bethlehem Records, after it had been lazing in production for fourteen or so months. Somewhat put out by Bethlehem's shenanigans, she'd signed a new deal with Colpix Records in April, and during the same month recorded her second album - "The Amazing Nina Simone" - which had been released in July. Also, singles had been released for both these albums. The Bethlehem track was even doing well in various charts and looking like it was going to give her a hit with 'I Loves You, Porgy'. (It did). 'An even bigger milestone' for Simone, writes Alan Light, came in September 'when she made her concert debut at New York's Town Hall,' and Colpix arranged for this performance to be recorded. Nadine Cohodas, in "Princess Noire: The Tumultuous Reign of Nina Simone" (2010), writes: 'The August 29 issue of the "New York Amsterdam News" ran a long piece about the concert series "Jazz at Town Hall,"!devoting much of the story to Nina [...] the article extolled Nina as "a rare commodity" [...] The story was a prelude to her biggest outing yet. The promoters for Town Hall, the venerable auditorium just off Times Square, had booked her as the headliner' on a bill with the Horace Silver and J. J. Johnson quintets.
Simone had only played clubs before this. As Cohodas continues: 'Just how different Town Hall would be struck Nina right before she went onstage, when she saw the audience sitting in orderly rows—no drinks being served, no cigarette girls selling their packs. In the middle of the stage sat a beautiful grand piano, lid off, two microphones carefully placed to capture the instrument and her voice.' Kerry Acker tells of a review of the show for "The New York Times", where 'critic John S. Wilson wrote that Simone "easily held her own" in the company of Silver and Johnson. She was a commanding performer, and she captivated both audience and critics. Wilson called Simone “a gifted interpreter, a singer who makes each song her own.” “By the time she has finished turning a song this way and that way,” he wrote, “poking experimentally into unexpected crannies she finds in it, or suddenly leaping on it and whaling the daylights out of it, the song has lost most of its original colorization and has become, one might say, ‘Simonized.’”'
It is unclear why three of the performances of that evening were swapped out for studio tracks. However, there are two possible reasons where either or both could have been a factor. Cohodas writes that Simone's accompanyment that night were 'most likely [Ben] Riley on drums and Wilbur Ware on bass'. However, Light goes in to a bit more detail here, stating that Simone 'had not rehearsed with, or even met, the musicians who would accompany her on the stage until the curtain rose'. Luckily both Ware and Riley were experienced musicians who had often played with Thelonious Monk. '"If I had the choice in the matter, I wouldn't have done it that way," she said' quotes Light. Cohodas further observed with many of the songs Simone would begin with long intros so her sidemen could find the groove. Accordingly, the original version of the songs swapped out for studio version - 'The Other Woman', 'Cotton-Eyed Joe', and 'Wild Is the Wind' - could have been felt to be too long or not good enough (or at least worth improving upon) for release.
Personnel.
Live:
Studio:
Unknown
Contemporary Singles from the album.
This is a list of contemporary singles with tracks from "Nina Simone at Town Hall" as an A Side.
Between 1959 and 1963, Colpix issued 14 Nina Simone singles. The first two were from her first Clipix album and second album overall, "The Amazing Nina Simone" (1959); the second two are listed above, with A Sides from "Nina Simone at Town Hall". A number of subsequent singles which had A Sides taken from later albums or were non-album tracks would feature some cuts from "Nina Simone at Town Hall" as B Sides. These are her sixth, seventh, eighth, and tenth Colpix singles.

</doc>
<doc id="7053618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053618" title="The Cosmic Comet">
The Cosmic Comet



</doc>
<doc id="7053659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053659" title="Sooner or Later in Spain">
Sooner or Later in Spain



</doc>
<doc id="7053660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053660" title="Junta (Peninsular War)">
Junta (Peninsular War)

In the Napoleonic era, junta () was the name chosen by several local administrations formed in Spain during the Peninsular War as a patriotic alternative to the official administration toppled by the French invaders. The juntas were usually formed by adding prominent members of society, such as prelates, to the already-existing "ayuntamientos" (municipal councils). The juntas of the capitals of the traditional peninsular kingdoms of Spain styled themselves "Supreme Juntas", to differentiate themselves from, and claim authority over, provincial juntas. Juntas were also formed in Spanish America during this period in reaction to the developments in Spain.
The juntas were not necessarily revolutionary, least of all anti-monarchy or democratically elected. By way of example, the junta in Murcia comprised the bishop, an archdeacon, two priors, seven members of the old city council, two magistrates, five prominent local aristocrats, including the Conde de Floridablanca (Charles III's prime minister) and five high-ranking officers (either retired or still serving). Likewise, the junta of Ciudad Rodrigo, a strategic town near the border with Portugal, comprised "nine serving officers, including the pre-war governor and the commanders of all the units that had made up the garrison; five retired officers, of whom two were brigadiers" and, among others, the bishop, and seventeen members of the clergy.
Supreme Central Junta, 1808–1810.
Realizing that unity was needed to coordinate efforts against the French and to deal with British aid, several supreme juntas—Murcia, Valencia, Seville and Castile and León—called for the formation of a central one. After a series of negotiations between the juntas and the discredited Council of Castile, which initially had supported Joseph I, a "Supreme Central and Governmental Junta of Spain and the Indies" met in Aranjuez on 25 September 1808, with the Conde de Floridablanca as its president. Serving as a surrogate for the absent king and royal government, it succeeded in calling for representatives from local provinces and the overseas possessions to meet in an "Extraordinary and General Cortes of the Spanish Nation", so called because it would be both the single legislative body for the whole empire and the body which would write a constitution for it. By the beginning of 1810, the forces under the Supreme Central Junta's command had suffered serious military reverses—the Battle of Ocaña, the Battle of Alba de Tormes—in which the French not only inflicted large losses on the Spanish, but also took control of southern Spain and forced the government to retreat to Cádiz, the last redoubt available to it on Spanish soil (see the Siege of Cádiz). In light of this, the Central Junta dissolved itself on 29 January 1810 and set up a five-person Regency Council of Spain and the Indies, charged with convening a parliamentary Cortes. The system of juntas was replaced by a regency and the Cortes of Cádiz, which established a permanent government under the Constitution of 1812.
Spanish America.
The term was also used in Spanish America to describe the first autonomist governments established in 1809, 1810, and 1811 in reaction to the developments in Spain. By the time the delegates were to be chosen for the Cádiz Cortes, some of the American provinces had successfully established their juntas, which did not recognize the authority of either the supreme central one or the regency. Therefore, they did not send representatives to Cádiz, but rather the juntas continued to govern on their own or called for congresses to set up permanent governments. This development resulted in the Spanish American wars of independence.

</doc>
<doc id="7053672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053672" title="Lori Martin">
Lori Martin

Dawn Catherine Menzer (April 18, 1947 – April 4, 2010), known professionally as Lori Martin, was an American actress. A child actress for most of her career, she first achieved recognition as the title character of the NBC drama series "National Velvet" (1960–1962). Her most prominent film role was in the 1962 thriller "Cape Fear", where she portrayed Gregory Peck's daughter.
Early career.
Lori Martin was born Dawn Catherine Menzer in Glendale, California, at 10:02 a.m.; her fraternal twin sister, Doree, arrived four minutes later. She weighed only 5 pounds and measured just 18 inches at birth. She spent the first few weeks of her life in an incubator, during which time her survival was somewhat doubtful. Her father, Russell C. Menzer, was an MGM and Warner Brothers commercial artist and art director. She had a younger brother, Stephen Menzer, and an older sister, Jean Coulter, a veteran Hollywood stuntwoman who doubled for the lead actresses on "Ironside" and "Charlie's Angels".
When Lori was six years old, her mother took her to an agent who specialized in child actors. She thought that acting might be a healthy outlet for Lori. When later asked what inspired her to be an actress, Martin said, "The best time in my life was when I was about four. Doree and I had to go live with my aunt in Ponca City, Oklahoma. My mother got sick and Daddy had to go to work every day, so we couldn't stay here. I didn't want to come back. I cried and cried. That was when I decided, if I had to come back, I'd be an actress. I started getting parts immediately, and my little brother was signed by the same agent, but he lacked my interest in acting. I just loved it."
Martin auditioned so well that her parents soon allowed her to attend them by herself. Her mother recalled, "I'll never forget the first interview she went on. It was for a Chrysler commercial, and my car broke down about six blocks from the studio. I had to stay with the car, but Lori was all for going on in herself. She got out of the car, walked six blocks, found the right office, told the receptionist who she was, went in for her interview and got the job. Since then I've usually waited outside in the car and she's handled everything herself." 
As well as appearing in several commercials, including one for which her father designed the set and a Milky Way candy commercial, she won parts in the films "Machine-Gun Kelly" (1958), "The FBI Story" (1959), and "Cash McCall" (1959). She appeared in several television series, including "Medic", "Wagon Train", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Leave It to Beaver", and "Whirlybirds".
"National Velvet".
At the age of 12, Martin was the 975th young hopeful to be auditioned for the role of Velvet Brown in the NBC television version of "National Velvet", a role which brought her to wide attention. After being included in the final three, she was interviewed ten more times before winning the part. When she won the role, her name was changed from Dawn Menzer to "Lori Martin". On the change of name, Martin later said, "I didn't like the name Lori at first. But I like it now. The reason I like it now is I've been brainwashed!" The show ran for fifty-eight episodes between 1960 and 1962.
"Cape Fear".
In 1962, at age 14, Martin gained further attention in the role of Nancy Bowden in the film "Cape Fear", in which the character played by Robert Mitchum intends to do harm to her family. Martin later said that she delivered her best performance as Nancy but had nightmares for weeks after the filming of the scene in which her character is stalked by Mitchum's character. The director of the film, J. Lee Thompson, originally wanted Hayley Mills for Martin's part. Because he could not get Mills, however, he later admitted to having deliberately given Martin a hard time during filming.
Singing career.
Martin released her only single on Del-Fi Records. Recorded at Radio Recorders in Hollywood in September 1963, the girl group-styled "The Home of the Boy I Love", backed with "Mine 'Til Monday" (Del Fi 4201), was mistakenly released with songwriting credits given to the successful team of Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil when in fact it was produced by Barry Mann and written by lesser known hit-man Sylvester Bradford, who wrote the 1958 hit "Tears On My Pillow".
Later career.
After "Cape Fear", Martin made guest appearances in such television series as "The Donna Reed Show", "Slattery's People", "Sam Benedict", "Breaking Point", "Please Don't Eat the Daisies", "Leave It To Beaver", "My Three Sons", and "Family Affair".
Later years.
During the early 1970s, Martin decided to put her acting career on hold. She later recalled her reasoning behind her decision. "I'd been in the business long enough to know I'd been stereotyped. My mother was in poor health and I felt I had worked from such an early age I could take some time off and get a college education." A few years later, she tried to reactivate her career, but unfortunately she became "discouraged by the many changes in casting and techniques".
Martin married Charles Breitenbucher, had a son, Brett, and moved to Westlake Village, California, under her married name, Dawn Breitenbucher. She later moved to Oakhurst, California. She occasionally attended autograph signings and ran a medical supplies company with her husband until his death in 1999.
In an article which was written at the height of her fame, she was quoted as saying that what she wanted to be when she grew up was "normal". Martin later recalled after her acting career had finished that it "was probably an accurate quote because that's what I wanted and as it turns out, that's what I am."
Death.
Lori Martin, known legally as Dawn Breitenbucher, died on April 4, 2010, in Oakhurst, California, two weeks before her 63rd birthday, as a result of suicide via gunshot wound. She struggled with mental illness (bipolar schizophrenia) and illicit drug use in the decade after her husband died. She was survived by her son, Brett Breitenbucher, and her siblings, Doree Thompson Kelly, Jean Marek and Stephen Menzer, as well as extended family.

</doc>
<doc id="7053676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053676" title="Rossman fold">
Rossman fold



</doc>
<doc id="7053678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053678" title="Friend of dorothy">
Friend of dorothy



</doc>
<doc id="7053681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053681" title="Episodes of The Simpsons">
Episodes of The Simpsons



</doc>
<doc id="7053682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053682" title="First Person">
First Person



</doc>
<doc id="7053684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053684" title="Cynthia Hedge-Morrell">
Cynthia Hedge-Morrell

Cynthia Hedge-Morrell (born September 4, 1947) is a teacher, former school administrator, and Democratic politician from New Orleans, Louisiana. She served on the New Orleans City Council from 2005 to 2014.
Education.
Hedge-Morrell earned a bachelor’s degree in Elementary Education from the University of New Orleans and a master's degree from Loyola University New Orleans.
Political life.
Hedge-Morrell won a special election to the New Orleans City Council on April 2, 2005, defeating Republican Eustis J. Guillemet, Jr. with 84.5% of the vote.
Hedge-Morrell was re-elected in 2006 but with a reduced majority. A number of her colleagues faced voter dissatisfaction stemming from the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Mayor Ray Nagin won re-election only after facing a much tougher challenge than expected before the hurricane and half of the members who wished to stay were not returned to the city council.
In 2007, Hedge-Morrell was pulled over for speeding on Interstate 10. She later apologized for her remarks during the incident.
She appeared in the documentary political film directed by Leslie Carde "America Betrayed" (2008).
In 2014, term limits prevented Hedge-Morrell from seeking re-election in District D. She ran for the Division 2 at-large seat but lost to fellow Democrat Jason Williams by a two-to-one margin.
Personal life.
Since 1966, Hedge-Morrell has been married to Arthur A. Morrell, who served as a state representative for District 97 from 1984 to 2006, when he was elected as the Orleans Parish Clerk of Criminal Court. District 97 roughly covers the same area as District D. Hedge-Morrell and her husband were among the participants in movie director Spike Lee's documentary "".
Morrell is Catholic.
Election history.
Councilmember, District D, 2005
Threshold &gt; 50%
First Ballot, April 2, 2005
Councilmember, District D, 2006
Threshold &gt; 50%
First Ballot, April 22, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="7053686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053686" title="A Christmas Kind of Town">
A Christmas Kind of Town

A Christmas Kind of Town is a Christmas album released by the band Marah in 2005.
Reception.
Tim Sendra of Allmusic called "A Christmas Kind of Town" an "utterly heartwarming and joyous album". Jim Musser of the "Iowa City Press-Citizen" called the album "upbeat, inclusive and downright irresistible". Jay Lustig of "The Star-Ledger" wrote that the song "New York Is a Christmas Kind of Town" is "a thoroughly modern Christmas song, but one with a classic feel".
Personnel.
The album was dedicate to "anyone and everyone, regardless of religion or race, who just likes it when December rolls in."

</doc>
<doc id="7053705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053705" title="1970's Oakland Athletics">
1970's Oakland Athletics



</doc>
<doc id="7053708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053708" title="Peter Urie">
Peter Urie



</doc>
<doc id="7053728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053728" title="Pecten">
Pecten

Pecten or pectin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7053731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053731" title="Boyce &amp; Hart">
Boyce &amp; Hart



</doc>
<doc id="7053738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053738" title="André Leroi-Gourhan">
André Leroi-Gourhan

André Leroi-Gourhan (; ; 25 August 1911 – 19 February 1986) was a French archaeologist, paleontologist, paleoanthropologist, and anthropologist with an interest in technology and aesthetics and a penchant for philosophical reflection.
Biography.
Leroi-Gourhan completed his doctorate on the archaeology of the North Pacific under the supervision of Marcel Mauss. Beginning in 1933 he held various positions at museums around the world, including the British Museum and the Musée de l'Homme, as well as in Japan. Between 1940 and 1944 he worked at the Musée Guimet. In 1944 he was sent to the Château de Valençay to take care of works evacuated from the Louvre, including the Venus de Milo and the Winged Victory of Samothrace. He also participated in the French Resistance, for which he received the Croix de Guerre, the Médaille de la Résistance and the Légion d'honneur. In 1956 he succeeded Marcel Griaule at the Sorbonne, and from 1969 until 1982 he was a professor at the Collège de France. In 1973 he received the of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique.
Technicity, ethnicity, milieu.
In "L'Homme et la matière" ["Man and Matter"] (1943), Leroi-Gourhan proposes the concept of "technical tendencies", that is, universal technical dynamics that operate independently of the "ethnic" groupings which are nevertheless the only forms through which these tendencies are concretised. The concretisation of the technical tendency in a particular ethnicity he calls a "technical fact".
In "Milieu et techniques" ["Environment and Techniques"] (1945), Leroi-Gourhan develops this into a general theory of the relation between the technical (as universal tendency) and the ethnic (as specific, differentiated concretisation). The human group, according to Leroi-Gourhan, behaves as though it were a living organism, assimilating its exterior milieu via "a curtain of objects", which he also calls an "interposed membrane" and an "artificial envelope", that is, technology. The milieu of the organism is divisible into the exterior milieu (geography, climate, animals and vegetation) and the interior milieu (the shared past of the group, thus "culture", etc.). This division enables a clarification of the concept of technical tendency. A tendency, according to Leroi-Gourhan, is a movement, within the interior milieu, that gains progressive foothold in the exterior milieu.
Leroi-Gourhan contributed to the methods of studying prehistoric technology, introducing the concept "chaîne opératoire" (operational chain) which denotes all the social acts involved in the life cycle of an artifact.
Evolution, memory, program.
Crucial to Leroi-Gourhan's understanding of human evolution is the notion that the transition to bipedality freed the hands for grasping, and the face for gesturing and speaking, and thus that the development of the cortex, of technology, and of language all follow from the adoption of an upright stance. What characterises humanity in its distinction from animals is thus the fact that tools and technology are a third kind of memory (in addition to the genetic memory contained in DNA and the individual memory of the nervous system), and thus a new form of anticipation, or programming. Anthropogenesis corresponds to technogenesis.
Legacy.
The French philosopher Jacques Derrida discusses Leroi-Gourhan in "Of Grammatology" (Baltimore &amp; London: The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1997, corrected edition), in particular the concepts of "exteriorisation", "program", and "liberation of memory." This discussion was particularly important in the formulation of Derrida's neologism "différance".
Leroi-Gourhan is frequently cited in the two volume collaboration by French philosopher Gilles Deleuze and psychiatrist Félix Guattari entitled "Capitalism and Schizophrenia". The hand/tool and face/vocalization couplings of Leroi-Gourhan play an important role in the development of Deleuze and Guattari's concepts of becoming and deterritorialisation.
The French philosopher Bernard Stiegler gives an extensive reading of Leroi-Gourhan in "" (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="7053742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053742" title="Yanasangworn">
Yanasangworn



</doc>
<doc id="7053743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053743" title="Stain (song)">
Stain (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7053745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053745" title="Oklahoma State Highway 30">
Oklahoma State Highway 30

State Highway 30 (abbreviated SH-30) is a state highway in Oklahoma. It runs south-to-north along the western edge of the state, from U.S. Highway 62 (US-62) in Hollis to the town of Durham, two miles (3 km) north of SH-33. It passes through Harmon, Beckham and Roger Mills counties. SH-30 does not have any letter-suffixed spur routes branching from it.
The SH-30 designation dates back to March 31, 1936, when it spanned from Erick to Sweetwater. The highway gradually evolved over the years, reaching its current form in 1970.
Route description.
SH-30 begins at US-62 in Hollis, the seat of Harmon County. It travels north through very sparsely populated terrain to the unincorporated settlement of McKnight, about north of Hollis. North of McKnight, the highway crosses the Salt Fork of the Red River. SH-30 has a junction with SH-9, north of McKnight. For the next through rural Western Oklahoma, SH-30 roughly parallels the Texas state line, lying generally about west of it. The highway bridges over the Elm Fork of the Red River about before crossing into Beckham County.
 west of Erick, SH-30 intersects Interstate 40 Business. SH-30 begins a concurrency with the business loop, traveling east into the town. In Erick, SH-30 turns back to the north, interchanging with Interstate 40, then crossing the North Fork of the Red River and running through the unincorporated settlement of Mayfield. About north of Erick, it comes to an intersection with SH-152 in Sweetwater. At this point, it crosses into Roger Mills County.
From Sweetwater, SH-30 travels north for to SH-47, which it joins for , to the town of Reydon. Leaving Reydon, SH-30 continues alone across the Black Kettle National Grassland, continuing north for to its junction with SH-33. After crossing SH-33, SH-30 continues on for to its terminus at a local road at Durham.
History.
State Highway 30 was added to the highway system on March 31, 1936. At this time, SH-30 began at US-66 in Erick and ended at what was then numbered SH-41 (present-day SH-152) in Sweetwater. On November 18, the highway was extended west along US-66, then south, setting its southern terminus at its present location at US-62 in Hollis. The 1937 state highway map was the first to show SH-30.
The following year, a large portion of the highway was removed from the state highway system. On October 19, 1937, between the SH-9 junction and US-66, the route ceased to be maintained by the Department of Highways. SH-30 still appeared as such on the 1938 state highway map, but with dashed lines, indicating the route was not maintained. By the 1940 edition, SH-30 was not marked at all on the map between just north of SH-9 to US-66 west of Erick. As a result, SH-30 was effectively in two sections, one running from Hollis to SH-9, and another between Erick and Sweetwater.
On April 14, 1941, the southern SH-30 was extended further to the south. The highway proceeded east from Hollis along US-62, then, at Gould, turned south along what was previously an unnumbered farm-to-market road. The route turned back east to end at SH-34 and SH-44 in Eldorado. This extension encompassed all of the present-day western SH-5. By January 1942, however, this extension of SH-30 would be split off to form the new SH-90.
The two sections of SH-30 were reunited on August 13, 1945, with the reincorporation of the SH-9 to Erick stretch into the route. The newly-continuous highway was extended north three months later on November 21, when it was extended north of Sweetwater for the first time, ending in Reydon (concurrent with SH-47). On February 7, 1955, SH-30 was extended north to Durham.
From the late 1950s through the 1960s, SH-30 extended south to the Texas state line. On February 18, 1958, the highway was extended to run west along US-62, then split off to the south east of the north–south Texas state line. The highway then ended at a bridge over the Prairie Dog Town Fork of the Red River, the southern Oklahoma–Texas boundary. The route was truncated back to Hollis on March 2, 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="7053746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053746" title="David Watkins (disambiguation)">
David Watkins (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7053748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053748" title="William Beattie (politician)">
William Beattie (politician)

William John Beattie (21 September 1942 – 13 February 2025) was a Northern Irish minister of religion and unionist politician who was deputy leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) from its foundation in 1971 until 1980.
Life and career.
Beattie grew up in Ballymena. In 1965, he became a student minister at the Dunmurry Free Presbyterian Church, and in 1967 he became a full minister in the Church, led by Ian Paisley. He also joined Paisley's Protestant Unionist Party (PUP), and became the deputy leader. Beattie first came to public attention in 1966 after he took over Paisley's Ulster Hall rallies while he was imprisoned for unlawful assembly.
In 1970, Beattie was elected to the Northern Ireland House of Commons in a by-election in South Antrim. Beattie had stood in the same constituency in the previous year's election but failed to be elected. On the same day, Paisley was elected for Bannside, and the two became the PUP's first Members of Parliament. Journalist W. D. Flackes later commented that these by-elections were "probably the most vital in the history of the Stormont House of Commons".
Beattie stood for Belfast North in the 1970 general election, but came a distant third, behind the Official Unionist Party (OUP) and Labour candidates.
In 1971, the PUP formed the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), and Beattie retained his post as deputy leader. The Parliament was prorogued in 1972, but Beattie was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly of 1973, and became deputy chief whip of the United Unionist Assembly Party (UUUC). He was again elected, to the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention in 1975. However, 1975 saw the beginning of Beattie's fall from Paisley's favour. He seriously damaged his political credibility within hard-line unionism, when, as a member of the three-man UUUC delegation which held talks with the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP), he failed to dissociate himself early enough from Bill Craig's suggestion of having Northern Ireland governed by a voluntary coalition between unionists and nationalists. In early 1976 Beattie was replaced as chairman of the DUP.
Beattie had a reputation for provocative rhetoric: several times he had warned the SDLP not to provoke a "civil war situation or they and their supporters will have to seek refuge in the Republic"; had accused the 1976 peace women of concentrating their efforts "where they would not interfere with terrorist activity"; and had suggested that only "the gallows would bring peace to Ulster".
Beattie was elected to Lisburn District Council in 1977. Beattie's election to the council began what one fellow councillor called "A period of bigoted sectarian confrontations after four years in which Lisburn had a relatively good and moderate reputation". The most infamous clash was the Beattie-led loyalist protest over the building of a new overflow Catholic housing estate at Poleglass on the edge of West Belfast. From his base at Dunmurry, adjacent the proposed scheme, Beattie claimed that 30,000 loyalists were prepared to "fight to the bitter end" to stop the new homes for Catholics, and threatened to sabotage the Housing Executive's allocation of homes to Catholics by setting up "Protestant-only estates". Beattie's campaign was ultimately unsuccessful, aside from one low-key rally addressed by DUP leader Ian Paisley and Official Unionist leader Jim Molyneaux.
In April 1983, Beattie forced the cancellation of Sunday performances by Circus Hoffman by threatening to disrupt them with open-air prayer meetings outside. He also agitated to reinstate a ban on usage of the municipal swimming pool and other public leisure facilities on Sundays. One anti-Catholic outburst from Beattie so embarrassed an Official Unionist member of Lisburn Council that he personally apologised to an SDLP member present. Beattie also objected to library facilities for the predominantly Catholic Twinbrook estate and to planning permission for a health centre in Poleglass.
Peter Robinson later replaced Beattie as DUP Deputy Leader.
In May 1982, the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) attempted to assassinate Beattie by planting a large bomb at his home. The device failed to detonate and was defused by the British Army.
Beattie was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly of 1982. Months after being elected, Beattie came to media attention after attempting to stop the Assembly's economic development committee from discussing a proposal from Londonderry Chamber of Commerce for a cross-border industrial development zone in Derry and County Donegal.
Beattie stood in Lagan Valley in the 1983 general election but again failed to win a seat in the British House of Commons. He resigned from the DUP in the mid-1990s and retired as a minister on 31 December 2005.
Beattie died on 13 February 2025, at the age of 82. Writing in "Fortnight" magazine in 1983, journalist Andy Pollak described Beattie as "one of the last truly unashamed voices of Northern Irish bigotry".

</doc>
<doc id="7053750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053750" title="Roadwork (album)">
Roadwork (album)

Roadwork is a live album by vocalist/keyboardist/saxophonist Edgar Winter and his band White Trash, a powerful revue famous for their fusion of funk, gospel, R&amp;B, and rock 'n' roll. It was released as a double LP in 1972. "Roadwork" was the second of only three albums the band recorded together.
Highlights include Winter's vocals and virtuoso keyboard work, plus the guitar stylings of Rick Derringer. The longest track on the album was the band's own version of the John D. Loudermilk song, "Tobacco Road", which lasted over 17 minutes, taking up an entire side of the album. Derringer contributed lead vocals to "Still Alive and Well" and "Back in the USA", and Johnny Winter made a special appearance singing lead and playing guitar on "Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo". Louisiana native Jerry LaCroix, who shared lead vocals with Winter in White Trash, is also prominently featured.
The album was recorded before live audiences at the Apollo Theater and the Academy of Music in New York City and in Los Angeles at the legendary Whisky a Go Go night club. The album was certified gold December 18, 1974 by the RIAA.
Production notes.
At the start of their appearance at the Apollo Theater, the host Frankie Crocker, a New York d.j. who introduced them, chided their evident late arrival saying (slightly off mic):
""Y'know, every time we used to go downtown to them jive jobs they give us, they always say 'black folks: late, can't be on time,' now look at the White Trash!" (chuckle)"
The comment was met with laughter from the audience. After the introduction, the audience again broke out into sporadic laughter, and a loud gasp after seeing Edgar's albino complexion, possibly not expecting much from the band as it consisted of all white musicians (apart from drummer Ramirez), but their doubts were quickly dispelled when the band launched into "Cool Fool", a funky R&amp;B song.
This snippet appears on the original vinyl release at the beginning of Side 4.

</doc>
<doc id="7053758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053758" title="Consett (UK Parliament constituency)">
Consett (UK Parliament constituency)

Consett was a county constituency, centred on the town of Consett in County Durham. It returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first past the post voting system from 1918 to 1983.
History.
Creation.
Consett was created under the Representation of the People Act 1918 for the 1918 general election. It succeeded the abolished North West Division of Durham, comprising the whole of that seat, excluding Tanfield, which was included in the new constituency of Blaydon, and Lanchester, which was transferred to Barnard Castle.
Boundaries.
1950–1983.
"Only minor changes - the Urban Districts of Annfield Plain and Tanfield (transferred back from Blaydon) had been merged with Stanley; and Benfieldside and Leadgate with Consett, along with the parishes of Ebchester and Medomsley."
Abolition.
The seat was abolished for the 1983 general election as a result of the periodic review of parliamentary constituencies following the re-organisation of local government under the Local Government Act 1972. On abolition, eastern areas, comprising the former Urban District of Stanley, were included in the newly created constituency of North Durham, and eastern areas, comprising the former Urban District of Consett, were transferred back to North West Durham (which had been re-established in 1950).
Election results.
Elections in the 1930s.
General Election 1939–40:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the Autumn of 1939, the following candidates had been selected; 

</doc>
<doc id="7053759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053759" title="L'amore è un attimo">
L'amore è un attimo

"L'amore è un attimo" ("Love is a moment") is a song recorded by Italian singer Massimo Ranieri. It in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, placing fifth. The song was released on Ranieri's album, "Via del Conservatorio", and released through CGD in Italy, and CBS internationally.
Releases.
The B-side of the single has the song "A Lucia". Ranieri also recorded the song in German as "Die Liebe ist ein Traum""" ("Love is a Dream"), in English as "Goodbye My Love", in Spanish as "Perdón cariño mío" ("Sorry My Darling") and in French as "Pour un instant d'amour" ("For a moment of love")"."
At Eurovision.
The song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, held on 3 April at the Gaiety Theatre in Dublin. With this song Ranieri participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performing as the eleventh song before "Vita vidder" by the Swedish group Family Four. It scored 91 points, finishing fifth overall. The orchestra was conducted by Enrico Polito.

</doc>
<doc id="7053763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053763" title="Playback (Stacey Q album)">
Playback (Stacey Q album)



</doc>
<doc id="7053767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053767" title="St. Thomas, Jamaica">
St. Thomas, Jamaica



</doc>
<doc id="7053785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053785" title="Float Away Deconstructed">
Float Away Deconstructed

Float Away Deconstructed is an album released by the band Marah in 2005. It consists of demos from the band's 2002 release, "Float Away With the Friday Night Gods".

</doc>
<doc id="7053798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053798" title="I-Roy">
I-Roy

Roy Samuel Reid (28 June 1944 – 27 November 1999), better known as I-Roy, was a Jamaican deejay who had a very prolific career during the 1970s.
Biography.
Born in 1944 in Saint Thomas Parish, Jamaica, Reid graduated from Dinthill Technical College before starting his musical career via his Soul Bunny sound system in 1968, running it on Victoria Pier on Wednesday afternoons, while working during the day as a government accountant. He went on to work on the Spanish Town-based Son's Junior sound system, where he was spotted by producer Harry Mudie, who renamed him 'I-Roy'.
Deriving his name, and to some extent, his style from U-Roy, Reid was also heavily influenced in his early career by Dennis Alcapone. In 1971 he recorded four tracks for Mudie, all releases as singles, "The Drifter" and "Heart Don't Leap" (both in combination with Dennis Walks), "Let Me Tell You Boy" (over the Ebony Sisters' recording), and "Musical Pleasure". Reid and Mudie fell out over the details of a proposed European tour, and he went on to work on sound systems such as King Tubby's Home Town Hi-Fi, and recorded more material with many of the Island's top producers including Lloyd Campbell, Bunny Lee, Derrick Harriott, Lee "Scratch" Perry, Glen Brown, Rupie Edwards, Byron Lee, and Keith Hudson. One of I-Roy's hits was "Sidewalk Killer" (1972), a take on Tommy McCook's original "Sidewalk Doctor", produced by Ruddy Redwood. One of his most productive partnerships was with Gussie Clarke, who produced most of the tracks on his debut album, "Presenting I Roy" (1973), containing several hit singles recorded for the producer.
I-Roy's lyrics were often humorous, incorporating elements of songs and nursery rhymes.
Hit singles with "Buck and the Preacher" and "Monkey Fashion" were followed by a second album, the mainly self-produced "Hell and Sorrow", which was sufficiently popular in the UK that Reid relocated there to promote his third album, "The Many Moods of I-Roy" (1974), performing regularly at the Roaring 20s club with Sir Coxsone's sound system, and playing live shows backed by Matumbi. He returned to Jamaica, where, with the popularity of DJ records waning, he worked as house producer at Channel One Studios, although his work was generally credited to the studio owners.
In 1975, he returned with several Channel One-produced singles, before working again with Bunny Lee in what would be one of the most successful periods of his career. For several years from 1975, I-Roy engaged in an on-record slanging match with fellow DJ Prince Jazzbo, the two trading insults on successive singles, starting with I-Roy's "Straight to Jazzbo's Head", although in reality they were good friends. In 1976, I-Roy signed to Virgin Records with whom he released five albums. Later in 1975 he released the "Truth &amp; Rights" album, compiling many of his hits from that year.
In 1976, he was signed by Virgin Records, who went on to release eight albums via various subsidiary labels, mainly utilising backing tracks played by the Revolutionaries. He also released other material in Jamaica, including the Alvin Ranglin-produced "Best of I-Roy" album in 1977.
Reggae's move to the dancehall era in the 1980s saw I-Roy's popularity decline, along with the quality of his output. This decline in popularity and recurring health problems led to financial problems and periods of homelessness during the later period of his life. In the early 1990s he started building his own studio in Spanish Town, but it was never completed. 
In October 1999, one of his two sons was killed in prison. On 27 November 1999 Reid died from heart failure in a Spanish Town hospital, at the age of 55.
Dub poet Linton Kwesi Johnson referred to I-Roy as "the mighty poet" in the track "Street 66" on the 1980 album "Bass Culture".
He gained renewed attention when the song "Sidewalk Killer" was used in the 2004 video game "" in the radio station called K-Jah West Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="7053805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053805" title="Joel mchale">
Joel mchale



</doc>
<doc id="7053809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053809" title="Banda della Magliana">
Banda della Magliana

The Banda della Magliana (, the "Magliana Gang") was an Italian criminal organization based in Rome. It was founded in 1975. Given by the media, the name refers to the original neighbourhood, the Magliana, of some of its members. 
The "Banda della Magliana" was heavily involved in criminal activities during Italy's Years of Lead ("anni di piombo"). The Italian government claimed that the Banda della Magliana was closely allied with and tied to other criminal organizations, such as "Cosa Nostra", "Camorra", and "'Ndrangheta". Some left-wing journalists have also claimed the gang had links to neofascist militant and terrorist groups, such as the Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari (NAR), responsible for the 1980 Bologna massacre; the Italian secret services (SISMI), and political figures such as Licio Gelli, grand-master of the Freemasonic lodge Propaganda Due (P2). They have also alleged that, along with Gladio, the NATO clandestine anti-communist organization, P2 was involved in a strategy of tension during the Years of Lead which included false flag terrorist attacks. However no concrete proof exists to support these claims and a memoir by a gang insider made no mention of any supposed links.
The "Banda della Magliana" was involved with the usual activities of Italian criminal gangs, such as drug dealing, horserace betting, and money laundering, among others; its ties to political groups set it apart. It is believed to have been involved with events such as the 1978 murder of former prime minister Aldo Moro, leader of the Christian Democracy party, who was negotiating the Historic Compromise with the Italian Communist Party (PCI); the 1979 assassination of journalist Carmine Pecorelli; the 1980 Bologna massacre; the 1982 assassination attempt against Roberto Rosone, vice-president of Banco Ambrosiano; and also Roberto Calvi's 1982 murder. The mysterious disappearance of Emanuela Orlandi, a case peripherally linked to former Grey Wolves member Mehmet Ali Ağca's 1981 Pope John Paul II assassination attempt, has also been related to the gang. The Orlandi kidnapping was allegedly to persuade the legally immune Vatican Bank to restore funds to Banco Ambrosiano creditors.
History.
Beginnings.
The first criminal act of the Banda della Magliana was the kidnapping of duke Massimiliano Grazioli Lante della Rovere on 7 November 1977, against a ransom. The duke was murdered but the ransom obtained anyhow, 1,500,000,000 lire of the time. Instead of spending everything, the group decided to keep the savings to invest in crime in Rome and take over the capital.
Unlike the Camorra or Cosa Nostra, the "Banda della Magliana" was not structured around a hierarchical pyramid. It was instead composed of various decentralized cells, each working on its own. Making equal shares and living off dividends obtained from the criminal association, they quickly took over Rome, surprising the underworld with their violent methods. If members were imprisoned, money continued to be sent to them through their families - while successful members, driving Ferraris and wearing Rolex watches, had to keep up their criminal activities, thus remaining "crime labourers" ("operai del crimine").
Far-right ties and Mino Pecorelli's assassination.
Some gang members, including founder Franco Giuseppucci, were far-right sympathizers. Crime, however, and not politics, was the main activity of the group, and some material incentives were much needed to get them involved in this field. One of their first contacts with the Italian neofascist movement was in the summer of 1978 — a few months after Aldo Moro's murder — in a villa in Rieti owned by criminologist, psychiatrist and neofascist professor Aldo Semerari. In exchange for financing his political activities, Semerari provided psychiatric expertise to arrested gang members in order to help them be released.
The deal did not last long, as Semerari was assassinated on 1 April 1982 in Ottaviano (Metropolitan City of Naples). He had made the same deal with Raffaele Cutolo's Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO), as well as with the rival organization of the Cutolo, the Nuova Famiglia (NF) headed by Carmine Alfieri. This pleased neither the NF nor the NCO. Besides being a famous far-right criminologist, Semerari was also a member of Propaganda Due (P2) masonic lodge and maintained links with SISMI, the Italian military intelligence agency.
More important links were found between the "Banda della Magliana" and the Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari (NAR) far-right terrorist group, in particular through Massimo Carminati, a NAR member who was a good customer at Franco Giuseppucci and Maurizio Abbatino's bar. Massimo Carminati quickly became a "pupil" of the gang and introduced them to Valerio Fioravanti, Francesca Mambro, and Pierluigi Bragaglia who were later accused of complicity in the 1980 Bologna massacre. The two criminal organizations quickly became closely linked, with the "Banda della Magliana" laundering the money obtained from NAR's hold-ups to finance their political activities, while the NAR helped the Banda in street activities (racket, drug transportation, etc.). However, their most mysterious "joint venture," which raised serious questions, concerned weapons: ammunition, guns and bombs belonging to both groups were surprisingly found in the basements of the Italian Health Ministry.
In the same basement were found ammunition cartridges of a brand not easy to find on the market (Gevelot, a French ammo manufacturer). Coming from the same lot were four bullets, of the same type and use, which marked them as used for a specific homicide: Carmine Pecorelli, a journalist who had published allegations about Prime minister Giulio Andreotti's ties to the Mafia, and who was murdered in 1979. Giulio Andreotti and his leading assistant Claudio Vitalone have been suspected in plotting this assassination: Andreotti was convicted in November 2002 of ordering the murder of Pecorelli, and sentenced to twenty-four years imprisonment. But the eighty-three-year-old Andreotti was immediately released pending an appeal, and on 30 October 2003, an appeals court overturned the conviction and acquitted Andreotti of the original murder charge.
During the trial, Italian justice clearly proved the involvement of the "banda della Magliana" in Pecorelli's murder, although the person materially responsible for the killing, Massimo Carminati, was released. Also according to the judges, the trial proved "clear links between Claudio Vitalone and the "banda della Magliana" through the person of Enrico De Pedis," (alias "Renatino", one of the leaders of the "Banda della Magliana"). They continued however by stating that the "probatory evidence was not unequivocal." Thus, due to insufficient evidence, Claudio Vitalone was released.
Roberto Calvi's case.
Roberto Calvi, alias "God's Banker" ("Il banchiere di Dio") in charge of "Banco Ambrosiano", whose main-shareholder was the Vatican Bank, was killed in London on 18 June 1982. Banco Ambrosiano, which crashed in one of the major financial scandals of the 1980s, was involved in money-laundering activities for the Mafia and allegedly in funnelling funds to the Polish Solidarity trade union ("Solidarność") and the Contras in Nicaragua. Ernesto Diotallevi, one of the leaders of the "Banda della Magliana", is being prosecuted for Calvi's murder.
In 1997, Italian prosecutors in Rome implicated a member of the Sicilian Mafia, Giuseppe Calò, in Calvi's murder, along with Flavio Carboni, a Sardinian businessman with wide-ranging interests. Two other men, Ernesto Diotallevi (purportedly one of the leaders of the "Banda della Magliana") and former Mafia member turned informer Francesco Di Carlo, were also alleged to be involved in the killing.
On 19 July 2005, Licio Gelli, the grand master of the Propaganda Due or P2 masonic lodge, was formally indicted by magistrates in Rome for the murder of Calvi, along with Giuseppe Calò, Ernesto Diotallevi, Flavio Carboni and Carboni's Austrian ex-girlfriend, Manuela Kleinszig. Licio Gelli, in his statement before the court, blamed figures connected with Calvi's work financing "Solidarność", allegedly on behalf of the Vatican. Gelli was accused of having provoked Calvi's death in order to punish him for embezzling money from Banco Ambrosiano that was owed to him and the Mafia. The Mafia was also claimed to have wanted to prevent Calvi from revealing that Banco Ambrosiano had been used for money laundering.
On 5 October 2005, the trial of the five individuals charged with Calvi's murder began in Rome. The defendants were Giuseppe Calò, Flavio Carboni, Manuela Kleinszig, Ernesto Diotallevi, and Calvi's former driver and bodyguard Silvano Vittor. The trial took place in a specially fortified courtroom in Rome's Rebibbia prison and was expected to last up to two years.
On 6 June 2007, all five individuals were cleared by the court of murdering Calvi. Mario Lucio d'Andria, the presiding judge at the trial, threw out the charges citing "insufficient evidence" after hearing 20 months of evidence. The verdict was seen as a surprise by some observers. The court ruled that Calvi's death was murder and not suicide. The defence had suggested that there were plenty of people with a motive for Calvi's murder, including Vatican officials and Mafia figures who wanted to ensure his silence. Legal experts who had followed the trial said that the prosecutors found it hard to present a convincing case due to the 25 years that had elapsed since Calvi's death. An additional factor was that some key witnesses were unwilling to testify, untraceable, or dead. The prosecution had earlier called for Manuela Kleinszig to be cleared, stating that there was insufficient evidence against her, but it had sought life sentences for the four men.
On 7 May 2010, the Court of Appeals confirmed the acquittal of Calò, Carboni and Diotallevi. The public prosecutor Luca Tescaroli commented after the verdict that for the family "Calvi has been murdered for the second time." On 18 November 2011 the court of last resort, the Court of Cassation, confirmed the acquittal.
Furthermore, the son of Roberto Calvi has claimed that Emanuela Orlandi's case was closely related to Calvi's case.
Emanuela Orlandi.
Emanuela Orlandi, a citizen of Vatican City, mysteriously disappeared on 22 June 1983 at the age of fifteen. Although the case still has not been solved, and Orlandi has remained missing ever since, apparently some have tried to exchange her for Grey Wolves member Mehmet Ali Ağca, who shot the Pope in 1981. Allegedly, some of the persons who tried to strike a deal with the Vatican were members of the Banda della Magliana.
In 2005, an anonymous phone call broadcast by the Rai 3 TV live programme "Chi l'ha visto?", a transmission about missing people's finding, stated that in order to find a resolution to the Orlandi case, it would have to be discovered as to who is buried in Saint Apollinare church, and about the favour that Enrico De Pedis made to Cardinal Ugo Poletti at the time.
The church of Saint Apollinare, located near Rome's Piazza Navona, is home to a crypt where popes, cardinals and Christian martyrs are buried, as well as to the tomb of Enrico De Pedis, also known as "Renatino", one of the most powerful heads of the Magliana gang, assassinated on 2 February 1990. The basilica is part of the same building of the Pontifical Institute of Sacred Music that Orlandi attended, and where she was last seen. De Pedis' interment in the church is an unusual procedure for a common citizen, also considering his gangster status. Cardinal Poletti, who was now deceased, authorized the interment at the time. In 2012, De Pedis' corpse was finally removed from the church.
In February 2006, an ex-member of the Magliana Gang recognized behind the voice of "Mario", one of the killers working for De Pedis. "Mario" was one of the anonymous persons who had phoned to propose the exchange of Emanuela Orlandi for Mehmet Ali Ağca.
Mafia Capitale.
A police investigation by Rome's chief prosecutor Giuseppe Pignatone, revealed a network of corrupt relationships between some politicians and criminals in the Italian capital.
On 18 December 2015, Alemanno was indicted for corruption and illicit financing. According to the accusation, Alemanno received €125,000 from the cooperatives' boss Salvatore Buzzi. On 7 February 2017, the allegation of an external cooperation in a mafia association was filed, including the allegations of corruption and illicit funding.
On 20 July 2017, Carminati was sentenced to 20 years in jail, along with other various sentences of his associates. On 11 September 2018, on appeal, Carminati was sentenced to 14 years and six months, with Buzzi sentenced to 18 years and four months.

</doc>
<doc id="7053814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053814" title="Anna Heilman">
Anna Heilman

Anna Heilman, born Hana Wajcblum (December 1, 1928 – May 1, 2011 age 83), referred to in other sources as Hanka or Chana Weissman, was one of the surviving prisoners from Auschwitz who plotted to blow up the crematoria. She, along with her elder sister (Estusia) and other women, smuggled gunpowder out of the Union munitions factory. They were then able to pass it from insider to insider until it reached the "Sonderkommando". The women involved in the gunpowder smuggling chain include Roza Robota (who had direct contact with the men of the Sonderkommando), Ala Gertner, Regina Safirsztajn, Rose Grunapfel Meth, Hadassa Zlotnicka, Marta Bindiger, Genia Fischer, and Inge Frank, among others.
Early life.
Anna's parents, Jakub and Rebeka Wajcblum, were both deaf. She was born on December 1, 1928, into a middle-class assimilated Jewish family in Warsaw, Poland. She had two older sisters, Sabina and Estusia. All three children had normal hearing and they had a nanny when they were young who was also deaf. Jakub was born in Warsaw in 1887 and he owned a factory "(Snycerpol)" in Warsaw that employed deaf workers to make wooden handicrafts. In 1937, he exhibited the factory's items at the Paris Exposition and in 1939 he did so at the New York World's Fair. Her mother, Rebeka, was born in 1898 in Pruzany, Poland to a wealthy family.
World War II.
The family lived in an area that became part of the Warsaw Ghetto. They were located on 38 Mila Street, just down the street from the headquarters of the ŻOB (Żydowska Organizacja Bojowa - Jewish Fighting Organization), led by Mordecai Anielewicz. Sabina managed to escape the Holocaust together with her former tutor and future husband, Mietek. They went to the Soviet Union and then settled in Sweden.
Anna was part of a youth movement Hashomer Hatzair. As the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising got underway, she wasn't sure whether to fight or to stay with her parents; She ultimately chose to stay with her parents. Anna, Estusia and their parents were among the last deportees from the Warsaw Ghetto when they were taken to Maidanek concentration camp in May 1943. Anna's parents were immediately murdered when they got to Maidanek. Estusia and Anna were sent to Auschwitz in September 1943.
Resistance during the war.
In her online memoir, Heilman claims it was her own idea to smuggle the gun powder to the Sonderkommando. A quote from her online memoir: "Out of this friendship evolved the ideas of resistance. I can't tell you who initiated it ... The idea was what could we do, each one of us, to resist? I thought, "You are working in the Pulverraum. How about taking gunpowder?" We started to talk about the idea. The gunpowder was within our reach. We thought, "We can use it!" Somebody in the group knew that the Sonderkommando was preparing resistance. We said, "Let us give the gunpowder to them!""
They found many ways to smuggle powder out. In order to smuggle the power out, they had pouches on the inside of their dresses, knots in their headscarves, and sometimes even powder under their fingernails. They were regularly searched and she recounted that when they saw from a distance that they would be searched, they would let the powder out onto the ground, and mingled it into the soil so that it could not be seen.
Estusia was betrayed when Ala Gertner told an SS officer whom she had befriended and trusted about the plot. She, Roza Robota, Regina Stafirstajn, and Ala Gertner were taken to the "Bunker" inside the main camp and tortured for months. But during all this time, they never gave up Anna's name. They only gave names of Sonderkommando members who were already dead.
On January 5, 1945, Estusia, Regina, Ala and Roza were hanged. 
This was only two weeks before the advancing Soviet Red Army reached Auschwitz. The entire women's camp was forced to watch the executions. With direct orders from Berlin, the women were executed as Jewish resistance fighters. Auschwitz was evacuated on January 18, 1945, as the Soviet Army continued its advance towards Germany.
After the war.
After a brief stay in Belgium, Anna emigrated in May 1946 to Palestine under the British Mandate. Anna was reunited with Sabina, met her extended family, and finished high school. Anna married Joshua Heilman on March 7, 1947, a man who had left Poland for Mandatory Palestine to pursue his university studies one week before the outbreak of World War II. His entire family was murdered during the war except for his younger sister, Rose, who had survived Auschwitz.
While in Israel, Anna obtained a degree in social work and had two daughters with Joshua. Joshua moved to the United States to be a Hebrew teacher and eventually brought the rest of the family to Boston in 1958. Then, in 1960, they emigrated to Ottawa, Canada so Joshua could become a Hebrew school principal. Anna worked with The Children's Aid Society in Ottawa as a bilingual (English-French) social worker. She became the supervisor of the English-French unit and eventually retired in 1990. Joshua Heilman died in October 2005.
The road to writing her memoirs was quite long. In 1991, after a ceremony at Yad Vashem to dedicate a memorial to Estusia, Regina, Ala and Roza, Anna told her son-in-law, Sheldon Schwartz, that she had kept a Polish diary in Auschwitz. It was confiscated and destroyed during a search at some point; and she recreated the entire diary from memory in a displaced persons camp in 1945. Sheldon persuaded Anna to translate the diary into English and the two of them worked together for 10 years; she wrote and he edited. Her memoir, "Never Far Away: The Auschwitz Chronicles of Anna Heilman", was published in 2001. The book won the 2002 Ottawa Book Award.
Anna Heilman is one of those featured in "Unlikely Heroes", a 2003 film about Jewish resistance during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="7053815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053815" title="Munsell">
Munsell

Munsell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7053818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053818" title="Richard Charles Mitchell">
Richard Charles Mitchell



</doc>
<doc id="7053821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053821" title="Donald E Degrate">
Donald E Degrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053823" title="The Firebird and Princess Vasilisa">
The Firebird and Princess Vasilisa

The Firebird and Princess Vasilisa () is a Russian fairy tale collected by Alexander Afanasyev in "Narodnye russkie skazki". It is one of many tales written about the mythical Firebird.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 531. Other tales of this type include "Ferdinand the Faithful and Ferdinand the Unfaithful", "Corvetto", "King Fortunatus's Golden Wig". Another, literary variant is Madame d'Aulnoy's "La Belle aux cheveux d'or", or "The Story of Pretty Goldilocks".
Synopsis.
A royal huntsman found a feather of the firebird and, though his horse warned him against it, picked it up. The king demanded that he bring him the bird. The huntsman went to his horse, who told him to demand that measures of corn be spread over the fields. He did, and the firebird came to eat and was caught. 
He brought it to the king, who said that because he had done that, now he must bring him Princess Vasilisa to be his bride. The horse had him demand food and drink for the journey, and a tent with a golden top. With it, they set out to a lake where the princess was rowing with golden oars in a silver boat. He set up the tent and set out the food. The princess came and ate, and drinking foreign wine, she became drunk and slept. He carried her off.
Princess Vasilisa refused to marry without her wedding gown, from the bottom of the sea. The king sent the huntsman for it. He rode the horse to the sea, where the horse found a great crab (or lobster) and threatened to crush it. The crab asked the horse to spare it and summoned all the crabs to fetch the wedding gown.
Princess Vasilisa refused to marry without the king ordering the huntsman to bathe in boiling water. The huntsman went to his horse, who charmed his body. He bathed in the boiling water and became handsome. The king went to bathe in the same water, and died. The people took the huntsman as king instead, and he married the princess.
Translations.
The tale was translated into English language with the title "The Fire-Bird, the Horse of Power and the Princess Vasillisa", by Arthur Ransome.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The tale is classified as the East Slavic type SUS 531, , of the East Slavic Folktale Classification (): with the help of an unassuming little horse, the hero finds a golden feather, the golden bird and the princess; at the end of the tale, the hero has to bathe in boiling milk and becomes beautiful, whereas the king dies after going through the same process. The East Slavic type corresponds, in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index, to type ATU 531, "The Clever Horse".
Variants.
Russia.
Alexander Afanasyev collected two variants in his original compilation of Russian folk tales (numbered 169–170), under the banner "Жар-птица и Василиса-царевна" ("The Bird-of-Fire and Tsarevna Vasilisa").
Ukraine.
Another variant from a Slavic source (Cossack/Ukrainian) is "Тремсинъ — Жаръ-птица и Настасья прекрасная изъ моря" (English: "Tremsin, Bird of Zhar and Nastasya, the Beautiful One that comes from the sea"). This Ukrainian tale was translated as "The Story of Tremsin, the Bird Zhar and Nastasia, the Lovely Maid of the Sea" by Robert Nisbet Bain and as "The Feather of the Zhar Bird", by illustrator Katherine Pyle.
Slovenia.
Author Bozena Nemcová collected and published a variant from Slovenia, with the name "O Ptáku Ohniváku a o Mořské Panne" ("The Fire-Bird and the Maiden of the Sea").
Czech Republic.
Czech author Václav Tille (writing under pseudonym "Václav Říha") published the tale "Dcera mořského krále" ("The Sea-King's Daughter"): a man is tasked with guarding the king's fields against something that comes in the night and tramples them. The man discovers the culprits: a white steed and several mares; he captures the steed and takes it to the stables. On one occasion, the man sees a golden lock of hair and delivers it to his king. The monarch says it belongs to the Sea-King's Daughter and orders the boy to bring the maiden in person to him. The youth begins his quest with the help of the white horse he tamed. After a series of increasingly difficult tasks, the princess sends the youth for her "horses of the sea". He brings them back to the princess, who suggests the king should try some of the milk the horses produce. The hesitant monarch says the youth should try it first, and the white horse "blows its breath to cool it".

</doc>
<doc id="7053824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053824" title="John Walson">
John Walson

John Walson, Sr. (born John Walsonavich; March 25, 1915 March 27, 1993) was an American appliance store owner. Based in Mahanoy City, Pennsylvania, Walson worked for Pennsylvania Power &amp; Light before starting a General Electric franchise out of his home in 1945. He founded Service Electric in 1948; the family-owned cable television provider services Pennsylvania and northwestern New Jersey.
Walson is widely considered to have invented cable television in 1948. The popular account involves him solving problems receiving radio signals from Philadelphia television stations, which were blocked by mountaintops. His claim is recognized by the U.S. Congress and the National Cable Television Association and has been repeated by journalists and scholarly sources alike. However, it has also been contested; research arguing against Walson's claim was published in the "Journal of Broadcasting &amp; Electronic Media" in 1996.
Early life and education.
John Walsonavich was born in Forest City, Pennsylvania on March 25, 1915, to Andrew and Anastasia Walsonavich. According to Service Electric, his family moved to Mahanoy City, Pennsylvania and he graduated from the local high school. He briefly attended Loyola University Chicago before moving to the Coyne Electrical School. Returning to Mahanoy City in 1934, Walsonavich began working as a lineman and occasional repairman for Pennsylvania Power &amp; Light (PP&amp;L). In 1945, PP&amp;L left the appliances business, leading Walsonavich to begin running a General Electric franchise out of his home with the help of his newlywed wife, Margaret Walsonavich , while also continuing with PP&amp;L. As an adult, Walsonavich legally changed his surname to Walson.
Invention of cable television.
Walson needed to solve problems receiving signals from Philadelphia television stations, which were blocked by the mountains surrounding the town. Walson erected an antenna on a utility pole on a local mountaintop that enabled him to demonstrate the televisions in his store with strong broadcasts coming from the three Philadelphia stations. He connected the antenna to his appliance store via a cable and modified signal boosters. He then connected several of his customers who were located along the cable path. This was the first community antenna television (CATV) system in the United States.
Walson's company grew over the years, and he is recognized as the founder of the cable television industry. He was also the first cable operator to use microwave to import distant television stations, the first to use coaxial cable to improve picture quality, and the first to distribute pay television programming.
His descendants now own Service Electric, which is a family-owned cable TV provider serving Pennsylvania and Northwestern New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="7053825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053825" title="Donald E DeGrate">
Donald E DeGrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053842" title="Tim Yeung">
Tim Yeung

Tim Yeung (born November 27, 1978) is an American extreme metal drummer. He has previously performed with Morbid Angel and I Am Morbid alongside former Morbid Angel vocalist/bassist David Vincent.
Biography.
Yeung attended Hochstein School of Music &amp; Dance in Rochester, New York and graduated in 1995. He was first introduced to the death metal genre in the 1980s. His breakout performance was in 1999 on Hate Eternal's debut album "Conquering the Throne", after which he became a big name in the death metal scene. Although Yeung left Hate Eternal after the release of "Conquering the Throne", he started lending his talents as a live session drummer, such as with American metalcore band All That Remains, death metal bands Vital Remains and Nile, and as a studio drummer on "...And Time Begins" by Decrepit Birth. 
Yeung was the drummer and co-founder of the death metal/metalcore band Divine Heresy and can be heard on their debut album, "Bleed the Fifth" and their second studio album, "Bringer of Plagues". He was also the drummer of World Under Blood, CKY frontman Deron Miller's death metal side project. He replaced Pete Sandoval in Morbid Angel for their 2011 album "Illud Divinum Insanus" due to Sandoval's back surgery and was their official drummer until June 2015.
In a Metal Addicts interview Yeung commented on his reasons for leaving Morbid Angel:
“I’ve been waiting to break the news for a while about this. Now seems like the proper time to do so. As some of you know, there have been some lineup changes with Morbid Angel. Unfortunately, due to financial differences, I will not be continuing with them. It has been a great five years being involved with Morbid Angel. I’ve met a ton of great people all over the world, played some amazing shows, and have a ton of great memories as well as stories. I wish Trey (Azagthoth) and Morbid Angel all the best. As for myself, I’m always up for the next opportunity life throws my way.”
In 2006, Yeung hit 872 bass drum hits in one minute at a World's Fastest Drummer competition, which earned him the Fastest Feet Title for that event, though not the world record, which clocked in at 1034 hits in one minute, held by Canadian drummer Mike Mallais. By Yeung's standards, 872 hits in a minute is comparatively low, translating to one minute of 16th notes at 218 BPM, which is considerably slower than the speeds he has displayed in his group work, which he has been said to get to speeds of around just over 247 BPM. Yeung has stated in interviews that he could have played much faster if he had been using his own setup.
Equipment.
Yeung uses and endorses ddrum drums, Sabian cymbals, Axis pedals and Vic Firth drumsticks.

</doc>
<doc id="7053843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053843" title="Donald E. Degrate">
Donald E. Degrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053844" title="Paul W. Dillon Home">
Paul W. Dillon Home

The Paul W. Dillon Home, often referred to as the Dillon Home, is located in Sterling, Illinois. It was home to businessman P.W. Dillon, who was the president of Northwestern Steel &amp; Wire Company for many of its most successful years. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 9, 1980.
History.
While the land itself had dozens of owners, once built, the home with the land had seven owners with only six residing within its walls. The Victorian home less its East wing, was constructed in 1858 and is cast in the Italianate style. The home was eventually purchased by Washington M. Dillon, and ultimately conveyed to his son, P.W., following his death.
In 1904, P.W. married Lucretia (Crete) Blackman Dillon, of Dixon. The couple raised their three children in P.W.'s boyhood home. To accommodate their growing family, P.W. replaced the existing small, open porch on the south with a much larger enclosed two-story porch. The northeast porch was also enclosed. Since then, the only major structural change has been the installation of an elevator in 1972. The home's grandeur is a remarkable sight, as P.W.'s wife Crete, was an avid traveler, and collector of eclectic pieces and period furniture.
P.W. and Crete lived in the home for 50 years when Crete died in 1970. Ten years later, P.W. died in the same home where he was born. Unique from most historic home museums, The Dillon Home retains all of the original furnishings and belongings, since the home and land was conveyed to the Sterling Park District after PW.’s passing in 1980.
The home opened to the public as a museum on November 18, 1980. The following year, Baldwin Steam Engine #73 was retired and moved to the south lawn along with a tender and caboose. Until its retirement, the engine was operational at Northwestern Steel &amp; Wire, and was the last working steam engine in the United States used in an industrial application. 

</doc>
<doc id="7053846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053846" title="Jacqueline Marone">
Jacqueline Marone



</doc>
<doc id="7053850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053850" title="Imam Tirmidhi">
Imam Tirmidhi



</doc>
<doc id="7053852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053852" title="Donald E. DeGrate">
Donald E. DeGrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053854" title="Imam Abu Dawud">
Imam Abu Dawud



</doc>
<doc id="7053864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053864" title="William Adams (minister)">
William Adams (minister)

William Adams (January 25, 1807 – August 31, 1880) was a noted American clergyman and academic.
Early life.
He was born in Colchester, Connecticut on January 25, 1807. He was one of five sons and six daughters born to John Adams (1772–1863) and Elizabeth (née Ripley) Adams (1776–1829). His father was a 1795 graduate of Yale who was an American educator noted for organizing several hundred Sunday schools.
His father was the eldest of ten children born to Captain John Adams, a farmer from Canterbury and an officer during the American Revolution and Mary (née Parker) Adams of Needham, Massachusetts. Her maternal grandparents were Gamaliel Ripley and Judith (née Perkins) Riply. His mother was a great-great-granddaughter of Governor William Bradford of the Plymouth Colony who was a passenger on the Mayflower.
He prepared for College at Phillips Academy at Andover, Massachusetts and graduated from Yale College in 1827. He studied for the ministry at Andover Theological Seminary, under Professor Moses Stuart, graduating in 1830. The University of the city of New York gave him the degree of D.D. in 1842, and Princeton College that of LL.D. in 1869.
Career.
In February 1831, he was ordained as pastor of the Congregational Church in Brighton, Massachusetts, where he remained until April 1834. In August 1834, he took charge of the Central Presbyterian Church on Broome Street in New York City.
In 1836, he was a member of the group that founded Union Theological Seminary in New York City. In 1852, he served as the moderator of the New School Party, and was chairman of the New School Committee of Conferences in 1866. He also served as a member of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, and as the president of the Presbyterian Foreign Board. He was also president of the New York Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
In 1853 his congregation founded the Madison Square Presbyterian Church. While there, Adams baptized Edward Huntting Rudd. In 1871, Adams was sent by the evangelical alliance to intercede with the emperor of Russia in behalf of dissenters from the Greek church in the Baltic provinces, who claimed religious liberty, his mission being entirely successful, and the same year served as delegate from the general assembly of the Presbyterian church in America to the general assembly in Scotland, and to the Free Church assembly.
He resigned to pastorate in 1873, after nearly forty years of consecutive service in one church, to accept the presidency of the Union Theological Seminary, in 1874, in connection with the professorship of sacred rhetoric and pastoral theology. He was there a leader of the new-school board of the Presbyterian church, and in its efforts to reunite the two bodies, was a chief advocate.
Dr. Adams delivered the address of welcome at the great gathering of representatives of the various Protestant churches of the world, at an evangelical alliance in New York City October 3, 1873. At the general council of the Presbyterian church, held at Edinburgh in 1877, he responded to the address of welcome by the lord provost of that city.
Personal life.
On July 13, 1831, he married Susan Patten Magoun (1806–1834), the daughter of Thatcher Magoun and Mary Bradshaw. Following the death of his first wife (on May 22, 1834), he married her sister, Martha Bradshaw Magoun (1812–1885) on August 12, 1835. Together, Adams and his second wife Martha were the parents of:
He died on August 31, 1880, at Orange Mountain, New Jersey. He was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Descendants.
Adams was the grandfather of William Adams Brown (1865–1943). The latter was born in New York City and was educated privately at first, then went to St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. He received from Yale University an A.B. degree in 1886, an A.M. degree in 1888, and a Ph.D. in 1901. He graduated from Union Theological Seminary in 1890 and was ordained in the Presbyterian Church in 1893. He also studied at the University of Berlin from 1890 to 1892. He was a member of the Yale Corporation from 1917 to 1934, and was acting president of Yale University from 1919 to 1920.
Another grandson was William Adams Delano (January 21, 1874 – January 12, 1960),a cousin of Franklin Delano Roosevelt and an 1895 graduate of Yale who was a prominent American architect, and a partner with Chester Holmes Aldrich in the firm of Delano &amp; Aldrich, which worked in the Beaux-Arts tradition for elite clients in New York City and Long Island.
Works.
He wrote several religious books and edited the works of Robert Hall (1830).
His published works include:

</doc>
<doc id="7053865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053865" title="Recession of 2001">
Recession of 2001



</doc>
<doc id="7053868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053868" title="List of Splinter Cell Weapons">
List of Splinter Cell Weapons



</doc>
<doc id="7053886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053886" title="Wat Bovoranives">
Wat Bovoranives



</doc>
<doc id="7053887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053887" title="Let's Cut the Crap &amp; Hook Up Later on Tonight">
Let's Cut the Crap &amp; Hook Up Later on Tonight

Let's Cut the Crap &amp; Hook Up Later On Tonight ("LCTC") is the debut album by the American band Marah, released in 1998.
Rerelease.
In 2004, the album was rereleased on Marah's own PHIdelity label. In addition to new cover artwork, the rerelease included 6 previously unreleased tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="7053892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053892" title="Shaft effect">
Shaft effect

The shaft effect, also known as elevator effect or shaft jacking, is a phenomenon occurring in shaft-drive motorcycles. This effect occurs because the acceleration being applied to the rear wheel creates a reactive force on the drive shaft. This in turn lifts the rider and the body of the bike, exacerbating the natural "tucking under" of the rear wheel. Under acceleration Newton's third law says trying to turn the wheel forward exerts a reactionary force against the drive mechanism. In the case of a belt, this makes the top part of the belt tighten and the whole bike "shrug" down just a bit.
This is typically obscured because acceleration causes the rear wheel to "tuck under." A shaft-drive, on the other hand has a rigid connection to the hub so this reactionary force turns the shaft backwards about the rear wheel and the middle of the bike "tightens" and lifts the rider up. This effect is one of the most notable differences between riding a shaft-driven motorcycle and a typical motorcycle. The effect is most pronounced on older models of motorcycle as most modern shaft-driven bikes use one or two Paralevers to limit the rotation of the rear hub relative to the bike frame.

</doc>
<doc id="7053896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053896" title="Deacon Sharpe">
Deacon Sharpe

Deacon Sharpe is a fictional character, originally from the CBS soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful", portrayed by Sean Kanan from November 1, 2000, to February 22, 2005. From June 23, 2009, to January 30, 2012, the character appeared on its sister soap "The Young and the Restless".
Kanan returned to the role on "The Bold and the Beautiful" on May 24, 2012. Shortly after, Kanan was dismissed and last seen on June 27, 2012, though the actor was later rehired. His last appearance was on October 9, 2012. On March 17, 2014, Kanan announced his return to "The Bold and the Beautiful" in a regular capacity. He once again returned on June 13, 2014.
In October 2021, Kanan reprised the role once again.
In September 2022, a crossover event between "The Bold and the Beautiful" and "The Young and the Restless" was announced involving Kanan’s character along with the Y&amp;R character of Nikki Newman, played by Melody Thomas Scott. Kanan’s appearances on "The Young and the Restless" were September 20 to 21, 2022.
Storylines.
2000–2005.
Deacon was first known as the biological father of "Little Eric", a baby being raised by Rick Forrester (Justin Torkildsen) and Amber Moore (Adrienne Frantz) the baby's biological mother is Amber's cousin, Becky. Amber passes the child off as her son with Rick. The truth is discovered and Deacon pursues custody of the child.
Deacon then began to pursue a romantic relationship with Amber by attempting to seduce her away from Rick for himself, the efforts are complicated by his relationship with Bridget Forrester (Jennifer Finnigan) Deacon pretends to be over Amber after Bridget discovers he married her to get Amber to leave Rick, she has a near fatal car accident and Eric tries to kill him by running him over with his car and he feels like scum, so in an attempt to make himself feel less guilty he makes an attempt to forget Amber but continues to pursue her by taking her to Vegas to give her a massage and by creating situations in which he shows up at beach locations and rubs lotion on her body in an attempt to tempt her, unfortunately, Bridget and Deacon's marriage was never real, but was based on his obsession with Amber and what kept them together was his attempt to prove to Bridget that he could be a better person and that was even after having an affair with Brooke, thus, Deacon begins a clandestine affair with Bridget's mother, Brooke Logan (Katherine Kelly Lang) while married to Brooke's daughter whose husband had recently left her. He arrived at Brooke's apartment when Brooke was lamenting losing Thorne and Ridge both. Turning to each other for comfort, they had sex, they continue the affair behind Bridget's back. The reason Thorne left Brooke is because he heard them discussing their past lives and overheard Brooke telling Deacon that she thought about Ridge every single day, Brooke gives birth to their daughter, Hope Logan (Annika Noelle) after trying for months to be part of Hope's life, Brooke runs Deacon off trying to chase Ridge again after Taylor dies. Deacon eventually came back to try to be part of Hope's life again when Brooke was with Nick Marone (Jack Wagner) and Nick talked Brooke into allowing Deacon to be a father to Hope. Deacon wanted Nick to adopt Hope because he was so grateful, so he signed the rights over to Nick once Nick and Brooke got married and left town. Years later after Nick and Brooke broke up, Deacon had to sign off on parental rights to Hope over to Ridge Forrester (Ronn Moss) when Brooke lost custody of the kids due to her inability to care for them correctly.
Deacon goes on to connect with other older female characters on the show; a marriage to Macy Alexander (Bobbie Eakes) and an affair with Jacqueline Payne Marone (Lesley-Anne Down). The character leaves town in 2005 after relapsing back into alcoholism due to Jackie's husband Massimo Marone (Joseph Mascolo) having Deacon's drinks laced with alcohol to get revenge on Deacon and Jackie for their affair.
2009–2012.
In June 2009, Deacon began appearing in Genoa City as a supposed art dealer. He is involved with a stolen painting incident and frames Daniel Romalotti (Michael Graziadei), the boyfriend of Deacon's old flame Amber Moore. He agrees to provide the evidence that will get Daniel out of prison, if she has sex with him. Amber agrees, but while they have sex, he makes sure Daniel hears them over the phone by posing as Daniel's attorney, Michael Baldwin (Christian LeBlanc) when he is calling him.
Next to his scheme against Daniel, he is doing business with Victoria Newman (Amelia Heinle) Victoria faces marital problems. After seeing pictures of her husband J.T. Hellstrom (Thad Luckinbill) kissing his ex-girlfriend, Colleen Carlton (Tammin Sursok) Victoria has sex with Deacon. 
He later blackmails Amber into marrying him, by threatening Daniel Romalotti's freedom. He tricks Gloria Bardwell into handing over the stolen Terroni painting by promising her a share of the money he received when he sold it. He is tricked by Victoria Newman and Daniel Romalotti into thinking he has the real Terroni, but he has a fake one.
Ryder's mother is blackmailing him to help her break up Michael and Lauren Baldwin. Deacon was blackmailed by Daniel's mother Phyllis Newman (Michelle Stafford) to leave town with Amber and he'd get the cell phone which incriminates his crimes, so he kidnapped Amber outside of Crimson Lights at Daniel's party, his car runs out of gas near an abandoned farmhouse, and he tells Amber that he still loves her and so does his son Eric, who still thinks of her as his mother. Daniel shows up along with Phyllis and it is revealed that the three of them tricked Deacon, so he would get arrested for kidnapping and Phyllis gave the police the cell phone to exonerate Daniel of Ray Elkins' murder. As Deacon is hauled off by the police, he tells Amber that he won't be the only one to suffer, letting her know that Eric will suffer too.
In July 2010, Deacon is paroled from prison. He encounters Phyllis, now estranged from husband Nick Newman (Joshua Morrow), and stuck in her car with a flat tire during a thunderstorm in a rather isolated area - somewhat near the Abbott cabin. Though she refuses Deacon's offers of help, when Phyllis sees Nick approaching, she kisses Deacon, in an attempt to make Nick jealous. However, as soon as Nick leaves, Phyllis stops and orders Deacon out of her car. A few weeks later, Deacon applies for a job as bartender at Gloria (Judith Chapman) and Jeffrey Bardwell's new club, Gloworm. Gloria hires him, much to the annoyance of many in Genoa City, still angry at his manipulations and his role in framing Daniel for murder. At his new job he gets to see Phyllis again and Deacon immediately starts flirting with her. When he kisses her again, Phyllis first kisses him back, before slapping him across the face as Phyllis' ex-husband and good friend Jack Abbott (Peter Bergman) walks in. Feeling humiliated when she finds out that Nick is letting his ex-wife Sharon Newman (Sharon Case) stay at their house, Phyllis returns into Deacon's arms and they have passionate sex in front of a dumpster behind Gloworm.
As a bartender doesn't show up, Gloria contacts Deacon to fill in on Victoria's wedding to Billy Abbott (Billy Miller). When Victoria sees the man who destroyed her last marriage, she tells Gloria that she wants him gone. Before leaving, Deacon notices the fight Nikki Newman (Melody Thomas Scott) is having to not take a drink. Afterwards he runs into Phyllis, who invites him to be her "plus one" to the wedding; just to piss off Nick. Michael tells Phyllis that she is going to far, but she doesn't listen and let Nick realize who she brought as her date. He then enters in cahoots with Maggie McClain, who has a crush on Victor Newman; in exchange for getting Nikki drunk and bringing her to Deacon, he'll help her win Victor over.
Deacon and Nikki become romantically involved, and he even comforts her during the difficult time she's currently going through with her former husband Victor Newman. The two become closer after Nikki is confronted by Victor, who yells at her for being involved with Deacon. Eventually Maggie is arrested and Nikki went to rehab. Since Nikki's return from rehab, she has attempted to be away from Deacon, but they quickly give into temptation. Deacon comforts Nikki who is dealing with family issues and returning desires to drink again. On Valentine's Day, Nikki and Deacon make their relationship completely public, upsetting Victor, Victoria, and many others.
Later Maggie returns to town and threatens to tell Nikki the truth about his involvement in her and Victor's breakup if he doesn't help her get out of jail. Originally unwilling, Deacon eventually tries to put together a plan to bust Maggie out, but it fails. Maggie calls Nikki to come to the jail because she has some important news for her. Deacon catches up to Nikki, but Maggie tells Nikki the truth anyway. Nikki is shocked by it and storms out. She calls Nick who tells her that Victor and Diane have gotten married. Only a day earlier Nikki and Victor had sex. All of this news forced Nikki back to the alcohol later that night.
Deacon returns in November 2011 when Nikki comes home from rehab. It is revealed that she had a short-lived relationship with him while she not very was away, and she is shown to seriously regret it. Nikki continues to drink even though she's supposed to be sober. Deacon claims he knows the truth about Diane's murder, and in order for him to not reveal it to the world, he blackmails Nikki into marrying him in Las Vegas.
However, Nikki finds out that Deacon wasn't even at the scene of Diane's murder and that he was lying the entire time. Due to this, Nikki plans to have their marriage annulled but doesn't do it in order to find out who really killed Diane. It is later revealed that Nikki actually killed Diane in self-defense. Deacon then confesses that he then hit Diane's head with a rock seven to eight more times to make it seem as if someone stronger than Nikki killed Diane. Later on, when the police were looking for the final suspect in the murder, Deacon said it was someone obsessed with cats, leading them to realize it was Patty Williams.
Months later, Bill Spencer, Jr. (Don Diamont) approached an imprisoned Deacon in Genoa City to help him take part of his plans to keep his son Liam Spencer (Scott Clifton) and Deacon's daughter Hope apart. After much reluctance Deacon agrees to help Bill in exchange for his freedom. He goes to Italy (the location of Hope and Liam's wedding) with Bill and his assistant Alison. Deacon is confide to inside when they arrive whilst Bill is out trying to convince Liam's ex-wife Steffy Forrester (Jacqueline MacInnes Wood) to stay in Italy, hinting that something could or may happen to stop the wedding. Deacon, however, is still conflicted about what is to come, knowing that he could potentially destroy his daughter. He is also frustrated as well for not being able to go outside since his release from prison. Being alone with only Alison, Deacon inquires to her about Liam and Hope's relationship. Alison responds by saying whilst she doesn't know Hope very well, she is very much in love with Liam as he is with her. This only makes it harder for Deacon because he genuinely doesn't want to hurt his daughter especially after knowing what she has accomplished with her "Hope for the Future" fashion line and how it is based on her morals and values. However he goes along with Bill's scheme, finally reuniting with his daughter and creating a series of misunderstandings that almost break her and Liam apart. Deacon soon disappears again and despite the many inferences, the wedding happens.
Deacon later returns after learning that the wedding was legally invalid and Liam and Hope are no longer together. Feeling responsible and guilty, He threatens Bill with telling both Liam and Hope the reason behind the demise of their relationship. Unknown to both of them Katie Logan Spencer (Heather Tom), Bill's wife and Hope's aunt had overheard the whole conversation. Confronting both them over what she has heard. Deacon neither denying nor confirming anything exits, leaving Bill to explain to his enraged pregnant wife, who soon goes into early labour.
While Brooke and Ridge (Ronn Moss) were away on their honeymoon, Deacon texted Brooke to inform her that he will be a part of Hope's life, which led to the end of Brooke's marriage to Ridge when Brooke denied having spoken to him. Deacon later confronts Bill again, asking for a job. Bill, however, is less than pleased and again Deacon leaves threatening to tell Liam about what happened in Italy.
2014–2017.
Quinn Fuller (Rena Sofer) had just been fired from her job at Forrester Creations and she entered a bar and started drinking. Deacon sat next to her and started talking to her. Quinn mentioned that her son, Wyatt Spencer (Darin Brooks) is in love Hope Logan and Deacon reveals he's her father. Quinn took an interest in Deacon and gave him her phone number. Deacon goes over to the Logan Mansion and tells Hope that he wants to be there for her and be a better father. Quinn plans for her and Deacon to get Wyatt and Hope together again. Deacon needed something in exchange and told her he needed a place to stay. He asked to stay at her house and Quinn allowed him to stay.
After a delusional reconciliation with Brooke, Deacon started having romantic feelings for Quinn and kissed her twice, but Hope didn't accept that and she tried to convince Deacon that Quinn is using him. Quinn apologized and as she was walking away, pregnant Hope tripped down the patio steps. Deacon got angry with Quinn once he learned Hope fell. Hope was okay but she miscarried the baby. Deacon found Quinn on the roof ready to jump and Bill convincing her to end it. Deacon convinced Quinn to stop and comforted her and yelled at Bill for playing with an upset person's mind. Quinn told Deacon she'd understand if he'd want to leave her but Deacon convinced her not to kill herself again because he can't go on without her.
Quinn began to get nervous with Brooke back in town. Deacon insisted he's committed to her. Brooke texted Deacon to stop by. Brooke had been drinking and explained she's lonely because all the men in her life have left her and she never had to go home without a man to sleep with. Deacon assured her she can always turn to him. Deacon stopped her from drinking and gave her some aspirins and water and left. Brooke put down the aspirins and drank some more alcohol.
Deacon left to grab a bite to eat and ran into Brooke. He sat down with her who was drunk and he carried her to his car while she was embarrassing herself. They arrived at the Logan Mansion when Brooke put on a bikini and started prancing around wanting to go in the pool. Deacon resisted but then kissed Brooke. Deacon apologized and left. Quinn questioned the wait, and deacon explained what happened, subtracting the kiss part. Quinn left to go over to Brooke's who was tipsy and slapped her down to the floor, warning her to stay away from Deacon and her. Wyatt arrived at Quinn's and told Deacon he was concerned. Brooke told Deacon what had happened and Deacon was furious with Quinn. Quinn suggested he'd just leave her if he hates her that much. Deacon stayed and proposed to Quinn, which made her very happy. Deacon informed Brooke about the big news who didn't approve of this. Quinn was eavesdropping and after Deacon left, Quinn entered and stated they are getting married. Brooke insisted that she won't let this happen. Quinn was wary to this to Deacon about what Brooke said, Deacon stated she can't get in their way. Deacon informed Brooke that he absolutely wants to marry Quinn. Deacon admit to Quinn that he's an alcoholic and started attending AA meetings again. Little did Quinn know, that Deacon met up with Brooke at that very same meeting.
One day, Quinn hugged Deacon and smelled perfume and Deacon stated he was helping an AA friend whom Quinn mentioned she never knew was a female. Later when Brooke arrived, Quinn sniffed Brooke and realized the scents match. Quinn is upset that Deacon was helping out Brooke and he explained he's just helping out a friend and Quinn was very angry at Brooke but backed off and was proud of Deacon. But Wyatt overheard Deacon telling Brooke they could have a future together if he wasn't engaged to Quinn. He told his mother who was angry at Deacon at first but afterwards forgave him.
On Deacon and Quinn's wedding day, Brooke crashed it with a laptop showing a live video chat with Hope. Hope tried guilt tripping Deacon into not marrying Quinn. Hope stated it would strain their relationship threatened to exclude him from her life once again. Deacon told Hope sorry and told Brooke to leave. Wyatt gave Quinn and Deacon his blessing and they get married. Months later Quinn tells Wyatt that she and Deacon are separated because their marriage was doomed from the beginning since he's not a Spencer man, the only ones who have ever been able to truly capture her heart. Wyatt peppers her with questions and she says Deacon is a good man and that he went to Europe.
He comes back a few weeks later and Deacon discovers Quinn has kidnapped a memory loss Liam Spencer and that she's making him believe she's his wife. Deacon helps Quinn during the first months but then decides that Liam has to return.
Quinn decides then to bring Liam to visit reef near Topanga with the help of Deacon and, remembering what he had said about making Liam return to his family, threw Deacon into the ocean. Deacon survived and went to search for Quinn. Meanwhile, Liam had been found by Wyatt. With the help of Deacon she managed to escape at first but she was then captured. When she was discharged she started a relationship with Eric Forrester; Deacon told Quinn to pay attention since she's hated by all of Eric's family but she ignores Deacon's advice. When Eric goes to Monte Carlo, Quinn wants to go to with him but his family's there. Deacon books a flight for Quinn. After Steffy saw her in Monte Carlo kissing Eric, Quinn came back to Los Angeles ending his relationship with Eric and told Deacon everything.
In June 2017, Deacon returns to Los Angeles and confronts Quinn, revealing himself as the culprit who has been shooting at her on multiple occasions. Deacon is arrested by lieutenant Baker and sent to prison.
2021–present.
In October 2021, Deacon is released from a four year prison sentence due to what he describes as "over-crowding" and arrives at Hope and Liam's home at Hope's invitation, much to Liam, Brooke and Ridge's surprise. Hope reveals she's been writing to Deacon in prison and tells the others she can't turn her back on him. After enduring a verbal tirade by Ridge and Brooke, Deacon leaves, only to encounter Sheila Carter (Kimberlin Brown), who after sharing her own story of being forced out of her son's life, encourages him to work with her to remain involved in their children's lives.
Reception.
In 2020, Candace Young from "Soaps She Knows" put Deacon on her list of the hottest soap opera villains, saying that he should be one of the soaps again and that Deacon is "a con and a sexy schemer who has a way with the ladies, who can't seem to resist his bad boy ways. This man can cause a stir like few others – just seeing a shot of his hand holding a glass of whiskey once got viewers riled up!" In 2022, Charlie Mason from "Soaps She Knows" placed Deacon 22nd on his ranked list of "The Bold and the Beautiful’s Best of the Best Characters Ever", commenting that "Sean Kanan's sleazy alter ego did the impossible: made us believe that he cared, really "cared" for Brooke… even "after" he took her daughter's virginity while on speakerphone! Top that… well, everyone else!"

</doc>
<doc id="7053897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053897" title="She's Got You">
She's Got You

"She's Got You" is a country song written by Hank Cochran and first recorded (in December 1961) and released (in 1962) as a single by Patsy Cline.
History.
According to the Ellis Nassour biography "Honky Tonk Angel: The Intimate Story of Patsy Cline", writer Hank Cochran remembers calling Cline and telling her that he'd just written her next number 1 hit. She told him to come over to her house with a bottle of liquor and play it on the guitar for her and friend Dottie West who was visiting that afternoon. Cline was emotionally moved by its lyrics and loved the song so much that she learned it that night, calling up her manager and producer to sing it to them over the phone. At her next session, she recorded it. This was a rare instance, as Cline and her producer, Owen Bradley, often disagreed with each other's choice of material. This time, they both agreed they had a hit.
The theme of the song revolves around material possessions of a lost love:
"She's Got You" was written as Cline's follow-up single to her big hits of the previous year, "I Fall to Pieces" and "Crazy". "She's Got You" was released on January 30, 1962, and immediately went to No. 1 on the Hot C&amp;W Sides country chart. and to No. 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also went to number three on the Easy Listening chart. "She's Got You" marked her first hit single in the United Kingdom, where it reached No. 43. The hit led to an appearance on "American Bandstand" with Dick Clark that February and led to Cline having her own show in Las Vegas in the following November. "She's Got You" was followed by a few other minor hits that year, including "Imagine That", "When I Get Thru' With You", "So Wrong", and "Strange".
On August 6, 1962, Cline's third studio album "Sentimentally Yours" was released, featuring "She's Got You".
Personnel.
All credits are adapted from the original liner notes of "Sentimentally Yours".
Legacy.
"She's Got You" has been recorded by numerous artists, including Dean Martin and Brook Benton ("[He's] Got You"); and Ruby and the Rednecks, Rosanne Cash, Ricky Van Shelton, LeAnn Rimes, Timi Yuro, Jimmy Buffett, Lee Ann Womack, Cat Power, Elvis Costello, Loretta Lynn and Rhiannon Giddens.
In 1977, the Loretta Lynn remake was a No. 1 country hit when her tribute album to Cline called "I Remember Patsy" was released.
The song was covered by Don McLean on his 1987 compilation "Greatest Hits Then &amp; Now" as "He's Got You". McLean's version peaked at number 73 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="7053906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053906" title="Buffalo buffalo">
Buffalo buffalo



</doc>
<doc id="7053918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053918" title="Float Away with the Friday Night Gods">
Float Away with the Friday Night Gods

Float Away With the Friday Night Gods (FAWTFNG) is an album by the band Marah, released in 2002.
The Bielanko Brothers were joined by Jamie Mahon and Jon Kois of The Three 4 Tens.
In 2005, the band released the demos of the FAWTFNG sessions on its PHIdelity label.

</doc>
<doc id="7053920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053920" title="Donald Earl Degrate">
Donald Earl Degrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053925" title="List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients">
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was first awarded in the American Civil War (April 1861 – May 1865). President Abraham Lincoln signed a bill containing a provision for the medal for the Navy on December 21, 1861. It was "to be bestowed upon such petty officers, seamen, landsmen, and Marines as shall most distinguish themselves by their gallantry and other seamanlike qualities during the present war". Legislation to include the Army was signed into law on July 12, 1862.
While the Medal of Honor is now the highest military decoration attainable by a member of the United States armed forces, during the Civil War, it was the "only" one. Thus, it was often awarded for reasons that would not now satisfy the stringent modern criteria. For example, Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton promised a Medal of Honor to every man in the 27th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment who extended his enlistment. 311 accepted, but because there was no official list of their names, the War Department issued 864 - one for each man in the unit. In 1916, a board consisting of five retired generals reviewed Army awards and recommended that these 864, as well as others, be revoked.
Of the 3,464 Medals of Honor awarded to date, 1,522 were awarded during the American Civil War. The first Medals of Honor were given to many of the participants of the Andrews' Raid, some posthumously. Andrews himself was a civilian and thus ineligible at the time. Mary Edwards Walker, a surgeon, became the only woman (and one of only eight civilians) awarded a Medal of Honor; it was later revoked, and then reinstated. At least thirty-two were awarded to African Americans, including sixteen sailors of the Union Navy, sixteen soldiers of the United States Colored Troops, and three soldiers of other Army units. It was common for Civil War Medals of Honor to be awarded decades after the conflict ended and in one case, Andrew Jackson Smith's Medal was not awarded until 2001, 137 years after the action in which he earned it. Smith's wait, caused by a missing battle report, was the longest delay of the award for any recipient, until November 6, 2014, when President Obama awarded the Medal of Honor to Union Army First Lieutenant Alonzo Cushing for his actions at the Battle of Gettysburg, taking the longest delay of the award to 151 years. This record was broken again on July 3, 2024, when President Biden awarded the Medal of Honor to Union Army soldiers Philip G. Shadrach and George D. Wilson, two of the Andrews Raiders of April 12, 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="7053934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053934" title="Donald Earle DeGrate">
Donald Earle DeGrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053938" title="Second Winter">
Second Winter

Second Winter is the third studio album by Texas blues guitarist Johnny Winter, released in 1969. The original plan was to edit the songs from the recording session into one album but it was later thought that all the recordings were good enough to be released. The album was released as a "three-sided" LP, with a blank fourth side on the original vinyl. Two more songs, "Tell the Truth" and "Early in the Morning" were left unfinished but released on a 2004 re-release of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="7053941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053941" title="Centre-Péninsule-Saint-Saveur">
Centre-Péninsule-Saint-Saveur



</doc>
<doc id="7053946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053946" title="Plateau (song)">
Plateau (song)

"Plateau" is a song by alternative rock band the Meat Puppets, written by vocalist and guitarist, Curt Kirkwood. It appears on the band's second album, "Meat Puppets II", released by SST Records in April 1984.
The song was popularized when Curt and his brother, Meat Puppets vocalist and bassist Cris Kirkwood, performed it with American rock band Nirvana at their "MTV Unplugged" appearance in November 1993.
Composition.
Matthew Blackwell of "Pitchfork" wrote that the song's lyrics describe "striving toward the afterlife as scaling a grand plateau where 'holy ghosts and talk show hosts are planted in the sand/To beautify the foothills and shake the many hands.' But our narrator remains unbothered; he knows that 'there’s nothing on the top but a bucket and a mop/And an illustrated book about birds,' nothing to meet the newly deceased at their goal other than mundanity."
Reception.
The song was included in "The Pitchfork 500", a book published by online music publication "Pitchfork" in 2008, featuring their list of the "greatest songs" from 1977 to 2006.
Nirvana version.
"Plateau" was one of three songs from "Meat Puppets II", along with "Oh, Me," and "Lake of Fire," covered by Nirvana at their "MTV Unplugged" concert at Sony Music Studios in New York City on November 23, 1993. All three songs featured Curt on lead guitar and Cris on bass and backing vocals, alongside Nirvana vocalist and guitarist Kurt Cobain on vocals, Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselic on second guitar, and Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl on drums.
An edited version of the show, including "Plateau" and "Lake of Fire" but not "Oh, Me," was first broadcast in December 1993. It was aired repeatedly by MTV and other video channels following Cobain's suicide in April 1994. A more complete version of the show, featuring all 14 complete songs performed, was released on the live album, "MTV Unplugged in New York", in November 1994, which opened at number one on the Billboard 200. A DVD of the unedited performance was released in 2007, which also featured footage of the Kirkwood brothers rehearsing "Plateau" with Nirvana prior to the show.
Personnel.
Personnel are taken from the 25th anniversary edition of MTV Unplugged in New York
Additional personnel 
Legacy.
The title of the June 2006 debut album by English rapper Plan B, "Who Needs Actions When You Got Words", was taken from a lyric from the song. The Nirvana version was sampled on his 2007 mixtape, "Paint It Blacker: The Bootleg Album".

</doc>
<doc id="7053952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053952" title="Donald Earle Degrate">
Donald Earle Degrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053960" title="Carol Stephenson">
Carol Stephenson

Carol Stephenson, OC is a Canadian business executive and the recently retired dean of the Ivey Business School at the University of Western Ontario.
Career.
Born in Petrolia, Ontario, Stephenson began her career at Bell Canada in 1973, after graduating from the University of Toronto with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She rose to become an executive in the corporation in 1988 and held various senior positions at the company, including Vice President of Bell Canada and President and Chief Operating Officer (Americas) of BCE Media. She then served as Group Vice President, Strategic Guidance and, from 1995 to 1998, President and CEO of Stentor Resource Centre Inc. (now the Stentor Alliance). She was President and CEO of Lucent Technologies Canada from 1999 to 2003. She joined the Richard Ivey School of Business in 2003.
The 2010 Ontario Salary Disclosure listed her salary at $405,000 CAD, making her the second highest paid employee at the University of Western Ontario, trailing only the president.
Recognition and awards.
The Canadian Women in Communications Association named her Woman of the Year in 1995. In 2000, Ryerson University awarded her an honorary doctorate in engineering. In 2001, she received the Woman of Distinction designation from the YWCA, and in 2005, Stephenson was inducted into the Hall of Fame of the Canadian Information Productivity Awards for her contribution in building a competitive telecommunications industry in Canada. In 2012, she was inducted into the London and District Business Hall of Fame in London, Ontario.
In 2009, she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for her contributions to the development of our national telecommunications industry and for implementing innovative changes to business school education in Canada".
Board and committee appointments.
She was named to the board of directors of the post-bankruptcy General Motors in July 2009 as a representative of Canada Holdings, and had previously served on the board of General Motors Canada. She also serves as a director of Intact Financial Services (formerly ING Canada) and was previously a director of the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan.
From 2005 to 2007, Stephenson was a member of the Prime Minister's Advisory Council on Science and Technology and is a former Chair of the Ontario Research Fund Advisory Board.
From 2015 to 2019, she was chair of the Board of Directors for the Trillium Network for Advanced Manufacturing, in London, Ontario.
Education.
Along with her Bachelor of Arts degree, Stephenson completed the Executive Program at the Graduate School of Business Administration, University of California at Berkeley in 1989, and the six-week Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="7053967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053967" title="Donald Degrate">
Donald Degrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053969" title="Punch Miller">
Punch Miller

Ernest Miller, also known as Punch Miller or Kid Punch Miller (June 10, 1894 – December 2, 1971), was an American traditional jazz trumpeter.
Miller was born in Raceland, Louisiana, United States. He was known in New Orleans, Louisiana, where he was based from 1919 to 1927, when he moved to Chicago. In Chicago he worked with various bands, including those of Jelly Roll Morton and Tiny Parham, and appeared on a number of recordings. He is also confirmed to be the cornettist on the Gennett recordings of the obscure ensemble King Mutt and his Tennessee Thumpers.
His lifestyle and the decline of Dixieland Jazz led to his falling out of the limelight. This changed with the rising importance of the Preservation Hall Jazz Band and he returned to national attention.
He returned to New Orleans, playing at Preservation Hall and leading a band under his own name, in addition to playing with other groups.
In 1963, he toured Japan with the clarinetist George Lewis.
Miller was the subject of the television documentary "Til the Butcher Cuts Him Down".

</doc>
<doc id="7053973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053973" title="Siege of Toyama">
Siege of Toyama

The siege of Toyama was a battle during the Azuchi-Momoyama period (16th century) of Japan.
History.
During the late summer of August 1585, Toyotomi Hideyoshi had led his army of around 100,000 soldiers against Sassa Narimasa, a once former ally many years past. 
During the siege of Toyama, Toyotomi's senior commander Maeda Toshinaga would play a very prominent role within the overall attack. In the end, Narimasa's defence was shattered, thus allowing Toyotomi supremacy over Etchu province.

</doc>
<doc id="7053974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053974" title="Donald DeGrate">
Donald DeGrate



</doc>
<doc id="7053979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053979" title="Thomas C. Devin">
Thomas C. Devin



</doc>
<doc id="7053980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053980" title="Kentucky Route 168">
Kentucky Route 168

Kentucky Route 168 is a two-lane route extending from US 23 in Westwood to the US 23/60 multiplex in Catlettsburg. Its southern end point in Catlettsburg was originally at the underpass where Walnut and Louisa Streets once split. In 1971, the former ending was truncated to its present location due to the re-routing of U.S. 23 around downtown Catlettsburg. Once inside the city of Ashland, it traverses three different surface streets known as Valley View Drive, Blackburn Avenue and South Belmont Street via a series of turns, mainly within the South Ashland residential district. In Ashland, it crosses 13th Street (US 60) at an intersection locally known as Community.
Route description.
KY 168 begins at an intersection with US 23/US 60 in Catlettsburg, heading west on two-lane undivided Paul F. Purvis Road. The route heads through forested areas with sparse development, curving northwest before winding to the north. The road becomes Catletts Creek Road before it enters Ashland and continues northwest as Valley View Drive. KY 168 passes through more forests before heading north into wooded residential neighborhoods and intersecting the northern terminus of KY 1012. The route turns west onto Blackburn Avenue and passes more homes, curving northwest and passing a few businesses. The road continues through residential and commercial areas as it comes to an intersection with US 60. KY 168 continues north through more of Ashland before curving northwest and crossing a CSX railroad line, at which point it heads into Westwood and becomes Wheatley Road. The route passes through residential and commercial areas, turning northeast onto Hoods Creek Pike. KY 168 heads through wooded areas with some development and comes to its northern terminus at US 23.

</doc>
<doc id="7053987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053987" title="Virginia Jaramillo">
Virginia Jaramillo

Virginia Jaramillo Flores is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Party of the Democratic Revolution.
In 1997, she was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Federal District as a local deputy for the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), and during her term of office, she served on several legislative committees.
Jaramillo has subsequently served as Borough Mayor ("Jefe Delegacional") of Delegación Cuauthtémoc (2003–2006).

</doc>
<doc id="7053988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053988" title="Body fat content">
Body fat content



</doc>
<doc id="7053991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053991" title="Energy Technologies Institute">
Energy Technologies Institute

The Energy Technologies Institute (ETI) was a public-private partnership between global energy and engineering companies and the UK Government that was established in the United Kingdom in 2007. The government set up the ETI following an announcement in the 2006 budget speech. The purpose of the ETI is to “accelerate the development, demonstration and eventual commercial deployment of a focused portfolio of energy technologies, which will increase energy efficiency, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and help achieve energy and climate change goals”. The institute works with a range of academic and commercial bodies.
Deployment of the technologies involved, which are expected to contribute to the reduction of the UK's carbon emissions, is expected to begin around 2018.
Commentators generally welcomed the new body as likely to make a positive contribution in the efforts to minimise climate change. At the same time, they pointed to the slow pace of government action in promoting energy conservation and implementing existing low-carbon technologies, compared to progress in a number of other European countries.
Funding.
In addition to initial funding for the ETI, the Department for Business will provide £50 million a year over a period of 10 years starting in 2008–09. When establishing the ETI, the government expected the separate Energy Research Partnership to raise matching funding from commercial organisations.
As of September 2006 EDF Energy, Shell, BP and E.ON UK had committed to providing funds. By 2014, this had grown to include Caterpillar and Rolls-Royce.
Objectives.
Five objectives were set for the institute:
The ETI describes as its vision: "Affordable, secure, sustainable energy for present and future generations."
Research focus.
The institute set out to focus research on a mixture of technologies.
As of 2014, the ETI states that typically it supports projects that:
At the same time, the institute focuses on a mix of technologies to increase security of supply, and solutions to address fuel poverty.
In 2017 the ETI started the Nuclear Cost Drivers Project, which aims to identify cost reductions in nuclear power plant design, construction and operation, so enabling more widespread deployment of new nuclear.
Background.
Historically, since the privatisation of the country's energy industries, public sector support for energy research and development in the UK has come from a variety of bodies with little co-ordination between them. Problems experienced as a result of this included poor continuity of funding, and the availability of funding for certain parts of the research-development-commercialisation process but not others. Funding levels have also been low by international standards.
Location.
In September 2007, it was announced that the Midlands Consortium had been chosen to host the ETI. The consortium comprises the Universities of Birmingham, Loughborough and Nottingham with financial support from Advantage West Midlands and the East Midlands Development Agency. 
The hub of the ETI is based at Loughborough University, on the Holywell Park area of the campus, at the heart of the university's Science and Enterprise Park.
Closure.
In December 2019, after 12 years in operation, the ETI was closed. Data and findings from the ETI will continue to be available online through the programme pages until 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="7054003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054003" title="Yumiko Igarashi">
Yumiko Igarashi

 is a Japanese manga artist. She is best known for illustrating the manga series "Candy Candy".
Career.
In 1968, as a third-year high school student at the Asahi Gaoka High School in Sapporo, Hokkaido, Igarashi made her debut in Shueisha's "Ribon" manga magazine with "Shiroi Same no iru Shima". She won the 1st Kodansha Manga Award in 1977 as the artist of "Candy Candy".
In the late 1990s, Igarashi became involved in a number of legal battles related to her intellectual property rights as an illustrator. Igarashi claimed that in series for which she was the illustrator, she should hold sole intellectual property rights to the portrayals of the characters, and not need the consent of her authors to license merchandise based on their likenesses. In a dispute over the "Candy Candy" character designs in 1999, the court ruled against Igarashi, stating that both she and writer Kyoko Mizuki held equal rights to the characters, and awarded Mizuki reparations equal to 3% royalties on all the merchandise that had been created without her consent. This legal battle paralyzed the franchise for several years, interfering with Toei's production of a "Candy Candy" anime, and making the creation of new merchandise difficult due to the court's order that all merchandise be approved by both Igarashi and Mizuki. A trickle of new merchandise was produced in 2004, suggesting some agreement had been reached.
Personal life.
Igarashi is a resident of Sapporo, Hokkaido. Satsuki Igarashi, a member of the manga circle Clamp, is her cousin.
Igarashi married voice actor Kazuhiko Inoue and they later divorced. They have a son named Keiichi Igarashi (born 1981), known professionally as Nanami Igarashi, who is a former idol-trainee at Johnny &amp; Associates and published a comic essay about his experiences as an in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7054004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054004" title="Draw the Line (song)">
Draw the Line (song)

"Draw the Line" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was written by Steven Tyler and Joe Perry, and was released in 1977 as the first single (and title track) from the album "Draw the Line". It peaked at number 42 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was included on their album "Greatest Hits".
Composition.
The song encompasses many of the typical things Aerosmith is known for, including the strong rhythm backbeat by Tom Hamilton and Joey Kramer, along with the back-and-forth interplay between guitarists Joe Perry and Brad Whitford. The song slows down before building to a climax showcasing Steven Tyler's trademark scream.
In concert.
Lately in concert, however, the chief focus is on lead guitarist Joe Perry, who plays an extended guitar solo before the song's climax, and makes use of the open tuning used for the song by performing a number of tricks made possible by said tuning. These include placing the guitar on the floor and beating it with his shirt and having drummer Joey Kramer beat a rhythm over the strings with his drumsticks. The song appears as a hidden track on "Live! Bootleg" following their cover of James Brown's "Mother Popcorn".
On more recent tours, he has also been known to employ a theremin in an extended breakdown of the song, often imitating Jimmy Page's use of one in Led Zeppelin's heyday. The band often follow with a brief snippet of Zeppelin's "Whole Lotta Love" before returning into the song.
B-side.
"Bright Light Fright", sung by Joe Perry, also from the "Draw The Line" album appears as the B-side on most versions of the single. A later Columbia "Hall Of Fame" single pairs "Draw The Line" with Chip Away the Stone, a standalone 1978 single that did not appear on an LP until 1988's Gems.
Covers and remixes.
Thrash metal band Testament recorded a cover of "Draw the Line" for a greatest hits compilation, making it the second Aerosmith song they have covered, the first being "Nobody's Fault".
Jeff Keith, Tommy Skeoch, Tony Levin and Eric Singer covered the song for the Aerosmith tribute album "Not the Same Old Song and Dance" (Eagle Records, 1999).
A stereo remix is on "Pandora's Box" and the "O, Yeah! Ultimate Aerosmith Hits" compilation.
Pearl Jam performed a cover of the song for the first time at their August 5, 2016 show at Boston's Fenway Park.

</doc>
<doc id="7054007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054007" title="20,000 Streets Under the Sky (album)">
20,000 Streets Under the Sky (album)

20,000 Streets Under the Sky is an album by the band Marah, released in 2004.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7054010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054010" title="James Howe">
James Howe

James Howe (born August 2, 1946) is an American children's writer who has written more than 79 juvenile and young adult fiction books. He is best known for the Bunnicula series about a vampire rabbit that sucks the juice out of vegetables.
Biography.
Howe was born in Oneida, New York. At the age of nine or ten, Howe wrote a play based on the "Blondie" comic strip as well as a variety of short stories and self-published newspapers. Of the latter his favorite is "The Gory Gazette" which he made for a self-founded club, Vampire Legion.
Howe continued to write plays during his theater studies at Boston University, and eventually moved to New York City to pursue a career as an actor and model while directing plays and working as a literary agent.
In the mid-1970s, Howe's mother-in-law encouraged him and his wife, Deborah Howe, to create a children's story based on a character the two had created while watching older Dracula movies, which at the time were played late at night on TVs. With his wife, he created "Bunnicula: A Rabbit Tale of Mystery", about a pet rabbit suspected of being a vampire. The book went on to win more than ten Children's Choice awards, including the Dorothy Canfield Fisher Award and the Nene Award, and eventually evolved into a series. Ten months before "Bunnicula" was published Deborah died, inspiring the creation of "The Hospital Book".
In 1981, Howe began writing full-time. In addition to the Bunnicula series, Howe has written picture books, children's novels, nonfiction, adaptations of classic stories, and screenplays for movies and television. In 1997, he published his first young adult novel, "The Watcher". "The Misfits", itself inspired by his child’s difficult experiences in middle school, was the inspiration behind GLSEN's annual No Name-Calling Week.
After the death of his first wife, Howe remarried and had one child. Howe and his second wife divorced after Howe came out as gay.
In 2007, James Howe was the recipient of The E.B. White Read Aloud Award for Picture Books for his book "Houndsley and Catina", illustrated by Marie-Louise Gay, and published by Candlewick Press.
On September 17, 2011, Howe married Mark Davis, a lawyer.
Howe was a consulting producer for the animated adaptation of the books.
Bibliography.
"Bunnicula" series.
Audiobook versions were also released featuring narrators Victor Garber and Patrick Mulvihill.
"Harold and Chester" oversized picture books.
All illustrated by Leslie H. Morrill (except "Rabbit-Cadabra!" which was illustrated by Alan Daniel). 
"Tales from the House of Bunnicula" series.
All illustrated by Brett Helquist. Audiobook versions of many titles in this series were released featuring narrator Joe Grifasi.
"Bunnicula and Friends" a "Ready-To-Read" series.
Many of these titles are re-workings of previously released Bunnicula books rewritten by James Howe for younger readers and featuring new illustrations by Jeff Mack.
"Bunnicula" pop-up book.
One "Bunnicula" related pop-up book was released. It features a unique story and it is illustrated by Alan Daniel and Lea Daniel.
"Bunnicula" activity, fact, and joke books.
All illustrated by Alan Daniel.
"Pinky and Rex" series.
All illustrated by Melissa Sweet.
"Horace and Morris (and Dolores)" series.
All illustrated by Amy Walrod.
"Houndsley and Catina" series.
All illustrated by Marie-Louise Gay.
The Muppets books.
Book based on Jim Henson's "Muppets" and "Muppet Babies":

</doc>
<doc id="7054011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054011" title="Virginia Jaramillo Flores">
Virginia Jaramillo Flores



</doc>
<doc id="7054016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054016" title="Thermomagnetic convection">
Thermomagnetic convection

Ferrofluids can be used to transfer heat, since heat and mass transport in such magnetic fluids can be controlled using an external magnetic field.
B. A. Finlayson first explained in 1970 (in his paper "Convective instability of ferromagnetic fluids", "Journal of Fluid Mechanics", 40:753-767) how an external magnetic field imposed on a ferrofluid with varying magnetic susceptibility, e.g., due to a temperature gradient, results in a nonuniform magnetic body force, which leads to thermomagnetic convection. This form of heat transfer can be useful for cases where conventional convection fails to provide adequate heat transfer, e.g., in miniature microscale devices or under reduced gravity conditions.
Ozoe group has studied thermomagnetic convection both experimentally and numerically. They showed how to enhance, suppress, and invert the convection modes. They have also carried out scaling analysis for paramagnetic fluids in microgravity conditions.
A comprehensive review of thermomagnetic convection (in A. Mukhopadhyay, R. Ganguly, S. Sen, and I. K. Puri, "Scaling analysis to characterize thermomagnetic convection", "International Journal of Heat and Mass Transfer" 48:3485-3492, (2005)) also shows that this form of convection can be correlated with a dimensionless magnetic Rayleigh number. Subsequently, this group explained that fluid motion occurs due to a Kelvin body force with two terms. The first term can be treated as a magnetostatic pressure. In contrast, the second is important only if there is a spatial gradient of the fluid susceptibility, e.g., in a non-isothermal system. The colder fluid that has a larger magnetic susceptibility is attracted towards regions with larger field strength during thermomagnetic convection, which displaces warmer fluid of lower susceptibility. They showed that thermomagnetic convection can be correlated with a dimensionless magnetic Rayleigh number. Heat transfer due to this form of convection can be much more effective than buoyancy-induced convection for systems with small dimensions.
The ferrofluid magnetization depends on the local value of the applied magnetic field H and on the fluid magnetic susceptibility. In a ferrofluid flow encompassing varying temperatures, the susceptibility is a function of the temperature. This produces a force that can be expressed in the Navier–Stokes or momentum equation governing fluid flow as the "Kelvin body force (KBF)". Recently, Kumar et.al shed new light on the 20-plus year-old question of the appropriate tensor form of the Kelvin body force in Ferrofluids. 
The KBF creates a static pressure field that is symmetric about a magnet, e.g., a line dipole, that produces a curl-free force field, i.e., curl(ℑ) = 0 for constant temperature flow. Such a symmetric field does not alter the velocity. However, if the temperature distribution about the imposed magnetic field is asymmetric, so is the KBF in which case curl(ℑ) ≠ 0. Such an asymmetric body force leads to ferrofluid motion across isotherms.

</doc>
<doc id="7054022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054022" title="Ethocybin">
Ethocybin

Ethocybin (code name CEY-19), also known as 4-phosphoryloxy-"N","N"-diethyltryptamine (4-PO-DET), is a homologue of the mushroom alkaloid psilocybin, and a semi-synthetic psychedelic alkaloid of the tryptamine family. 
Pharmacology.
Ethocybin may be dephosphorylated in vivo to 4-HO-DET (ethocin), analogously to how psilocybin is metabolized to psilocin. This chemical reaction takes place under strongly acidic conditions or enzymatically by phosphatases in the body. 4-HO-DET acts as a partial agonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor.
History.
Albert Hofmann was the first to produce ethocybin, soon after his discovery of psilocin and psilocybin. It was first described by 1963. The drug was known under the code name CEY-19.
Legal status.
United States.
Ethocybin is not controlled in the United States, but possession or sale may be considered illegal under the Federal Analog Act.
Research.
Ethocybin has been studied as a treatment for several disorders since the early 1960s, and numerous papers are devoted to this material. Its short-lived action was considered a virtue. A 2010 study found that ethocybin helped with bipolar affective disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="7054024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054024" title="Persha Liha">
Persha Liha



</doc>
<doc id="7054025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054025" title="Brian Kelly (American football coach)">
Brian Kelly (American football coach)

Brian Keith Kelly (born October 25, 1961) is an American college football coach. He is the head football coach at Louisiana State University (LSU), a position he has held since the 2022 season. Kelly served as the head football coach at Grand Valley State University from 1991 to 2003, Central Michigan University from 2004 to 2006, the University of Cincinnati from 2006 to 2009, and the University of Notre Dame from 2010 to 2021. He led the Grand Valley State Lakers to consecutive NCAA Division II Football Championships in 2002 and 2003. Kelly's 2012 Notre Dame team reached the 2013 BCS National Championship Game, while his 2018 and 2020 Fighting Irish teams made appearances in the College Football Playoff.
Early life.
Kelly was born in Everett, Massachusetts and raised in a Catholic Irish-American family in Chelsea, Massachusetts. He attended St. John's Preparatory School in Danvers, Massachusetts. His father was a Boston politician. He was a four-year club football player at Assumption University as a linebacker. After graduating from Assumption in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in political science, he served as linebackers coach, defensive coordinator and softball coach from 1983 to 1986.
Coaching career.
Grand Valley State.
Kelly joined the Grand Valley State University staff in 1987 as a graduate assistant and defensive backs coach for Tom Beck and became the defensive coordinator and recruiting coordinator in 1989. Kelly took over as head coach in 1991. In his final three seasons the Lakers went 41–2, at one point winning 32 consecutive games. The Lakers went 14–0 in 2002 en route to their first national title and went 14–1 in 2003 when they claimed their second national championship. Kelly was named the AFCA Division II Coach of the Year after each of these championship years.
In his 13 years as head coach at Grand Valley State, the Lakers won five conference titles and made six Division II Playoff appearances.
The 2001 Grand Valley team set 77 NCAA, GLIAC, and school records, including the all-time Division II scoring record, averaging 58.4 points per game.
Kelly's record in 13 years at Grand Valley State was 118–35–2.
Central Michigan.
Kelly became the 24th head coach at Central Michigan University after the departure of Mike DeBord following the 2003 season.
2004 season.
Kelly inherited a team with limited success. Central Michigan had won more than three games only once in the previous four seasons. CMU finished with a 4–7 record in 2004.
2005 season.
In Kelly's second year at Central Michigan, he coached the team to a 6–5 record—the first winning season in seven years for the Chippewas.
2006 season.
In his third season, the Chippewas posted a 9–4 record under Kelly en route to winning the MAC Championship over Ohio and qualifying for the Motor City Bowl. At the end of the 2006 season, Kelly left to accept the Cincinnati coaching vacancy three days after CMU won the 2006 MAC Championship. Jeff Quinn was named the interim for Central Michigan's contest in the Motor City Bowl against Middle Tennessee. Kelly's record at Central Michigan in three seasons was 19–16.
Cincinnati.
Kelly was named Cincinnati's head coach on December 3, 2006, following the departure of Mark Dantonio.
2006 season.
In an unusual move, Cincinnati elected not to appoint an interim coach and asked Kelly to assume his duties immediately by coaching the Bearcats in their bowl game. Central Michigan was also preparing for a bowl appearance, so while Kelly was in Cincinnati preparing the Bearcats, much of his staff remained at Central Michigan to coach the Chippewas. Following Central Michigan's 31–14 win in the Motor City Bowl on December 26, most of his staff joined him in Cincinnati, where they went on to coach Cincinnati to a 27–24 victory over Western Michigan University in that year's International Bowl on January 6. Cincinnati's victory gave Kelly the unique distinction of having defeated the same team twice in a season as coach of two different teams (Central Michigan had defeated Western Michigan 31–7 earlier that season).
2007 season.
In his first full season, Kelly led Cincinnati to a competitive position in the Big East; the Bearcats' second ever 10-win season (its first since 1949); and a top-25 ranking. On December 5, 2007, Kelly was named Big East Coach of the Year after leading the Bearcats to a 9–3 record. Coach Kelly later led the Bearcats to a 31–21 victory in the PapaJohns.com Bowl over Southern Miss.
2008 season.
In 2008, Kelly led Cincinnati to its first ever outright Big East title with key wins over #20 West Virginia and #20 Pittsburgh. The Bearcats had never defeated either team in Big East conference play. Kelly also became the first coach to win all three of the Bearcats' traveling trophies— the Victory Bell (Miami [OH]), the Keg of Nails (Louisville), and the River City Rivalry Trophy (Pitt). The Bearcats played in the Orange Bowl versus the ACC champion, #21 Virginia Tech on January 1, 2009, but lost 20–7. He won Big East Coach of the Year for the 2008 season.
2009 season.
After beginning the 2009 season unranked in all polls, Kelly's Bearcats reeled off 12 straight victories and finished the regular season undefeated. Going into the bowl season, they were ranked #3 in the BCS Standings and faced the Florida Gators in the Sugar Bowl. Kelly did not coach the team in the 51–24 loss to the Florida Gators because of his departure to Notre Dame.
Among the honors that Cincinnati football achieved in 2009 was the highest academic rating among teams in the top 10 of the current BCS standings, according to the 2009 Graduation Success Rates, released Wednesday, November 18, by the NCAA. Cincinnati, which was fifth in the BCS standings, checked in with a 75 percent NCAA graduation rate and a 71 percent federal government rate, the only team in the BCS top 10 to surpass the 70 percent plateau in both. He won Big East Coach of the Year for the third time. In addition, he won the Home Depot Coach of the Year.
Kelly finished his tenure at Cincinnati with a 34–6 record. He finished second in school history in wins.
Notre Dame.
In December 2009, Kelly agreed to replace Charlie Weis as Notre Dame's head coach. On December 10, Kelly announced that he had taken the position at Notre Dame. He made the decision not to coach the Bearcats in the Sugar Bowl on January 1, 2010, which the Bearcats lost in a blowout to the University of Florida Gators.
2010 season.
In 2010, Kelly beat Purdue 23–12 in his first game at Notre Dame but lost to Michigan 28–24 the following week. In the following game, they lost on a fake field goal in overtime against Michigan State 34–31. His team lost again at home against #16 Stanford before beating Boston College to put the Irish at 2–3. On October 9, Kelly led the Fighting Irish to a 23–17 win over Pitt, snapping Notre Dame's 2-game losing streak to the Panthers taking the Irish to a 3–3 record on the season.
In late October, Declan Sullivan, a student videographer, was killed during practice when the hydraulic lift he was using collapsed due to high winds. Kelly acknowledged it was his decision to hold practice outdoors that day. The University was fined $77,500 by the Indiana Occupational Health and Safety Administration for safety violations related to the incident.
Kelly led Notre Dame to a 44–20 win over Western Michigan to extend the Irish's winning streak to three games. The next week they faced Navy, losing 35–17 to drop to 4–4 overall.
When the Irish faced Tulsa, they were upset 28–27. They sent out second string quarterback Tommy Rees who threw an interception with 30 seconds left in the game as the Irish had driven to the Tulsa 28-yard line and a potential game-winning field goal attempt. Two weeks later Notre Dame played against No. 15 Utah, who was heavily favored. Utah was leading 3–0 early, but a special teams touchdown after a deflected punt and three Rees touchdown passes lifted the Notre Dame lead to 28–3. The victory over Utah gave Kelly a 5–5 record. Notre Dame followed that win up with a 27–3 victory over Army to make Kelly and the Fighting Irish bowl eligible. In the final game of the season, Notre Dame snapped an 8-game losing streak against its rival USC, winning 20–16 due to a strong defensive display, despite four turnovers by the Fighting Irish's offense. Kelly's first Fighting Irish team was invited to play in the Sun Bowl, where they beat Miami 33–17.
2011 season.
In 2011, Notre Dame returned numerous starters from the previous year and was thought to be in contention for a BCS bowl bid. However, in the opening game against South Florida, Notre Dame outgained its opponent 508–254 in yardage but lost 23–20 due to five turnovers (most within scoring range). The next week the Irish built a 24–7 lead against its rival Michigan but lost yet again 35–31 due to five turnovers.
The following week the Irish defeated #15 Michigan State 31–13; the one-sided victory over the Spartans was the first of four wins in a row until the USC Trojans came to South Bend. The Fighting Irish were behind early in the game but were driving toward an apparent tie when a fumbled snap on the Trojan three-yard line was returned by USC for a touchdown. Notre Dame never recovered, turning the ball over three times in the loss.
Notre Dame then went on its second four-game win streak until losing to #4 Stanford 28–14 in the regular season finale. At 8–4, the Irish secured a bid to the Champs Sports Bowl, where they played Florida State. Against Florida State, Notre Dame again built a lead (14–3 after three quarters) but lost 18–14 due to three crucial turnovers, ending the season with an 8–5 record.
2012 season.
Notre Dame opened their 2012 season with a special season opener in Dublin, Ireland. In the game, they defeated Navy 50–10. Notre Dame won their week 2 game against Purdue at home, winning 20–17, on a field goal by sophomore Kyle Brindza. In week 3, Notre Dame defeated #10 Michigan State by a score of 20–3. In week 4, #11 Notre Dame defeated #18 Michigan by a score of 13–6, recovering six turnovers in the process. The Irish defeated Miami, #17 Stanford, and BYU before playing Oklahoma. At 7–0, Notre Dame traveled to Norman and defeated #8 Oklahoma 30–13, only the fifth home loss for the Sooners under Bob Stoops. On November 3, the Irish narrowly avoided an upset by beating Pittsburgh 29–26 in three overtimes. Notre Dame had rallied from a fourth quarter deficit of 14 points to tie the game late in regulation. On November 10, #4 ranked Notre Dame traveled to Boston College and faced a team known for spoiling Notre Dame perfect seasons. Notre Dame won 21–6, not allowing Boston College to score a touchdown and improving to 10–0. On November 17, Notre Dame went undefeated at home for the first time since 1998 with a 38–0 victory over Wake Forest. On November 18, following the losses of #1 Kansas State and #2 Oregon, Notre Dame was voted the #1 team in the nation for the first time since 1993 and was #1 in the BCS rankings for the first time ever. With a 22–13 defeat of USC, Notre Dame finished the regular season 12–0. On Monday, January 7, 2013, Kelly and the Fighting Irish lost, 42–14, to the Alabama Crimson Tide in the 2013 BCS National Championship Game. Kelly's Irish finished the season ranked #3 in the USA Today Coaches poll and #4 in the Associated Press Top 25 poll. In 2014, Notre Dame discovered that an athletic trainer had provided impermissible help to eight players during this and the following season. Notre Dame reported this violation to the NCAA, and was then controversially forced on November 22, 2016, to vacate all of their 2012 (and 2013) victories, finishing the season with an adjusted record of 0–1, after the NCAA rejected Notre Dame's appeal on February 13, 2018. Kelly earned AFCA Coach of the Year, AP Coach of the Year, Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year, Bear Bryant Coach of the Year, Walter Camp Coach of the Year, and Home Depot Coach of the Year for his 2012 season.
2013 season.
The Spring of the 2013 season saw Notre Dame lose its starting quarterback Everett Golson for academic violations(later revealed to be cheating on a test) leading Brian Kelly to name Tommy Rees as the starting quarterback. Notre Dame opened the season playing Temple and won 28–6. The following week was against Michigan in Ann Arbor with Notre Dame losing 30–41. Due to academic violations, Notre Dame was controversially forced on November 22, 2016, to vacate all nine of their 2013 victories, finishing the season with an adjusted record of 0–4, after the NCAA rejected Notre Dame's appeal on February 13, 2018.
2014 season.
In 2014, #17 Notre Dame started off the season with a 48–17 victory over Rice. In the next game, they defeated Michigan by a score of 31–0. The team won their next four games to go to 6–0 and a #5 ranking. The Irish dropped their matchup with #2 Florida State 31–27. The Irish closed the season by losing four of the next five games before upsetting LSU 31–28 in the Music City Bowl to finish 8–5.
2015 season.
Notre Dame started the season with a #11 ranking in the AP Poll. They opened their 2015 season against Texas with a 38–3 win. During the game, starting running back Tarean Folston sustained an injury to his right knee ending his season. In the following game against Virginia, starting quarterback Malik Zaire suffered a broken ankle leading to DeShone Kizer finishing the game for Notre Dame. Kizer remained the Notre Dame quarterback for the rest of the season, a campaign in which the Irish won 10 games against 3 losses, the latter including a loss to #7 Ohio State in the Fiesta Bowl.
2016 season.
Notre Dame's season started with #10 ranking in the AP Poll. Their first game was a back-and-forth 2OT 50–47 loss to Texas. Kelly's Irish lost three games in which they held a double-digit first-half lead, while also losing three games to teams who were not bowl-eligible in 2016. In particular, Kelly faced criticism after a 10–3 loss to NC State. In this game, Kelly called 31 passing plays in Hurricane Matthew, resulting in 17 incompletions, five sacks, and only 113 yards of total offense. Notre Dame brought about a change in their defense by firing their defensive coordinator Brian VanGorder after a 38–35 home loss to Duke. In 2016, Notre Dame finished 4–8, which was its worst record in a decade.
2017 season.
The Irish were considered to be playoff contenders for the majority of the season despite a 20–19 early loss to the Georgia Bulldogs, who went on to win the SEC Championship. The Irish continued to do well on the strength of running back and Heisman Trophy hopeful Josh Adams's performance. The Irish were 8–1 before dropping two of their last three games to Miami and Stanford. In 2017, the Irish bounced back from a 4–8 season by going 10–3, including a win over the #16 LSU Tigers in the Citrus Bowl. The team had two offensive linemen drafted in the top 10 of the 2018 NFL draft, Quenton Nelson by the Indianapolis Colts and Mike McGlinchey by the San Francisco 49ers.
2018 season.
The Irish opened the 2018 season at home against Michigan and won, 24–17. The Irish then won the remainder of their regular season games, including victories over #7 Stanford, #24 Virginia Tech, #12 Syracuse, and Northwestern. This led to Notre Dame's first undefeated regular season since 2012. They were ranked #3 in the nation by the College Football Playoff committee as of December 2, 2018, and selected to play in the College Football Playoff Semifinal at the Goodyear Cotton Bowl Classic against Clemson on December 29, 2018. Notre Dame's undefeated streak came to an end after losing to Clemson 30–3 to finish the season at 12–1. He was named AP Coach of the Year and Home Depot Coach of the Year for the 2018 season.
2019 season.
Kelly and the Fighting Irish started off the season with a #9 ranking in the AP Poll. Notre Dame won their first two games before dropping a 23–17 result to #3 Georgia. Notre Dame won their next three games before dropping a 45–14 game to #19 Michigan. Notre Dame closed out the regular season with victories in their last five games. Notre Dame won the Camping World Bowl 33–9 over Iowa State.
2020 season.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the cancellation of regular season scheduled games, Notre Dame joined the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in football for a single season and played a full slate of conference matches. The Irish won all ten of their games, including a mid-season contest against perennial conference power and top-ranked Clemson. The Fighting Irish defeated the Tigers 47–40 in 2OT However, Clemson defeated the Irish in a rematch in the ACC Championship Game 34–10. He was named as the ACC Coach of the Year. Notre Dame qualified for the College Football Playoff as the #4-seed. In the College Football Playoff Semifinals against Alabama at the Rose Bowl, Notre Dame lost 31–14 to give Kelly a 10–2 mark in the 2020 season.
2021 season.
In Kelly's 11th season, the Fighting Irish were ranked in the top 10 after a playoff appearance in 2020. However, they struggled in their first two games, beating Florida State 41–38 and Toledo 32–29 before winning over Purdue 27–13 and 18th-ranked Wisconsin at Soldier Field 41–13. Following a 24–13 loss to #7 Cincinnati, Kelly helped lead the Fighting Irish to a seven-game winning streak to finish the season. After finishing the regular season with eleven wins and one loss, Kelly resigned from his position at Notre Dame in order to become the head coach of the LSU Tigers football team.
Kelly finished his tenure at Notre Dame with a 92–39 record.
LSU.
On November 30, 2021, Kelly was named the 33rd head coach at Louisiana State University (LSU), replacing Ed Orgeron. Kelly cited "wanting to be with the best" and "the commitment to excellence, rich traditions, and unrivaled pride and passion of LSU Football" for the move.
His contract more than tripled his previous salary, from his 2021 salary of $2.67 million to $9 million in 2022.
2022 season.
Kelly made his LSU debut in a 24–23 loss to the Florida State Seminoles in New Orleans where a potential game-tying kick to send the contest to overtime was blocked by the Seminoles. He won his first game with LSU in the following game, a 65–17 victory over Southern. The win over Southern started a four-game winning streak for the Tigers, which was snapped against #8 Tennessee. Following the Tennessee game, LSU went on a five-game winning streak, which included a 45–20 victory over #7 Ole Miss and a 32–31 down-to-the-wire overtime victory over #6 Alabama. Despite a loss to Texas A&amp;M to finish the regular season, LSU won the SEC West. In the SEC Championship against #1 Georgia, LSU lost 50–30. In the Citrus Bowl, LSU defeated Purdue 63–7 to give Kelly a 10–4 record in his first season with the Tigers. In the game, LSU set new Citrus Bowl records for most points scored (63), largest margin of victory (56), and total offensive yards (594). The Tigers finished with a #16 ranking in the final Associated Press poll.
2023 season.
Kelly and the Tigers started the 2023 season with a #5 ranking in the AP Poll. LSU dropped the season opener to #8 Florida State 45–24. LSU won three consecutive games before losing to #20 Ole Miss 55–49. Following another three-game winning streak, which saw LSU defeat previously-undefeated Missouri 49–39, the Tigers lost 42–28 to Alabama. The Tigers finished out the regular season with another three-game winning streak to set up a ReliaQuest Bowl matchup with Wisconsin. LSU defeated Wisconsin 35–31 to give Kelly a 10–3 finish to the 2023 season.
2024 season.
Kelly entered his third season as the Tigers head coach with LSU ranked 13th in the preseason AP Poll. He lost his third season opener with the Tigers to the USC Trojans 27–20. He led the team to a 8–4 regular season mark, which included a win over Ole Miss. The Tigers defeated Baylor in the Texas Bowl 44–31.
Personal life.
Kelly and his wife, Paqui, have three children. Paqui, after surviving breast cancer, went on to start the Kelly Cares Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="7054040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054040" title="Dorsal nerve of the clitoris">
Dorsal nerve of the clitoris

The dorsal nerve of the clitoris is a nerve in females that branches off the pudendal nerve to innervate the clitoris. The nerve is important for female sexual pleasure, and it may play a role in clitoral erections.
It travels from below the inferior pubic ramus to the suspensory ligament of the clitoris. At its thickest, the DNC is in diameter, visible to the naked eye during dissection. The DNC splits into two nerve branches on either side of the midline, closely following the crura of the clitoris.
Some surgeries—for example, sling surgeries to treat female urinary incontinence—can damage the DNC, causing a loss of sensation in the clitoris. Understanding the nerve is important for urologists and gynecologists who may operate on organs near the DNC.
The dorsal nerve of the clitoris is analogous to the dorsal nerve of the penis in males. It is a terminal branch of the pudendal nerve.

</doc>
<doc id="7054041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054041" title="Kajii Motojiro">
Kajii Motojiro



</doc>
<doc id="7054048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054048" title="The Dream of a Ridiculous Man">
The Dream of a Ridiculous Man

"The Dream of a Ridiculous Man" (, "Son smeshnogo cheloveka") is a short story by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It chronicles the experiences of a man who decides that there is nothing of any value in the world. Slipping into nihilism with "terrible anguish", he is determined to commit suicide. However, after a chance encounter with a young girl, he begins an inner journey that re-instills a love for his fellow man. The story first appeared in Dostoevsky's self-published monthly journal "A Writer's Diary" in 1877.
According to literary theorist and Dostoevsky scholar Mikhail Bakhtin, "The Dream of a Ridiculous Man" is a modern manifestation of the ancient literary genre Menippean satire, and touches on almost all the themes characteristic of Dostoevsky's large-scale works.
Plot summary.
The story opens with the narrator wandering the streets of St. Petersburg. He is contemplating the ridiculousness of his own life, and his recent realization that nothing matters to him any more. It is this revelation that leads him to the idea of suicide. He reveals that, some months before, he had bought a revolver with the intent of shooting himself in the head.
Despite a dismal night, the narrator looks up to the sky and views a solitary star. For some reason, seeing this star finally confirms his intention to kill himself and he resolves definitely to do it that night. As he is gazing at the star, a young girl seizes him by the elbow, distressed and seeking his help. He notices that, despite the cold, she is flimsily dressed and soaking wet. Although not able to understand her trembling voice, he gathers that something terrible has happened to the girl's mother. She tries to get him to follow her but he rebuffs her, and when she desperately persists, he stamps his foot and shouts at her.
Back at his apartment, he sinks into a chair and places the gun on a table next to him. He hesitates to shoot himself because of a nagging sense of pity and inner pain that has plagued him since he shunned the little girl. He cannot understand how it can be affecting him so deeply when he has already definitively decided that nothing matters and that he will soon be shooting himself. He intently ponders this and other questions growing out of it, but he still has no doubt that the suicide will happen that night. Unexpectedly, however, he falls asleep.
He descends into a vivid dream. In the dream, he shoots himself in the heart. He dies, but feels no pain from the shot and is still aware of his surroundings. He gathers that there is a funeral and that it is he who is being buried. After an indeterminate amount of time in his cold grave, indifferent and expecting nothing, water begins to drip down onto his left eyelid. Deep indignation arises in his heart and he suddenly feels the physical pain from the gunshot. With his whole being he cries out a prayer to the One who governs all things: His grave is suddenly opened by an unknown and shadowy figure. This figure pulls him up from his grave, and the two soar through the sky and into space. After flying through space for a long time, they arrive at a star that is exactly like the Earth's Sun. The shadowy companion indicates a small planet, and as they approach it the narrator is ecstatic to see that it is exactly like the Earth. He wonders rapturously whether it also contains the same suffering, and ungrateful, but eternally beloved, children as the Earth that he had abandoned.
He is then placed on what appears to be an idyllic Greek island, where he at once senses an atmosphere of unsullied peace and beauty. He is lovingly welcomed by radiant, joyous people, each of whom wish only to love him and free him from suffering. They are happy, fearless, sinless people who live in communion with the trees and the stars and all the natural world around them. He finds that there is "only a love that seemed to multiply to the point of rapture, but a rapture that was calm, contemplative, and complete". The people fulfill all the natural functions of life, including death, but with serene acceptance and even a kind of ecstatic celebration. He is amazed at the grace and ease with which they are able to love a person like himself, so full of a darkness that they have never known. He lives among them for a long time, and although there are aspects of their all-encompassing spiritual freedom and joy that he cannot fathom, he senses its essence with his heart, and loves and worships them unreservedly. 
One day he accidentally teaches the inhabitants how to lie. Somehow, from something he said – perhaps even in jest –, an "atom of falsehood penetrated their hearts and pleased them". This begins the corruption of the utopia. The lies engender sensuality, which gives birth to jealousy, cruelty and pride. They come to know shame, and shame is elevated as a virtue. They begin to separate from each other, and lose their unity. They begin to glorify individuality and speak of "mine" and "thine". Soon, the first blood is shed. Factions are made, wars are waged. Science supplants feeling, and the members of the former utopia become incapable of remembering their former happiness. They tell him: "We have science, and with its help we shall again find the truth, but now we shall accept it consciously. Knowledge is higher than feeling, consciousness of life is higher than life... a knowledge of the laws of happiness is higher than happiness." He pleads with the people to return to their former state, or at least to kill him for his role in their Fall, but they laugh at him and threaten to put him in a madhouse.
Sorrow enters his soul with great force, but at that moment he awakens. The room is completely silent and he jumps up in amazement. He catches sight of his revolver, but pushes it away. He is a changed man, thoroughly thankful for life and convinced of man's basic goodness and potential for limitless love. He dedicates his life to teaching the promise of a Golden Era, a time on Earth when everyone loves his brother as he loves himself.
At the conclusion of the story, the narrator states that he has found the little girl, and that he will never stop preaching the earthly paradise.
Themes.
According to Mikhail Bakhtin "The Dream of a Ridiculous Man" is "practically a complete encyclopedia of Dostoevsky's most important themes". He describes these themes and Dostoevsky's stylistic means for presenting them as characteristic of the carnivalised genre of Menippean satire. Among such themes are:
Adaptations.
The story was adapted into an animated film in 1992 by Aleksandr Petrov.
In 1990, it was adapted by the BBC as a thirty-minute television special, “The Dream”, directed by Norman Stone and starring Jeremy Irons.
External links.
Full text in English translation at online-literature.com

</doc>
<doc id="7054052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054052" title="Proto-Vedic Continuity theory">
Proto-Vedic Continuity theory



</doc>
<doc id="7054053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054053" title="Posterior labial nerves">
Posterior labial nerves

The posterior labial nerves are superficial branches of the perineal nerve, which in itself is a branch of the pudendal nerve. The posterior labial nerves innervate the vestibule, or entrance, of the vagina.
The counterparts in males are the posterior scrotal nerves.

</doc>
<doc id="7054055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054055" title="Military history of Sweden">
Military history of Sweden

Swedish military history encompasses the military engagements and strategic developments of Sweden from prehistoric times to the present day. As a significant European power during the 17th and early 18th centuries, Sweden played a major role in shaping the political landscape of Northern Europe. The country's military history is marked by periods of expansionism, particularly during the Swedish Empire era, followed by a long-standing policy of armed neutrality. Key phases include the Viking Age, the rise of the Swedish Empire, involvement in the Thirty Years' War, the Great Northern War, and more recent participation in United Nations peacekeeping operations. Sweden's military strategies have evolved from aggressive expansion to a focus on territorial defense and international cooperation, reflecting changes in its geopolitical position and global security landscape. Despite maintaining official neutrality through both World Wars, Sweden has continued to adapt its military capabilities and policies in response to regional and global security challenges, including its recent decision to join NATO in response to changing European security dynamics.
Prehistoric Sweden and the Viking ages.
During prehistoric times, Sweden was divided into three kingdoms; Svea, Göta and Vende. There were many wars fought between these kingdoms and eventually the Svea won. The Icelandic sagas tell of many family feuds as well, one can assume that these were common in Sweden also, as the structure of society was similar.
During the early Middle Ages, many Vikings took recruitment in the fleet and participated both in trade and in plundering raids. The system of Leidang was used to organize the armies in the different parts of the country. In an alliance with the Danes, the Swedish king Olof Skötkonung won the war against the Norwegians at the battle of Svolder.
Middle Ages.
The Russo-Swedish War (1495–97) was a result of an alliance between Ivan III of Russia and Hans of Denmark, who was waging war against the Sture family of Sweden in the hope of regaining the Swedish throne. Ivan III sent Princes Daniil Shchenya and Vasily Shuisky to lay siege to the Swedish castle of Vyborg. The siege lasted for three months and ended when a castellan set his supply of powder on fire, thus "scaring the Muscovites out of their wits", as the Swedish records say. The following year Russian generals Vasily Kosoy and Andrey Chelyadnin severely devastated Swedish Finland as far as Hämeenlinna (Tavastehus). Another detachment sailed along the shore, forcing the Finns into subservience.
Sten Sture the Elder, who was then at Turku (Åbo), was enraged at the news of the Russian expedition and sent Svante Nilsson with 2,000 men to take Ivangorod, a new fortress which Ivan III had built to protect Russian Ingria against Livonian Knights. The fortress was taken but was impossible to defend it for a considerable period of time — Svante Nilsson proposed to hand it over to the Knights, an offer which they declined. Thereupon the Swedes set the fortress ablaze and sailed home. After the Swedish throne fell to Hans of Denmark, hostilities were suspended until 1508, when Sweden and Russia ratified a peace treaty for 60 years. Sweden and Russia would fight many wars in the following centuries (see Russo-Swedish Wars)
The Early Vasa era.
Swedish War of Liberation.
The Swedish War of Liberation (1521–1523) was a civil war in which the Swedish nobleman Gustav Vasa successfully deposed king Kristian II, as regent of the Kalmar Union in Sweden.
The De la Gardie Campaign.
The De la Gardie Campaign refers to the actions of a 15,000-strong military unit commanded by Jacob De la Gardie in alliance with the Russian commander Mikhail Skopin-Shuisky against the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in the Polish–Muscovite War (1605–18). The campaign was a result of an alliance between Charles IX of Sweden and Vasili IV of Russia, whereby the latter promised to cede the County of Kexholm to Sweden vs Estonia 1655. 
The combined Russo-Swedish forces set out from Novgorod late in 1609 and marched towards Moscow, relieving the Siege of Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra on their way. They dispersed the supporters of False Dmitry II, who maintained an alternative court in Tushino near Moscow and challenged the authority of Vasily IV. In the aftermath, some of the Tushino boyars summoned Wladyslaw IV to lay his claim to the Russian throne, while Skopin-Shuisky was poisoned at the behest of his uncle and rival, Prince Dmitry Shuisky.
In June 1610, De la Gardie and Dmitry Shuisky departed from Moscow in order to lift Żółkiewski's Siege of Smolensk. The campaign ended with most of De la Gardie's forces being destroyed by the Polish hetman Stanisław Żółkiewski at the Battle of Klushino in 1610. The De la Gardie Campaign can be considered a prelude to the Ingrian War.
The Ingrian War.
The Ingrian War between Sweden and Russia, which lasted between 1610 and 1617 and can be seen as part of the Time of Troubles, is mainly remembered for the attempt to put a Swedish duke on the Russian throne. It ended with a large Swedish territorial gain in the Treaty of Stolbovo which laid an important foundation to Sweden's Age of Greatness.
The Kalmar War.
The Kalmar War was a war between Sweden and Denmark 1611 to 1613. Sweden sought an alternative trade route to avoid paying Denmark's Sound Toll through Northern Norway. This was not to Denmark's liking and they invaded southern Sweden. England and the Netherlands were also invested in the Baltic Sea trade, and pressured to curtail Denmark's power by ending the Kalmar War before a decisive victory could be attained. The Danes, while well-equipped and strong, had relied heavily on mercenary forces and Christian IV, low on funds, was finally amenable to persuasion in 1613. With England's intercession, the Treaty of Knäred was signed on 20 January 1613.
Denmark reached its victory, restoring Norwegian control of Sweden's land route through Lapland by incorporating Sápmi Lapland into Norway (and thus under Danish rule). Further, Sweden had to pay a high ransom for two fortresses captured by Denmark. Sweden, however, achieved a major concession — the right of free trade through the Sound Strait, becoming exempt of the Sound toll (a right shared by England and Holland).
Polish–Swedish Wars.
The Polish–Swedish wars were a series of wars between the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and Sweden, in the wider meaning to the series of wars in which both Sweden and the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth participated between 1563 and 1721, in the narrower meaning denoting the two wars between 1600 and 1629.
The Swedish Empire era.
The Thirty Years' War.
The Thirty Years' War was fought between 1618 and 1648, principally on the territory of today's Germany, and involved most of the major European continental powers, including Sweden. Although it was from the outset a religious conflict between Protestants and Catholics, the rivalry between the Habsburg dynasty and other powers was also a central motive.
Sweden held, for a time, control of the principal trade routes of the Baltic; and the increment of revenue resulting from this commanding position was of material assistance during the earlier stages of the war in Germany, whither the Swedish king Gustavus II Adolphus transferred his forces in June 1630. Gustavus, later to be called "the Lion of the North" due to his skills as a commander, intervened on the Protestant side in the German civil war. Using new military techniques such as lighter and more mobile artillery, a larger proportion of his infantry using firearms (as opposed to pikes), and cavalry shock tactics, he won a crushing victory at the Battle of Breitenfeld in 1631. In the Battle of Lützen on 6 November 1632 he rode into a group of enemy cavalry and was killed. The battle itself was a draw. Two years later Imperial troops won a convincing victory over the Protestant Army at Nördlingen. In order to prevent the Habsburg's from winning the war, France, who had already given major financial subsidies to Sweden, intervened on the Protestant side. The war dragged on for many years until a peace agreement was at last reached in 1648. In the Peace of Westphalia Sweden received an indemnity, as well as control of Western Pomerania and the bishoprics of Bremen and Verden. It thus won control of the mouth of the Oder, Elbe, and Weser Rivers, and acquired three voices in the Council of Princes of the German Reichstag.
The Torstenson War.
The Torstenson war was a short period of conflict between Sweden and Denmark/Norway which occurred in 1643 to 1645 during the waning days of the Thirty Years' War. It was named after Lennart Torstenson.
Dutch-Swedish War.
The Dano-Swedish War (1658–1660), was a Dutch intervention in the Northern Wars, in which Sweden tried to extend its control over the Baltic Sea.
Charles X's wars.
Sweden attacked Poland in 1655. The goal was to gain full control over the Baltic Sea. During the two first years, Swedish troops occupied large parts of Poland and the war was almost won. In 1656, Sweden won the battle of Warsaw, but the Polish resistance hardened and the farmers began fighting a guerrilla war against the Swedes.
The war did not go well, and in the autumn of 1657, Denmark-Norway declared war against Sweden. Charles X took then the army and marched north. In October, the Swedes conquered Frederiksodde and on 30 January the Swedish army crossed the Little Belt; on 5–6 February they crossed the Great Belt, one of the biggest feats of the Swedish army. Denmark-Norway surrendered and handed over the Danish provinces of Blekinge, Bornholm, Halland and Scania as well as the Norwegian provinces of Trondheim and Båhuslen after the Treaty of Roskilde.
Wanting to follow up his victory, Charles X attacked Copenhagen in 1659, but was forced to withdraw because of the strong Danish defence and support from the Dutch navy. Norwegian forces succeeded in reconquering the province of Trondheim. The 1660 Treaty of Copenhagen restored Trondheim to Norway and Bornholm to Denmark.
The Scanian War.
The Scanian War was fought between the union of Denmark–Norway and Sweden from 1675–1679. The war was prompted by the Swedish involvement in the Franco-Dutch War. Sweden had allied with France against several European countries. The United Provinces, under attack by France, sought support from Denmark-Norway.
The Danish objective was to retrieve the Scanian lands that had been given to Sweden after the Northern Wars. Although the Danish offensive was initially a great success, Swedish counter-offensives nullified much of the gain. The most important battle was fought at Battle of Lund were Swedish forces won a costly victory, this was a turningpoint in the war for Sweden. Eventually, a French-dictated peace was negotiated stipulating that all territory lost by Sweden be returned.
Great Northern War.
The Great Northern War took place between 1700 and 1721. It was fought between a coalition of Russia, Denmark–Norway, and Saxony (also the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, from 1701, and Prussia and Hanover from 1715) and Sweden, which was helped by the Ottoman Empire and monetary subsidized by France.
The war began as a coordinated attack on Sweden, ruled by the young Charles XII, by the coalition in 1700 and ended in 1721 with the Treaty of Nystad and the Stockholm treaties. Despite spectacular early Swedish victories, the ultimate result of the war was the end of the Swedish Empire. Russia supplanted Sweden as the dominant Power on the Baltic Sea and became a major player in European politics.
The Age of Liberty.
Hats and Caps.
The policy of the Hats was a return to the traditional alliance between France and Sweden. When Sweden descended to a position of a second-rate power the French - alliance became too costly a luxury. Horn had clearly perceived this; and his cautious neutrality was therefore the soundest statesmanship. But the politicians who had ousted Horn thought differently. To them prosperity without glory was a worthless possession. They aimed at restoring Sweden to her former position as a great power. France, naturally, hailed with satisfaction the rise of a faction which was content to be her armourbearer in the north; and the golden streams which flowed from Versailles to Stockholm during the next two generations were the political life-blood of the Hat party.
The first blunder of the Hats was the hasty and ill-advised war with Russia. The European complications consequent with upon the almost simultaneous deaths of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor and Empress Anne of Russia, seemed to favour their adventurous schemes; and, despite the frantic protests of the Cap, a project for the invasion of Russian Finland was rushed through the premature Riksdag of 1740. On 20 July 1741 war was formally declared against Russia; a month later the Diet was dissolved and the lantmarskalk set off to Finland to take command of the army.
The first blow was not struck until six months after the declaration of war; and it was struck by the enemy, who routed the Swedes at Lappeenranta and captured that frontier fortress. Nothing else was done on either side for six months more; and then the Swedish generals made a "tacit truce" with the Russians through the mediation of the French ambassador at St. Petersburg. By the time that the "tacit truce" had come to an end the Swedish forces were so demoralized that the mere rumour of a hostile attack made them retire panic-stricken to Helsinki; and before the end of the year all Finland was in the hands of the Russians. The fleet, disabled by an epidemic, was, throughout the war, little more than a floating hospital.
To face the Riksdag with such a war as this upon their consciences was a trial from which the Hats naturally shrank; but to do them justice, they showed themselves better parliamentary than military strategists. A motion for an inquiry into the conduct of the war was skilfully evaded by obtaining precedence for the succession question Queen Ulrike Eleonora of Sweden had lately died childless and King Frederick was old; and negotiations were thus opened with the new Russian empress, Elizabeth of Russia, who agreed to restore the greater part of Finland if her cousin, Adolph Frederick of Holstein, were elected successor to the Swedish crown. The Hats eagerly caught at the opportunity of recovering the lost lands and their own prestige along with it. By the Treaty of Åbo, on 7 May 1743, the terms of the empress were accepted and only that small part of Finland which lay beyond the Kymi river was retained by Russia. In March 1751 the old King Frederick died. His slender prerogatives had gradually dwindled down to vanishing point.
The Pomeranian War.
King Adolf Frederick of Sweden (1751–1771) would have given even less trouble than his predecessor but for the ambitious promptings of his masterful consort Louisa Ulrika, Frederick the Great's sister, and the tyranny of the estates, who seemed bent upon driving the meekest of princes into rebellion. An attempted monarchical revolution, planned by the queen and a few devoted young nobles in 1756, was easily and remorselessly crushed; and, though the unhappy king did not, as he anticipated, share the fate of Charles Stuart, he was humiliated as never monarch was humiliated before.
The same years which beheld this great domestic triumph of the Hats saw also the utter collapse of their foreign "system." At the instigation of France they plunged recklessly into the Seven Years' War; and the result was ruinous. The French subsidies, which might have sufficed for a six weeks demonstration (it was generally assumed that the king of Prussia would give little trouble to a European coalition), proved quite inadequate; and, after five unsuccessful campaigns, the unhappy Hats were glad to make peace and ignominiously withdraw from a little war which had cost the country 40,000 men. When the Riksdag met in 1760, the indignation against the Hat leaders was so violent that an impeachment seemed inevitable; but once more the superiority of their parliamentary tactics prevailed, and when, after a session of twenty months, the Riksdag was brought to a close by the mutual consent of both the exhausted factions, the Hat government was bolstered up for another four years. But the day of reckoning could not be postponed forever; and when the estates met in 1765 it brought the Caps into power at last. Their leader, Ture Rudbeck, was elected marshal of the Diet over Frederick Axel von Fersen, the Hat candidate, by a large majority; and, out of the hundred seats in the secret committee, the Hats succeeded in getting only ten.
The Caps struck at once at the weak point of their opponents by ordering a budget report to be made; and it was speedily found that the whole financial system of the Hats had been based upon reckless improvidence and the wilful misrepresentation, and that the only fruit of their long rule was an enormous addition to the national debt and a depreciation of the note circulation to one third of its face value. This revelation led to an all-round retrenchment, carried into effect with a drastic thoroughness which has earned for this parliament the name of the "Reduction Riksdag". The Caps succeeded in reducing the national debt, half of which was transferred from the pockets of the rich to the empty exchequer, and establishing some sort of equilibrium between revenue and expenditure. They also introduced a few useful reforms, the most remarkable of which was the liberty of the press in 1766. But their most important political act was to throw their lot definitely in with Russia, so as to counterpoise the influence of France.
Although no longer a great power, she still had many of the responsibilities of a great power; and if the Swedish alliance had considerably depreciated in value, it was still a marketable commodity. Sweden's particular geographical position made her virtually invulnerable for six months out of the twelve, her Pomeranian possessions afforded her an easy ingress into the very heart of the moribund empire, while her Finnish frontier was not many leagues from the Russian capital.
A watchful neutrality, not venturing much beyond defensive alliances and commercial treaties with the maritime powers, was therefore Sweden's safest policy, and this the older Caps had always followed out. But when the Hats became the armourbearers of France in the north, a protector strong enough to counteract French influence became the cardinal exigency of their opponents, the younger Caps, who now flung themselves into the arms of Russia, overlooking the fact that even a pacific union with Russia was more to be feared than a martial alliance with France. For France was too distant to be dangerous. She sought an ally in Sweden and it was her endeavour to make that ally as strong as possible. But it was as a future prey, not as a possible ally, that Russia regarded her ancient rival in the north. In the treaty which partitioned Poland there was a secret clause which engaged the contracting powers to uphold the existing Swedish constitution as the swiftest means of subverting Swedish independence; and an alliance with the credulous Caps, "the Patriots" as they were called at St. Petersburg, guaranteeing their constitution, was the corollary to this secret understanding. Thus, while the French alliance of the warlike Hats had destroyed the prestige of Sweden, the Russian alliance of the peaceful Caps threatened to destroy her very existence.
Fortunately, the domination of the Caps was not for long. The general distress occasioned by their drastic reforms had found expression in swarms of pamphlets which bit and stung the Cap government, under the protection of the new press laws. The senate retaliated by an order in council, which the king refused to sign declaring that all complaints against the measures of the last Riksdag should be punished with fine and imprisonment. The king, at the suggestion of the crown prince thereupon urged the senate to summon an extraordinary Riksdag as the speediest method of relieving the national distress, and, on their refusing to comply with his wishes, abdicated. From 15 to 21 December 1768 Sweden was without a regular government. Then the Cap senate gave way and the estates were convoked for 19 April 1769.
On the eve of the contest there was a general assembly of the Hats at the French embassy, where the Comte de Modêne furnished them with 6,000,000 livres, but not until they had signed in his presence an undertaking to reform the constitution in a monarchical sense. Still more energetic on the other side, the Russian minister, Andrey Osterman, became the treasurer as well as the counsellor of the Caps, and scattered the largesse of the Russian empress with a lavish hand; and so lost to all feeling of patriotism were the Caps that they openly threatened all who ventured to vote against them with the Muscovite vengeance, and fixed Norrköping, instead of Stockholm, as the place of meeting for the Riksdag as being more accessible to the Russian fleet. But it soon became evident that the Caps were playing a losing game; and, when the Riksdag met at Norrköping on 19 April, they found themselves in a minority in all four estates. In the contest for speaker of the Riksdag ("Lantmarskalk") the leaders of the two parties were again pitted against each other, when the verdict of the last Diet was exactly reversed, von Fersen defeating Rudbeck by 234, though Russia spent no less a sum than 90,000 Riksdaler to secure the election of the latter.
The Caps had short shrift, and the joint note which the Russian, Prussian and Danish ministers presented to the estates protesting, in menacing terms, against any "reprisals" on the part of the triumphant faction, only hastened the fall of the government. The Cap senate resigned en masse to escape impeachment, and an exclusively Hat ministry took its place. On 1 June the "Reaction Riksdag", as it was generally called, removed to the capital; and it was now that the French ambassador and the crown prince Gustav called upon the new Privy Councillors to redeem their promise as to a reform of the constitution which they had made before the elections. Be it when, at the end of the session, they half-heartedly brought the matter forward, the Riksdag suddenly seemed to be stricken with paralysis. Impediments multiplied at every step; the cry was raised: "The constitution is in danger" and on 30 January 1770 the Reaction Riksdag, after a barren ten months session, rose amidst chaotic confusion without accomplishing anything.
Gustavian times.
Gustav III's Russian War.
The Russo-Swedish War of 1788–90, known as Gustav III's Russian War in Sweden and as Catherine II's Swedish War in Russia, was fought between Sweden and Russia from June 1788 to August 1790.
The conflict was initiated by King Gustav III of Sweden for domestic political reasons, as he believed that a short war would leave the opposition no recourse but to support him. Despite establishing himself an autocrat in bloodless "coup d'état" that ended parliamentary rule in 1772, his political powers did not give him the right to start a war.
The Swedes initially planned a naval assault on St. Petersburg. One Swedish army was to advance through Finland; a second army, accompanied by the Swedish coastal flotilla, was to advance along the Finnish coast into the Gulf of Finland; while a third army sailed with the Swedish battlefleet in order to land at Oranienbaum to advance on St. Petersburg.
The Russian battlefleet under Samuel Greig met the Swedish fleet off Hogland Island in the Gulf of Finland on 17 July 1788, at the Battle of Hogland. The battle was tactically indecisive, but the Russians did enough to prevent the Swedish landing. As the war was deeply unpopular in Sweden and the Finnish officers were mutinous, news of the failure at Hogland triggered a revolt among some of the noble army officers, known as the League of Anjala.
The Swedish attack on Russia caused Denmark–Norway to declare war on Sweden in August in accordance with its treaty obligations to Russia. A Norwegian army briefly invaded Sweden and won the Battle of Kvistrum Bridge, before peace was signed on 9 July 1789 following the diplomatic intervention of Great Britain and Prussia. Under their pressure, Denmark-Norway declared itself neutral to the conflict, bringing this Lingonberry War to an end.
At sea, the two evenly matched battlefleets met again at the Battle of Öland on 25 July 1789, which was indecisive. A month later, on 24 August, the Russian Vice-Admiral Nassau-Siegen decisively defeated the Swedish coastal flotilla at the First Battle of Svensksund.
In 1790, King Gustav revived the plan for a landing close to St. Petersburg, this time near Vyborg. But the plan foundered in a disastrous attack on the Russian fleet at the Battle of Reval on 13 May. A further attack on the Russian fleet off Kronstadt at the beginning of June also failed and the Swedish battlefleet and galley flotilla both retired to Vyborg Bay, where the combined Swedish fleets of some 400 vessels were blockaded by Vasily Chichagov's Baltic Fleet for a month. On 3 July the Swedes forced their way out in the costly Battle of Vyborg Bay, losing six battleships and four frigates as a result.
The Swedish battlefleet retired to Sveaborg for repairs while the Swedish galley flotilla made for a strong defensive position at Svenskrund. An impetuous Russian attack on the Swedish galley flotilla on 9 July at the Second Battle of Svensksund resulted in disaster for the Russians who lost some 9,500 out of 14,000 men and about one third of their flotilla. It was the greatest naval victory ever gained by Sweden and helped to pave the way for peace. The Russian Vice-Chancellor Alexander Bezborodko immediately agreed to negotiations, and the war was ended by the Treaty of Värälä on 14 August.
The Russo-Swedish War of 1788–1790 was, overall, mostly insignificant for the parties involved. Catherine II regarded the war against her Swedish cousin as a minor distraction, as her land troops were tied in the war against Turkey and she was likewise concerned with revolutionary events unfolding in Poland and in France. The war solved Gustav III's domestic problems only briefly, as he was assassinated at the Opera in Stockholm, in 1792.
The Finnish War.
The Finnish War was fought between Sweden and Russia from February 1808 to September 1809. As a result of the war, the eastern third of Sweden was established as the semi-autonomous Grand Duchy of Finland, according to the Finns a personal union with Imperial Russia. Another notable effect was the Swedish parliament's adoption of a new constitution and a new royal house, that of Bernadotte.
The Union era.
The Napoleonic Wars.
The Napoleonic Wars comprised a series of global conflicts fought during Napoleon Bonaparte's imperial rule over France (1805–1815). These wars were to some extent a continuation of the French Revolutionary Wars which followed on the French Revolution of 1789. Sweden was part of the Fourth Coalition, an alliance organized against Napoleon's French Empire in 1806–1807. Under the leadership of its new Crown Prince Charles John, formerly French Marshal Bernadotte, Sweden was a founding member of the Sixth Coalition and played a key role in the German Campaign of 1813. Bernadotte was the primary author of the Trachenberg Plan, the successful campaign plan for 1813, and commanding general of the 120,000 man Allied Army of the North. The principal battles involving Sweden include the Battle of Großbeeren, the Battle of Dennewitz and the Battle of Leipzig. Following the Allied victory at Leipzig, Charles John and the Swedes went on to wage a short, successful campaign in Denmark and Norway.
The Battle of Bornhöved.
The Battle of Bornhöved was a battle between Sweden and Denmark on 7 December 1813 in Bornhöved in northern Germany. The Swedes were victorious and this was a first step in conquering Norway. This would be realized in the Treaty of Kiel of 1814.
War with Norway.
According to the Treaty of Kiel, the king of Denmark–Norway ceded Norway to the king of Sweden. However, Norwegian resistance led to the restoration of Norwegian independence in 1814. Trying to enforce the provisions of the Kiel treaty, Sweden invaded Norway in July 1814. After two weeks, the superior strength of the Swedish army had forced the Norwegians to conclude the Convention of Moss on 14 August 1814. Norway kept its new constitution and formal independence, but had to accept a personal union with Sweden.
The peace with Norway at Moss concluded the last Swedish war.
World War I.
Sweden was officially neutral during World War I, although, under German pressure, they did take steps which were detrimental to the Allied powers including mining the Öresund channel, thus closing it to Allied shipping. Sweden also provided volunteers fighting for the White Guards together with the Germans against the Reds and Russians in the Finnish Civil War.
World War II.
Swedish neutrality – national policy since the end of the Napoleonic Wars – was maintained during World War II.
Cold War.
Sweden kept the non-alignment policy as well as the conscription-based army. The Swedish Air Force became one of the world's most prominent thanks to SAAB and other contractors. During this time a concept of "total defence" was developed to counter the feared full-scale invasion by the Soviet Union. This included, for example; bomb shelters in all new big buildings, bridges with prepared places for explosives and a pre-planned war-placement for almost every single citizen. During this time the "total defence system" could mobilize up to one million people to the military alone. This included around 100,000 Home Guard troops that could be mobilized within hours to protect the general mobilization, which could take up to two weeks to reach completion.
Congo Crisis.
During the Congo Crisis (1960–65) the U.N. Fighter Wing was formed and the Swedish F 22 Kongo was part of it. The Swedes flew Saab 29 Tunnan fighters against the rebel forces of Katanga.
Post Cold War.
During the 1990s, the armed forces budget was cut and several regiments were closed down. Several regiment towns have protested against downsizing, and the government has tried to prevent rising unemployment by relocating state agencies to these towns.
The number of enlisted recruits has decreased. The recruits are encouraged to sign up for additional service after their mandatory training is over. The units formed by those who chose to continue their service can be used as rapid response units in international missions, and are also targets of recruiting to the Nordic Battle Group.
Since the ending of the cold war, and despite a continuing position of neutrality, Sweden has been slowly playing an increased role in international operations, including NATO operations in Kosovo (KFOR) and Afghanistan (the International Security Assistance Force).
As of February 2020, Swedish soldiers are present in the following regions:
Sweden has registered about 15 units in the rapid response unit catalogs of the EU, UN, or NATO. Sweden takes an active part in international exercises such as the Multi National Experiment run by the USJFCOM.
Sweden is the framework nation for the Nordic Battlegroup, one of the EU Battlegroups that was active during the first half of 2008. This was also repeated during 2011.
Sweden had command of the battlegroup for the third time in 2015, when it was placed in standby during the period of 1 January - 30 June.
In 2010 Sweden deactivated conscription, only to activate it again in 2017. During the same time, the conscription was made gender-neutral, meaning that both women and men are since called up for obligatory military service .
Sweden and NATO.
After Russias annexation of Crimea in 2014 Sweden made the national defence the priority of the military once again. The full Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022 also made Sweden together with Finland apply for NATO membership. Several regements were re-open and the military defence budget will double from 2020 to 2024.
On March 7, 2024, Sweden became NATO's 32nd member soon after Hungary deposited its instrument of ratification.

</doc>
<doc id="7054056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054056" title="Out of India migrations">
Out of India migrations



</doc>
<doc id="7054067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054067" title="Energy Technology Institute">
Energy Technology Institute



</doc>
<doc id="7054072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054072" title="Shelton Martis">
Shelton Martis

Shelton Demetrio Martis (born 29 November 1982) is a Curaçaoan former professional footballer who played as a defender.
He began his career at Excelsior and FC Eindhoven in the Dutch Eerste Divisie before spending a season at Darlington. He then moved to Hibernian of the Scottish Premier League in 2006, winning the Scottish League Cup in his only season. Martis then signed for West Bromwich Albion for £50,000 and became the first Curaçaoan to play in the Premier League. After three and a half years at Doncaster Rovers, and a season at Osotspa Saraburi in the Thai Premier League, he returned to the Netherlands with SteDoCo.
Martis played three matches for the Netherlands Antilles in 2008. After a territorial reorganisation, he represented Curaçao.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Willemstad, Curaçao, Netherlands Antilles, Martis came through the youth ranks at Dutch club Feyenoord before making his debut for their Rotterdam neighbours Excelsior, and FC Eindhoven.
He joined English League Two club Darlington in 2005, and made his debut for the Quakers on 6 August 2005 by playing the full 90 minutes as they began the season with a 1–1 draw at Rushden &amp; Diamonds. His first goal came the following 28 January in a 4–0 win against Mansfield Town at the Darlington Arena, exploiting a mistake by visiting captain Alex Baptiste. He added another goal on 13 March, the only one in a home win against Chester City, heading in Neil Wainwright's corner kick.
After his only full season in North East England, Martis played on a week-to-week contract after turning down a full new contract.
Hibernian.
Martis moved to Scottish Premier League club Hibernian on 14 August 2006 on a three-year deal. He was signed by Tony Mowbray, who stated that the team had been coveting him for some time as a young "composed, athletic and competitive defender". The transfer fee was nominal for a technicality because he was moving between countries. He made his debut five days later in a 3–1 win over Motherwell at Easter Road; he had a chance to score but controlled the ball with his chest rather than heading it.
He played all five of Hibs' matches as they won the Scottish League Cup, coming on as an added-time substitute for Steven Whittaker in the final, a 5–1 win over Kilmarnock at Hampden Park on 18 March 2007. In his last match, a 2–0 Edinburgh derby loss away to Heart of Midlothian on 12 May, he made an error which led to a Michal Pospíšil goal in the first 30 seconds, and he was substituted at half time for Kevin McCann.
Towards the end of his season in the Scottish capital, Martis was one of several players who fell out with manager John Collins, leading to reports that he could return to Darlington.
West Bromwich Albion.
Martis returned to England on 2 July 2007, signed for Football League Championship club West Bromwich Albion for £50,000 on a two-year deal with the option for a third. He was again signed by Mowbray, who called him a player with potential although not the "finished article". He made his debut for the club on 25 September in a 4–2 League Cup third round defeat at The Hawthorns against fellow division team Cardiff City. His league debut came on 8 December, a 2–1 win away to Leicester City.
On 4 January 2008 Martis joined another Championship team, Scunthorpe United, on loan for an initial period of one month. The following day, he made his debut for the Iron in the third round of the FA Cup, a 1–0 loss at Preston North End, and later played three league games for the team. After returning, he played only one more game for eventual champions West Brom, their 1–4 home loss to Leicester on 15 March.
On 31 October 2008, Martis moved to Championship team Doncaster Rovers on loan for an initial period of one month to cover for some injured players. He made his debut the following day in a goalless draw against Swansea City at the Keepmoat Stadium, and in his next game two weeks later he scored the only goal of a 1–0 home win over Ipswich Town, heading the ball in for a first victory in 13 games.
Martis made his first Premier League appearance for the Baggies on 16 March 2009 in a goalless draw at West Ham United; this made him the first player from Curaçao in the division. On 17 May, in the last game of the season at home to Liverpool, he was dispossessed by Steven Gerrard who scored the first goal of a 2–0 win, relegating West Bromwich Albion after only one season.
Martis scored his first goal for West Brom in their first match of the new Championship season on 8 August 2009, opening a 1–1 draw with fellow relegated team Newcastle United.
He also equalised in a 3–1 home win over Plymouth Argyle on 12 September.
Doncaster.
Martis signed for Doncaster Rovers on 1 February 2010, on a three-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee. He made his debut five days later in a 2–1 home loss to Reading. On 24 April 2010, Martis scored a header from Dean Shiels' corner in the 89th minute against local rivals Scunthorpe, winning the match 4–3 at the Keepmoat.
He played consistently often over the next three seasons, the last of which was in Football League One. Marts was released on 21 February 2013 after 73 appearances and 3 goals.
Osotspa Saraburi.
On 26 February 2014, Martis signed a one-year deal at Thai Premier League club Osotspa Saraburi. He made his debut on 9 March in the second game of the season, a 1–0 home loss to Port, replacing Kriengsak Chumpornpong for the final minute. His only goal in Thailand came on 18 May, a penalty to open a 2–1 win over Samut Songkhram at the Saraburi Stadium.
SteDoCo.
In September 2015, Martis returned to the Netherlands for the first time in a decade, training at Topklasse (third-tier) club SteDoCo. The following month, he signed for the team.
International career.
Martis made his international debut for the Netherlands Antilles on 6 February 2008, in a 1–0 away win over Nicaragua in the first round of qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He played two more games over the year.
After territorial reorganisation, Martis returned to international football with Curaçao in 2014. He scored on his debut on 3 September, equalising for a 2–2 draw against Puerto Rico at the Estadio Juan Ramón Loubriel in Bayamón, in qualification for the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Honours.
Hibernian

</doc>
<doc id="7054079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054079" title="SCH">
SCH

SCH or Sch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7054083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054083" title="Energy technology institute">
Energy technology institute



</doc>
<doc id="7054090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054090" title="Energy technologies institute">
Energy technologies institute



</doc>
<doc id="7054094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054094" title="Dave ford">
Dave ford



</doc>
<doc id="7054099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054099" title="Mahanikaya">
Mahanikaya



</doc>
<doc id="7054115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054115" title="Angelina, Texas">
Angelina, Texas



</doc>
<doc id="7054118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054118" title="Maha Nikaya">
Maha Nikaya

Maha Nikaya (Thai: มหานิกาย) is the name for a sect or order of Buddhist monastics in Thailand of the Theravada Lankavamsa sect. It is one of the two main monastic orders of Thailand, the other being the Dhammayuttika Nikaya. The Maha Nikaya is the larger of the two, comprising over 90% of all monks in Thailand. 
Origins and Meaning.
The term *Maha Nikaya* comes from the Pali roots *mahanta* + *nikaya*, meaning “the greater group.” In practice, it refers to the mainstream Theravāda monastic lineage of Thailand, which developed from the Lankavamsa (Sri Lankan) tradition introduced to Southeast Asia. Historically, all Theravāda monks in Thailand followed this lineage until the formation of the Dhammayuttika order in the 19th century.
Background of the Lankavamsa Tradition.
Around 236 B.E., Ashoka the Great sponsored the Third Buddhist Council, sending missions abroad. One mission went to Sri Lanka, where Theravāda Buddhism flourished. 
In the 12th century, King Parakramabahu I of Sri Lanka reformed the Sangha, unifying it into the Lankavamsa lineage. This reformed order spread to neighboring regions, including Burma and later Thailand. 
Continuation in Pagan (Bagan).
The reputation of Lanka’s reforms reached Burma during the reign of King Narapati Sithu of Pagan. He invited the monk Shin Uttarajiva to Lanka in B.E. 1733. His disciple, Chapada, ordained in the Lankan lineage and later returned with four other learned monks. These elders established the strict Lankavamsa tradition in Burma, distinct from local practices, and gained royal patronage.
Transmission to Thailand.
The Lankavamsa Theravāda order entered Nakhon Si Thammarat during the reign of King Ramkhamhaeng of Sukhothai.. The city became an important religious center, spreading the lineage throughout Thailand. By the Sukhothai and Ayutthaya periods, this tradition—later called Maha Nikaya—was the dominant clerical order, supported by royal patronage, scripture preservation, and temple building. 
Division with the Dhammayuttika Nikaya.
In the early Rattanakosin period, Prince Mongkut (later King Rama IV) observed what he regarded as lax monastic discipline among mainstream monks. In 1833 he founded the Dhammayuttika Nikaya as a stricter reform order. Thereafter, all other monks were collectively designated as the "Maha Nikaya" (“the great collection”). 
In reality, the Maha Nikaya encompasses a wide variety of local traditions and practices, unified mainly by not belonging to the Dhammayuttika. While Dhammayuttika monks have received strong royal support, the Maha Nikaya remains the vast majority.
Maha Nikaya in Cambodia.
A similar situation developed in Cambodia, where the Dhammayuttika order was introduced from Thailand in 1855. Those not joining the reform were recognized as the Maha Nikaya (Khmer: មហានិកាយ "Mohanikay"). King Norodom appointed a separate supreme patriarch for the Dhammayuttika order, while the existing patriarch became head of the Cambodian Maha Nikaya. Today, the Maha Nikaya remains the dominant clerical order in Cambodia.
Modern Administration.
In Thailand, a single Supreme Patriarch of Thailand has authority over both the Maha Nikaya and the Dhammayuttika Nikaya. However, controversy has arisen because recent patriarchs have almost always been chosen from the minority Dhammayuttika order, despite its representing only around 6% of Thai monks. Some Maha Nikaya monks have campaigned for the creation of a separate patriarch for their order.
Missionary Works.
Maha Nikaya monks have actively spread Theravāda Buddhism to Laos, Cambodia, and parts of Myanmar. In modern times, they have established temples and centers in Europe, North America, and Australia, serving Thai expatriates and promoting Buddhist teachings abroad. 
Robe-Wearing Practices.
Maha Nikaya monks wear saffron-colored robes. Their robe style typically leaves one shoulder bare during certain activities, while Dhammayuttika monks more often keep both shoulders covered. Despite differences in discipline, both orders share the same core Theravāda teachings. 

</doc>
<doc id="7054123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054123" title="Battle of Hitotoribashi">
Battle of Hitotoribashi

The Battle of Hitotoribashi () was a battle during the Azuchi-Momoyama period (16th century) of Japan. Due to the death of Date Masamune's father, Date Terumune by the hands of Nihonmatsu Yoshitsugu, Masamune swore vengeance. 
After succeeding to the throne of the Date clan, Masamune would effectively have his revenge by launching an attack against the Nihonmatsu clan and their allies at Hitotoribashi in January 1586. Despite a large imbalance between the forces (Date force: 7,000; Nihonmatsu forces: 30,000), the alliance assembled in support of the Nihonmatsu forces disintegrated and withdrew after beating Masamune back into the Motomiya Castle.
Background.
After Terumune was abducted and killed near Abukuma river, a war proceeded between the Date clan and their traditional rivals the Nihonmatsu clan. The Nihonmatsu allied with the Sōma, Satake, Nikaido, and Ashina clans. 
The allies marched with their 30,000 troops toward Motomiya Castle. Masamune with only 7,000 troops prepared a defensive strategy, including a series of forts that guarded the route to Motomiya Castle.
Battle.
At the opening of battle on the 6th January, Masamune led his forces from Motomiya Castle, crossed the Adatara River, and encamped at Mount Kannondō. Three of Masamune's forts were taken, and although Masamune tried to force back the Satake allies from the Seto River, he failed. 
Two Date's detachments were left to protect the rearguard and east flank, under chief retainers Oniniwa Yoshinao and Date Shigezane; both slowed the Satake allies long enough for Masamune to escape to Motomiya. Shigezane survived, but Yoshinao was killed in action, Yoshinao troops killed many of Iwaki clan's men but finally was killed by Iwaki Tsunetaka's general, Kubota Jūrō.
The next morning, the Date forces found that the Satake clan had withdrawn and its allies had scattered. In the Satake armies' absence from their home territory in Hitachi Province, Hōjō clan partisans Edo Yoshimichi and Satomi Yoshiyori had attacked; further, in the encampment near Motomiya castle, Satake vassal and senior commander Onozaki Yoshimasa was assassinated. In the midst of this crisis, the clan forces thus withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="7054129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054129" title="House of Blue Leaves">
House of Blue Leaves



</doc>
<doc id="7054143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054143" title="Myrlie Evers">
Myrlie Evers



</doc>
<doc id="7054147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054147" title="Barbot-Halcon">
Barbot-Halcon



</doc>
<doc id="7054152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054152" title="William Taylor Adams">
William Taylor Adams

William Taylor Adams (July 30, 1822 – March 27, 1897), pseudonym Oliver Optic, was an academic, author, and a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Early life and education.
Adams was born in Medway, Massachusetts, on July 30, 1822, to tavern keeper Captain Laban Adams and Catherine Johnson Adams.
Adams was an honors student at schools in Boston and West Roxbury. After finishing public school, he attended Abel Whitney's private academy for a year.
Teaching career.
Adams became a teacher in the Lower Road School in Dorchester, Massachusetts, in 1843. He resigned from his position as master of the school in 1846 in order to assist his father and brother in the management of their new hotel in Boston, the Adams House hotel. Adams decided that he preferred teaching so in 1848 he returned to teaching, this time at the Boylston School in Boston. In 1860, Adams was promoted to the position of master of the Boylston School. When the Bowditch School was founded, Adams transferred to that school as its master, a position he held until he resigned from teaching in 1865. This experience naturally brought him closely into contact with boys, and he learned much of what interested them, which had a good deal to do with his eventual success as an author. Extensive travel abroad and a deep knowledge of boats, farming, and practical mechanics were other factors that gave his works reality.
Family life.
Adams visited Europe more than twenty times and traveled in Asia and Africa. In 1846, he married Sarah Jenkins, with whom he had two daughters, Alice Maria Adams and Emma Louisa Adams.
School committee service.
Adams served as a member of the Harris school board of the town of Dorchester, Massachusetts, and later of the Dwight, Boylston, and Bowditch schools in the city of Boston, for 14 years.
Member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Adams served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, for the 5th Norfolk District, from January 6, 1869, to January 5, 1870.
Career as an author.
Adams first began to write at the age of 28, and his first book, "Hatchie, the Guardian Slave" (1853), was published under the pseudonym of Warren T. Ashton. It was only a modest success, but Adams was undaunted. In 1854 Adams produced his first real hit, the initial volume in the Boat Club series. Adams continued to write until he died in Dorchester, March 27, 1897. Among his best-known works were the two "Blue &amp; Gray" series, which were set during the Civil War.
Adams wrote well over 100 books in total, most of them for a boy audience, and the majority of these in series of four to six volumes published under a pseudonym. Two novels published in his own name, "The Way of the World" and "Living Too Fast", were aimed at adult readers but fell flat. Though "Oliver Optic" was the pseudonym he used most, his work also appeared under the bylines "Irving Brown," "Clingham Hunter, M.D.," and "Old Stager." Like many children's authors of his day, he was additionally an editor, and many of his works first appeared in "Oliver Optic's Magazine".
Adams' writing was criticized by Louisa May Alcott, among others. Alcott used her story "Eight Cousins" to deplore Adams' use of slang, his cast of bootblacks and newsboys, and his stories of police courts and saloons. Adams responded in kind, pointing out Alcott's own use of slang and improbable plot twists.

</doc>
<doc id="7054178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054178" title="Pete Minger">
Pete Minger

Pete Minger (January 22, 1943 in Orangeburg, South Carolina – April 13, 2000 in Pompano Beach, Florida), born George Allen Minger, was an American bebop-based trumpeter. He also played flugelhorn.
He came from a musical family with his mother and grandmother playing piano at church. His brother is also a jazz pianist. He started with saxophone, but switched to trumpet at an early point. From 1970 to 1980 he worked with Count Basie's orchestra. He can be heard on the album "Digital III at Montreux" in that period.
After his work with Basie he moved to Florida and received a degree in music from the University of Miami in 1985. He later taught there, but continued to perform. In 1990 he toured with Frank Wess's big-band and also worked with Mel Tormé. He became a noted individual in Florida's jazz scene releasing two albums of his own, "Minger Paintings" (Jazz Alliance, 1991), and "Look To The Sky" (Concord Jazz, 1992).

</doc>
<doc id="7054182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054182" title="Beiyang fleet">
Beiyang fleet



</doc>
<doc id="7054193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054193" title="Cryptoprocessor">
Cryptoprocessor



</doc>
<doc id="7054194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054194" title="Duncan, bc">
Duncan, bc



</doc>
<doc id="7054197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054197" title="John Rankin (footballer, born 1983)">
John Rankin (footballer, born 1983)

John Rankin (born 27 June 1983) is a Scottish football coach and former player, who manages Scottish League One club Hamilton Academical.
Rankin played as a central midfielder for Ross County, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, Hibernian, Dundee United, Falkirk, Queen of the South and Clyde. Rankin also played once for a Scotland B team, in 2006.
Playing career.
Early career.
Rankin started his career at English Premier League club Manchester United but did not make any first team appearances. Whilst at the "Red Devils", he was loaned out to Corinthians, along with Ben Muirhead by Alex Ferguson, to gain experience before returning to Manchester United. However, his time there was a disaster, as he explained about how both players struggled for food whilst there:
Rankin also spoke about the poverty he had seen in his time in Brazil:
Rankin was released by Manchester United in June 2003. After unsuccessful trials with a number of Scottish Premier League clubs Rankin signed for Scottish First Division club Ross County in 2003 and played in 101 league matches for the Dingwall club and scored 17 goals. Rankin also received two league "Player of the Year" awards.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Rankin moved to Highland derby rivals Inverness Caledonian Thistle for a reported fee of £65,000 in 2006, making him one of several players to have played for both Highland clubs. Rankin played in 49 league matches and scored 9 goals for the Caley Jags that included a stunning last minute winner versus Rangers on 27 December 2006.
Hibernian.
In January 2008, Rankin moved to Hibernian for a fee of £110,000. Rankin scored the opening goal in a 2–0 win for Hibs against Celtic on 7 December 2008. The goal was notable because it was scored from a yard in front of the centre circle, approximately 45 yards from the goal. The shot dipped and deceived the Celtic goalkeeper, Polish international Artur Boruc. After the game, Rankin described the shot as a "squiggler".
Rankin was a candidate for the Hibs captaincy after Rob Jones left for Scunthorpe United in the summer of 2009. New manager John Hughes decided to give the armband to Chris Hogg, however, with Ian Murray to serve as Hogg's vice captain. Rankin fell out of favour under Colin Calderwood and was told in March 2011 that his contract would not be renewed. Rankin played in 100 league matches for the Hibees and scored 6 goals.
Dundee United.
Rankin signed a two-year contract with Dundee United on 17 May 2011. He scored five goals for United as the team finished fourth in the 2011–12 Scottish Premier League season and qualified for the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League. In June 2012, Rankin agreed an extended contract with United. He was appointed chairman of PFA Scotland in February 2013, replacing Jack Ross. On 26 February 2014, Rankin agreed a two-year contract extension. On 4 May 2016 it was announced that he would be one of eight out-of-contract players leaving the club at the end of the season, having not been offered a new contract. Rankin played in 173 league matches for Dundee United and scored 12 goals.
Falkirk.
On 22 July 2016, Rankin signed for Falkirk, having spent time training with the club. Rankin left Falkirk on 5 January 2017 after the club agreed to terminate his contract. Rankin played in 13 league matches for the Bairns without scoring any goals.
Queen of the South.
On 5 January 2017, Rankin joined Queen of the South on an 18-month contract, until the end of the 2017–18 season. Rankin was appointed Queens' club captain by recently appointed manager Gary Naysmith before the league match at St Mirren on 7 January 2017, taking over from previous captain Chris Higgins.
In March 2017, Rankin was appointed as the Under-17s coach at Heart of Midlothian, which he combined with his playing duties at the Doonhamers. Rankin relinquished his position as chairman of PFA Scotland in February 2018 and he departed the Dumfries club at the end of the 2017–18 season. Rankin played in 51 league matches for the Doonhamers and scored two goals.
Clyde.
On 9 June 2018, Rankin signed a one-year contract with his local club Clyde.
He was nominated for SPFL goal of the month for in successive months.
Rankin suffered a broken ankle in the penultimate league match of the season and missed the play-offs, but the club still won promotion to League One. At the PFA Scotland awards, he was shortlisted for Player of the Year and named in the Team of the Year for League Two.
During the 2018–19 season, Rankin scored nine goals in 39 appearances.
International career.
Rankin represented Scotland B, in a match versus Turkey B in 2006, when he was a Ross County player.
Coaching career.
Towards the end of his playing career Rankin took a youth coaching position with Heart of Midlothian. He moved to Hamilton Academical as assistant head coach in December 2021, and was promoted to the position of head coach in June 2022.
Honours.
Managerial.
Hamilton Academical

</doc>
<doc id="7054200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054200" title="Bouncing Off The Ceiling (Upside Down)">
Bouncing Off The Ceiling (Upside Down)



</doc>
<doc id="7054206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054206" title="Sasori (Naruto)">
Sasori (Naruto)



</doc>
<doc id="7054219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054219" title="Consolidated Mail Outpatient Pharmacy">
Consolidated Mail Outpatient Pharmacy

The Consolidated Mail Outpatient Pharmacy (CMOP) initiative of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) uses highly automated facilities to fulfill prescriptions for Veterans.
History.
During the 1970s and 1980s, the VA began experimenting with the consolidation of mail prescription workloads. By 1994, it was ready for a computerized test project.
Joseph Haymond, a pharmacist, instituted a manual filling system at the Leavenworth VA Hospital in the 1980s and processed all mail requests from Leavenworth VA and Topeka VA. He then transferred to the Nashville VA and, working with engineers from Baxter, developed the first prototype machines that led to the full development of the automation in the CMOPs. Haymond led the development of the Murfreesboro CMOP development project in an old supply warehouse in Murfreesboro, which was the first of the "new" CMOPs. The original Leavenworth CMOP was built in a multistory building that was not as efficient as the CMOP in Murfreesboro. The success of the Murfreesboro project led to the creation of the new type CMOPs listed below.
The CMOP program now fills 80 percent of all the prescriptions in the VA. The remaining 20 percent are filled at the VA hospitals.
The CMOP program is now serving the entire country from seven locations: Chelmsford, Massachusetts; Lancaster, Texas; Hines, Illinois; North Charleston, South Carolina; Leavenworth, Kansas; Murfreesboro, Tennessee; and Tucson, Arizona. The Tucson CMOP was originally located in Los Angeles and the newest CMOP is located in North Charleston, South Carolina. The website for this newest CMOP shows it as being permanently closed.
Operations.
The CMOP program fills continuation of therapy or refill prescriptions only along with non-medicine items that are on the United States Department of Veterans Affairs formulary master. Initial prescriptions are written for veterans at one of the Veteran Administration's health care facilities. When a refill is needed, the VA Medical Center process the prescriptions. The CMOP then uploads this information from multiple Medical Centers in its region. Every prescription that is fulfilled is checked by a VA pharmacist in the CMOP. The CMOP pharmacists can reject a prescription sent from a VA Medical Center for a number of technical/medical situations.
Once filled, the US Postal Service, United Parcel Service, FedEx, or DHL deliver the prescriptions. Less than one percent of the fulfilled prescriptions do not get to the Veteran due to a variety of address and mailing reasons. The health care facility or clinic is notified of the prescription's completion electronically.
As of 2019, the annual workload of all of the combined CMOPs was approximately 120 million prescriptions, fulfilling 80 percent of the prescriptions needed by VA Medical Center and the Community Based Outpatient Clinics. The maximum turnaround time is 48 hours from the time an order is transmitted from a centralized database in Arizona and a prescription arrives at its final destination on average 2.2 days after it gets into the mail stream.
The North Charleston, Dallas, Hines, and Tucson CMOPs operate on two shifts per day. All remaining CMOPs operate on one shift per day with all locations running single shifts on an as-needed basis on Saturdays.
Controlled medicine prescriptions are fulfilled by only two (Murfreesboro and North Charleston) of the seven CMOPs.
At each CMOP there is a varied mix of government employees along with contract employees.
The CMOP program has won the J.D Power and Associates National Pharmacy Studies "Among The Best" award every year since 2009.
Government efficiencies.
Because of congressional interest in exploring if CMOP could provide cost savings for Department of Defense beneficiaries picking up outpatient refill prescriptions from military treatment facilities, the DOD and VA conducted a pilot program in FY 2003. In its 2005 report, GAO-05-555, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that the DOD could generate savings because CMOP's size allows it to negotiate volume discounts.
Since the report was written, there has been no action to merge the DoD and the VA CMOP operations.
Controversies.
MyHealtheVet Pill Bottle Caps.
In 2015 it was discovered that the caps on pill bottles advertising the VA's My HealtheVet web page were not appropriate. The pill bottles should have been capped with an approved cap, thus creating a cap and bottle "system" that was approved by the manufacturer. This oversight has since been corrected.
Illegal Gratuities Related to Hiring Temporary Pharmacist Employees.
On June 30, 2008 the US Department of Justice released information that the former director of the Hines, Illinois VA CMOP, Joel Gostomelsky, agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy and accepting illegal gratuities.
The plea agreement was filed June 30, 2008 in U.S. District Court in Chicago. Gostomelsky "admitted to conspiring with a subordinate between 2000 and 2007 to allow the subordinate to be involved in the hiring and supervising of temporary pharmacist employees supplied to the CMOP by a company owned by the subordinate's spouse." Gostomelsky initially was not telling the truth to the VA when he stated the subordinate had played no part in the ordering of this service and that the subordinate would not be involved with making decisions affecting the employees of the temporary staffing company.
Gostomelsky plead guilty to receiving illegal gratuities from 1998 till approximately 2005 from another vendor that also provided service to the CMOP in Hines, Illinois. He further admitted that the illegal gratuities helped him give contracts to the vendor providing the illegal gratuities.
He was the director of the CMOP in Hines from 1995 until April 2007. He faced up to five years in prison and up to $250,000 fine for one count of conspiracy and up to two years of imprisonment and up to $250,000 fine for one count of accepting illegal gratuities. (But only served four months in exchange for assisting the government in a subordinate case). This plea agreement is subject to the court's approval.
Fraudulent Markup of Tamper-Evident Tape.
On November 29, 2005, two employees at the Murfreesboro, Tennessee CMOP, Joseph Haymond and Natalie Coker, were indicted for accepting kickbacks from a vendor selling what was supposed to be tamper-evident red tape. In addition, vendor R. Michael Walsh was indicted.
From about August 1999 to July 2001, R Michael Walsh sold more than 100,000 rolls of red tape to the CMOP. Walsh paid his supplier about $2.50 per roll of tape, but Haymond instructed Walsh to charge the CMOP $6.51 per roll, a markup of more than 150%, and to give Haymond and Coker a kickback of $1.00 each for every roll of tape he sold to the CMOP. Coker and Haymond instructed CMOP employees to buy the tape in increments of less than $2,500 so that the CMOP employees could use their government credit cards, thereby avoiding using the VA's Acquisition Service Center. Coker and Haymond each received more than $100,000 in kickbacks from Walsh related to the red tape he sold to the CMOP at inflated prices.
On November 30, 2005, Haymond died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound outside his home in Auburntown, Tennessee. The case against him was dismissed on December 7, 2005.
On March 24, 2006, Walsh plead guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States.
Coker was charged with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, three counts of acceptance of bribes by a public official and one count of having a conflict of interest by participating as a government official in a matter involving a company with whom she was negotiating for prospective employment in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 371, 201(b)(2) and 208(a) and 216(a)(2), respectively. On March 24, 2006, Coker plead guilty to the conflict of interest charge. Coker began serving a 46-month prison sentence at Alderson Federal Prison on December 18, 2006. With time off for good behavior she will be eligible for release sometime in April, 2010. The January minutes of the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance disciplinary board shows that Natalie Coker's pharmacy license has been revoked due to "unprofessional conduct".
The third defendant in the case to plead guilty, Robert Michael Walsh, received 36 months probation and will be required to make restitution in the sum of $263,620. Walsh was given consideration for his complete cooperation and was given financial credit for having paid excess income tax of approximately $120,000. He had paid taxes on the kickbacks given to the other conspirators along with his own profit.
During Walsh's sentencing hearing it was brought out that the last conspirator who received monies from this enterprise, Dick Pruitt, has not been charged with any criminal offense. Dick Pruitt accepted about $20,000 from the scheme but was bought out early on by Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="7054230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054230" title="Viswanatha Swamy Temple, Palakkad">
Viswanatha Swamy Temple, Palakkad

Sri Visalakshi Sametha Sri Viswanatha Swamy temple, popularly known as Kasi Viswanathaswamy Temple, or locally as Kundukovil, is a famous Hindu temple located in the Kalpathy village of Palakkad in Kerala, India.
It is the main site of the annual Kalpathi Ratholsavam which is one of the most famous temple festivals of Kerala. This ancient temple nestles by the banks of the serene Kalpathy river ("Nila Nadhi"). Dedicate to Lord Siva and his consort Visalakshi (another name for Parvati), it dates back to early fifteenth century. The similarity to the Varanasi Kashi Viswanatha temple on the banks of Ganges is responsible for the moniker "kasiyil paathi kalpathy" and the name "Dakshina Kashi" associated with this temple. The Temple is surrounded by the four Tamil Brahmin "agraharams" or traditional villages: New Kalpathy, Old Kalpathy, Chathapuram and Govindarajapuram.
Antiquity and history.
There is an inscription in "kolezhuthu" on a stone slab placed in front of the temple between the flag staff and the Nandi Mandapam, outside the temple, but within the temple courtyard. This inscription records some endowments made by one Ittikombi Achan, member of the royal family of Palakkad in Malayalam Era 600 [1424–25 AD]. Evidently the temple must have been founded earlier than that.
The villagers, however, claim that the temple was consecrated at the instance of one Lakshmi Ammal, a Brahmin wife of Venkitanarayanaiyer of Kollengode. They are reported to have brought the Siva Lingam from Kasi (Varanasi) during one of her visits to that holy place and desired to construct a temple and install the Lingam. On reaching Kalpathy, she along with her husband and with the help of the then King of Palakkad Installed the Siva Lingam in Kalpathy and the idol is very powerful in blessing all, by showering all prosperities especially to Business community. The temple is on the banks of Nila River. Villagers believe that she approached the then Raja (Prince) of Palakkad with this request, who had readily agreed and constructed the temple. It is also said that Lakshmi Ammal had given the Prince 1320 gold coins and entrusted him with the responsibility of managing the temple affairs. A record to this effect kept on the palm leaves is believed to have been lost during the time of one Somasundara Kurukkal, who was the priest of the temple at that time. According to depositions by Sri Somasundara Kurukkal, it is believed that the Prince who Lakshmi Ammal approached was Ittilkombi Achan. Sri Somasundara Kurukkal has also confirmed that the Prince had entrusted the management of the temple to his descendants belonging to the "Valia Konikkal Madom". The Prince had also donated land for the upkeep and maintenance of the temple. The lands set apart for this temple came to be made "inam" or revenue-free by him and this was allowed to be continued as revenue free by the subsequent rulers, Tipu Sultan and later by the British Government. Even today the management of the temple continues to be in the hands of the Trustee, a descendant of the erstwhile princely family. Lakshmi Ammal also constructed three other temples in nearby Kollengode, Koduvayur and Pokkunni. Naturally she installed lingams brought from Varanasi. They are Brahmin (in kollengode) Ksahtriya (Koduvayur) Sudra ( Pokkunni in Kollengode).
The land reforms of the Government of recent times had deprived the temple of the income from these lands. The Temple at present is being run by the offerings of the devotees and vazhipadu collections. The first face of the inscription on the granite slab in front of the Temple contains the details of the lands given as gift to the temple with the four boundaries thereof. The agraharam sites of the four streets of Old Kalpathy, New Kalpathy, Chathapuram and Govindarajapuram are all included within the boundaries of the lands given, as described in the stone inscription. It is clear from this that the Brahmin houses in the four agraharams were in existence on the date of the gift mentioned in the stone inscription.
Structural location and layout.
The temple is situated at the bottom of eighteen steps leading from the eastern Gopuram. In the south-west direction of the temple is situated the temple of Sri Lakshminarayana Perumal of Old Kalpathy Village and Prasanna Maha Ganapathy of Chathapuram village, in the east the Kshipraprasada Maha Ganapathi Temple of Pandhrandaam Teruvu and the Manthakara Maha Ganapathi Temple of New Kalpathy village and in the east–west direction Sri Varadaraja Perumal of Govindarajapuram village. In the eastern direction at a distance of a kilometer is located the Chokkanathar temple of Chokkanathapuram village. On the right side while entering the temple, there are two banyan trees. The Serpent Gods [nagaprathishta] are consecrated beneath the first banyan tree, which is also the "sthala Vriksham". Pooja is performed for this tree and naga prathishta, treating it as "Vishnu Amsom".
The flag staff (Kodimaram) is erected in front of the temple. The stone slab describing the land given to the temple etc. is installed behind the flag mast. Close to the stone slab is the "Bhadralingam" and in front of it the "Gnana Nandikeswarar", facing Sri Viswanathaswamy. The eight sides of the "prakaram"(closed precincts of a temple) inside the Temple belongs to Indra, Agni, Yama, Niruruthi, Varuna, Vayu, Kubera, and Eesanan. The idol of Sri Viswanathaswamy is situated in the direction of Kubera facing east and close to this Sri Visalakshi facing south. In front of Sri Viswanathaswamy, Nandikeswarar appears in three forms. The three forms symbolise "Aathmathathwam", "Vidyathathwam" and "Sivathathwam". The moolavar in this temple is Sri Viswanathaswami.
Pooja Vidhi (religious services).
The idols of Sri Viswanathaswamy and Sri Visalakshi are attached to the pedestals by "Ashtabandhanam", a mixture of eight elements that help fix the idol to the "peetham" or base. The Viswanathaswamy idol is a "Bana Lingam". The Bana lingam extends four carpenter's "angul" (inch) higher than the pedestal. The circumference at the level of the pedestal may be about eight "angul"(inches). The Vishalakshi idol stands twenty four inches above the pedestal up to the top of the crown.
Pooja in temples are of two types: "aathmartham" and "parartham". The two differ in the "sankalpam". In the former, the sankalpam will be in the name of "yajamana" of the temple i.e. "udamasthan" or owner. In the latter the sankalpam will be in the name of all people. In the Sri Viswanathaswamy temple, the pooja performed is "aathmartham". The pooja in the temple is conducted on the pattern of the pooja held in the Mayuranathar Temple at Mayiladuthurai (formerly known as Mayavaram). Sri Subramania Kurukkal of Mayiladuthurai was the first "poojakar" (priest). The pooja is conducted according to the Tamil Agama. There are 28 types of Agamas. The pooja in this temple is being followed according to "Kamikagamam". Pooja is conducted four times a day: 5:45AM Usha Pooja, 9:45 AM Uchikala Pooja, 5:45 PM Deeparadhana, and 7:45 PM Ardhajama Pooja. The Ardhajama pooja is most important. It includes "dhara" and Abhishekam by milk daily. Performing Umamaheswara Pooja which costs ₹80/-is said to be of great value because both Lord Siva and Goddess Parvathy are said to be pleased by the Pooja if properly performed.
Recent news.
According to sastras, renovation and Kumbhabhishekham of temples are to be conducted once in twelve years in order to enhance the divine power of the Lord. The last "Jeernodharanam" and Kumbhabhishekham of this temple were conducted in 1956 and 1981, respectively. Thus, it has been more than 30 years since major repairs have been undertaken.
The temple structure including the "Garbhagrihams" ("sanctum sanctorum") has developed extensive damages and they require immediate attention to prevent further damages. Even though efforts were on for undertaking the repair works for the last several years, due to some reason or other they have not yielded the desired result. Now some serious efforts are on to undertake the work of Jeernodharanam to be followed by Maha Kumbhabhishekam ritual in order to enhance the divine power of the Lord. Sri K. Krishnan Embrandiri, Charactered Engineer and a renowned Temple Architect well-versed in vasthu shastras, was entrusted with the work of preparing the Renovation Project. He has prepared the estimates for the civil works connected with the Development/Renovation Project. Based on the project report of civil works involved and taking into consideration the expenditure involved for conducting the vedic rituals, veda parayanam, cultural events etc., an estimate of about 100 lakhs (10 million) Rupees has been prepared.
The Department of Tourism of the Kerala Government recently launched a Heritage Protection project at Kalpathy to preserve not only this magnificent temple, but also the Brahmin "agraharams" around it.

</doc>
<doc id="7054242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054242" title="Hermantown Minnesota">
Hermantown Minnesota



</doc>
<doc id="7054245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054245" title="Actuarial Exams">
Actuarial Exams



</doc>
<doc id="7054247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054247" title="Moth Smoke">
Moth Smoke

Moth Smoke is the debut novel by British Pakistani novelist Mohsin Hamid, published in 2000. It tells the story of Darashikoh Shezad, a banker in Lahore, Pakistan, who loses his job, falls in love with his best friend's wife, and plunges into a life of drugs and crime. It uses the historical trial of the liberal Mughal prince Dara Shikoh by his brother Aurangzeb as an allegory for the state of Pakistan at the time of the 1998 nuclear tests.
Synopsis.
Darashikoh, or Daru as he is referred to, is a mid-level banker with a short fuse. His aggression had served him well as a college-boxer but an out-of-character outburst gets him fired. The loss of income brings a widening gap between him and his classmates, and Daru exposes his bitterness to the wealthy in his commentary. This contrast in income, though present through their years at school becomes evident to Daru only now as he realizes that money and wealth mean more than his personal traits can offer.
He is content to interact with his rich friends all the same, and finds comfort in the arms of Mumtaz – Daru's best friend's wife. Mumtaz falls for Daru too, but unlike Daru, she is not an idealist. This mismatch of thought comes to the forefront soon after the long and rocky affair begins. While cuckolding his best friend, Daru is content to sell him drugs, which are socially acceptable among his friends. This life of duplicity leads to a spiralling loss of control in his life.
Reception.
In a highly positive review for "The New York Times", Jhumpa Lahiri compared Hamid to F. Scott Fitzgerald for depicting the "slippery ties between the extremely wealthy and those who hover, and generally stumble, in money’s glare". In "The New York Review of Books", Anita Desai noted: "One could not really continue to write, or read about, the slow seasonal changes, the rural backwaters, gossipy courtyards, and traditional families in a world taken over by gun-running, drug-trafficking, large-scale industrialism, commercial entrepreneurship, tourism, new money, nightclubs, boutiques... Where was the Huxley, the Orwell, the Scott Fitzgerald, or even the Tom Wolfe, Jay McInerney, or Brett Easton Ellis to record this new world? Mohsin Hamid's novel "Moth Smoke", set in Lahore, is one of the first pictures we have of that world."
Awards and nominations.
The novel won a Betty Trask Award, was a finalist for the PEN/Hemingway Award, and was a "New York Times" "Notable Book of The Year."
Adaptations.
The book was adapted into the 2002 Pakistani film, "Daira" (which translates to "circle" in Urdu). It was directed by Azfar Ali and stars Pakistani actor Shahzad Nawaz. A Hindi version was planned to be directed by Rahul Bose but could not materialise due to financial constraints.
External links.
General
Reviews

</doc>
<doc id="7054254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054254" title="Aisin-Gioro Ch'i-ying">
Aisin-Gioro Ch'i-ying



</doc>
<doc id="7054259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054259" title="Place notational system">
Place notational system



</doc>
<doc id="7054264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054264" title="Victoria Park (horse)">
Victoria Park (horse)

Victoria Park (1957–1985) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. He was the first Canadian-bred horse to place in an American Triple Crown race.
Background.
Victoria Park was a bay horse bred and raced by E. P. Taylor, at his Windfields Farm in Oshawa, Ontario.
Racing career.
At age two, the colt won the Clarendon Stakes plus the two richest 2-year-old races in Canada, the Coronation Futurity Stakes and Cup and Saucer Stakes, and was voted Canadian Champion 2-Yr-Old Colt.
In the 1960 Kentucky Derby, Victoria Park was ridden by Manuel Ycaza and finished third behind winner Venetian Way and Bally Ache. In the 1960 Preakness Stakes, ridden by Anthony DeSpirito, he ran second to Bally Ache, whom he had previously beaten in the Leonard Richards Stakes while setting a new Delaware Park track record. Victoria Park still holds the Delaware Park track record he set on June 18, 1960, of 1: for on dirt.
Owner E. P. Taylor chose to bypass the Belmont Stakes to return for Canada's most important race, the Queen's Plate. Victoria Park won that race in a record time that stood for more than 40 years. He was voted 1960's Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse and Canadian Horse of the Year.
Stud record.
Retired to stud, Victoria Park sired 25 stakes winners, including three Queen's Plate winners: Almoner (1970), Kennedy Road (1971), and Victoria Song (1972). He is the damsire of The Minstrel as well as the damsire of Northern Taste, who led the Japanese leading sires list for ten years, and topped the broodmare sires list a number of times.
On its formation in 1976, Victoria Park was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7054267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054267" title="Bicycle fairing">
Bicycle fairing

A bicycle fairing also called recumbent fairing is a full or partial covering for a bicycle to reduce aerodynamic drag or to protect the rider from the elements. It is more common to see recumbent bicycles with partial or full fairing. A bicycle with a full fairing is a regular bicycle fitted with an extra component, as opposed to a velomobile, which is a permanently enclosed bicycle.
Bodysock.
Fairings are available for the front and rear of the vehicle. Some riders also use a "bodysock," a fabric (usually lycra) covering which connects the front fairing and the rear fairing, enclosing the rider for even less drag. Socks can also be run from a front fairing to an A-shaped framework on the back of the seat. Or a "tailsock" can run from the back of the seat to the A-shaped framework. A tailsock using lycra fabric and small aluminium tubes adds very little weight. Front and rear fairings have been shown to be beneficial for long wheelbase bikes, but front fairings are less beneficial for short wheelbase bikes. Front fairings and bodysocks have the advantage of blocking wind and rain on cool days, and a bodysock can help block the sun on bright days.
Aerodynamic benefits.
Empirical results indicate that a faired tailbox can increase speed on a low short wheelbase bike by around 5 to 10%, but this has not been validated formally. The design of the fairing is important: a long, sealed fairing gives best compensation for the added weight; for road riding a tailbox may well not repay the weight penalty. The most exotic machines have lightweight full-body fairings, tested in wind tunnels, but these are not practical for street use. Indeed, the riders of many of these bikes must be taped in, and the bike launched by handlers on the outside.
Velomobile.
A velomobile has a fully enclosed body, is usually a three-wheeled design, and protects the rider in all weather.

</doc>
<doc id="7054272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054272" title="BC Legislature">
BC Legislature



</doc>
<doc id="7054275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054275" title="Sylvia Fricker Tyson">
Sylvia Fricker Tyson



</doc>
<doc id="7054277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054277" title="Wando (horse)">
Wando (horse)

Wando (February 23, 2000 – January 22, 2014) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 2003. Wando was bred by Gustav Schickedanz at his farm Schomberg Farms in Schomberg, Ontario and ridden mainly by jockey Patrick Husbands. The chestnut stallion raced with moderate success as a four-year-old, and was then retired on 12 May 2005 to stand at stud at Lane's End Farm near Lexington, Kentucky. In 2011, the stallion returned to Schomberg, where he died of a heart attack on January 22, 2014. He is buried at Schomberg Farms.
In 2014, Wando was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7054286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054286" title="Northwestern Steel &amp; Wire">
Northwestern Steel &amp; Wire



</doc>
<doc id="7054289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054289" title="Don &quot;DT&quot; Thompson">
Don &quot;DT&quot; Thompson



</doc>
<doc id="7054290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054290" title="Theodore Khoury">
Theodore Khoury

Adel Theodor Khoury (26 March 1930 – 14 July 2023) was a Lebanese Catholic theologian and historian of Christianity and Islam.
Biography.
Adel Theodor Khoury was born in Tebnine, Lebanon on 26 March 1930. After theological studies Khoury entered priesthood in 1953. He also pursued philosophy and Oriental studies in Beirut before receiving a doctoral degree in Lyon. From 1970 until his retirement in 1993 Khoury was professor of general religious studies ("Allgemeine Religionswissenschaft") in the Catholic-Theological Department of Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster, Germany, where he twice served as head of the department.
Khoury is notable for his publications on Islam and his efforts toward interfaith understanding. In 1985 he was named advisor of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue. In 1997 he was awarded the Austrian distinction "Grand Decoration of Honour" for his efforts to promote Christian-Muslim dialogue. His 12-volume commentary of the Quran (1990–2001) also won recognition in the Muslim world. His thematic concordance and German translation of the Quran was selected in Iran as "book of the year" in 2009.
Khoury was also known for his comprehensive surveys of Byzantine anti-Islamic polemics. His edition of dialogues of the Byzantine emperor Manuel II Palaiologos with an "educated Persian" gained wider attention when it was cited in a 2006 speech of Pope Benedict XVI which sparked worldwide controversy.
A Festschrift in honor of Khoury's 60th birthday was published in 1990.
In 2004, Khoury is said to have witnessed a miracle in Soufanieh, where Myrna Nazzour had stigmata. 
Khoury died in Bonn, Germany on 14 July 2023, at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="7054293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054293" title="DRF">
DRF



</doc>
<doc id="7054297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054297" title="Peteski">
Peteski

Peteski (1990–2001) was a Hall of Fame Champion Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 1993. He was sired by the U.S. Triple Crown winner Affirmed, and was out of the mare Vive, a daughter of Nureyev.
Peteski was owned and raced by American businessman and future United States Ambassador to Finland Earle I. Mack. The colt made just one start as a 2-year-old, finishing fifth in a Maiden special weight race at Greenwood Raceway.
Following his Triple Crown win, Peteski met two of that year's U.S. Triple Crown race winners in September's Molson Million. Up against Kentucky Derby winner Sea Hero and Belmont Stakes winner Colonial Affair, Peteski won.
Retired from racing, Peteski stood at stud at Darby Dan Farm near Lexington, Kentucky until 2000, after which he was moved to Pin Oak Lane Farm near New Freedom, Pennsylvania. He met with modest success as a sire.
Peteski died of colic in 2001. His story can be found on his own website put up by Pin Oak Lane Farm.
Peteski was elected to the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7054299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054299" title="Pootie Owl">
Pootie Owl



</doc>
<doc id="7054305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054305" title="Adel Theodor Khoury">
Adel Theodor Khoury



</doc>
<doc id="7054312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054312" title="My Father's Face">
My Father's Face

My Father's Face is an album recorded by American guitarist Leo Kottke, released in 1989. It is his second with producer T Bone Burnett.
The same year as the release of "My Father's Face" Kottke would be featured in a PBS feature, "Home and Away".
Track listing.
All songs by Leo Kottke

</doc>
<doc id="7054313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054313" title="Betzal'el">
Betzal'el



</doc>
<doc id="7054316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054316" title="Izvestia (horse)">
Izvestia (horse)

Izvestia (May 5, 1987 – October 21, 1991) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 1990.
A grandson of Nearctic, who sired the legendary Northern Dancer, his damsire Personality was the 1970 Co-American Horse of the Year. Owned and bred by Kinghaven Farms, Izvestia began racing in the United States, winning two Graded stakes races at the Keeneland Race Course in Kentucky. He was shipped north in the spring of 1990 to his home base at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto from which he won the Triple Crown. Having won it a year earlier on With Approval, jockey Don Seymour became the only jockey in history to ride two Canadian Triple Crown winners.
Izvestia's career ended on October 21, 1991, when he had to be humanely euthanized after breaking a left hind leg in three places while competing in the Rothmans International. In 1999, he was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
External links.
Izvestia's Triple Crown wins at YouTube:

</doc>
<doc id="7054319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054319" title="Strawberry Saroyan">
Strawberry Saroyan

Strawberry Saroyan (born 1970) is an American journalist and author. She writes for the "New York Times" Style section and "The New York Times Magazine", and is the author of the 2003 autobiography, "Girl Walks Into a Bar: A Memoir".
Life.
Saroyan is the daughter of minimalist poet Aram Saroyan and Gailyn Saroyan, and the granddaughter of playwright William Saroyan and actress Carol Grace. She spent her childhood in Bolinas, California, and she has a sister named Cream.

</doc>
<doc id="7054322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054322" title="Godfearer">
Godfearer



</doc>
<doc id="7054338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054338" title="Luis Chávez y González">
Luis Chávez y González

Luis Chávez y González (1901–1987) was the seventh Bishop and third Archbishop of San Salvador, El Salvador, and immediate predecessor of Archbishop Óscar Romero. Unlike Romero, who served for three years before being assassinated in 1980, Chávez had an archbishopric that was long and low key. Chávez was Archbishop of San Salvador for 38 years (1938–1977), longer than any other Salvadoran bishop. Like his more famous successor, Chávez is also a candidate for sainthood. His beatification process was started in June 2001.
Biography.
Chávez was born on April 24, 1901, in El Rosario, El Salvador in the Cuscatlán Department. Chávez and Pío Romero Bosque, a future president of El Salvador, were both students of a distinguished Salvadoran master, Néstor Salamanca, in Suchitoto, where Chávez would spend his latter years. He was ordained a priest at the age of 23, on November 16, 1924. He was parish priest in Ilobasco, San Juan Cojutepeque and the historic La Merced church in San Salvador. Fourteen years later, he was appointed Archbishop of San Salvador at the youthful age of 37. He was named on September 1, and consecrated on December 12, 1938, and would reign until his resignation on February 3, 1977. Chávez was an influential bishop in the region, making pastoral travels to neighboring sees, such as Matagalpa, Nicaragua, which he visited in 1942. That same year, Chávez organized a eucharistic congress to celebrate the first centennial of the San Salvador archdiocese. He also established a Central American Bishops' Conference. In 1945, Chávez authorized veneration of the Child Jesus of Bethlehem image that reportedly appeared at the beach in Acajutla, in Sonsonate, El Salvador.
Chávez had a conservative bent, inviting Opus Dei to establish bases in El Salvador. He approved the creation of a cinematic censorship office in 1963. Chávez also signed a bishops' letter warning against the dangers of Communism. But, Chávez was a prolific writer, and his 52 pastoral letters also included some that established a tradition of social justice in the archdiocese. In August 1966, he published an influential pastoral letter, "The responsibility of the layperson in the temporal order," which highlighted the Church's obligation to denounce injustice, the specific grievances of the Salvadoran people, and the attribution to those grievances to the accumulation of wealth in the hands of the few.
As archbishop, Chávez encouraged vocations, building the principal seminary in San Salvador, San José de la Montaña. He recruited Rutilio Grande into the priesthood and supported Jose Inocencio Alas who helped to introduce Liberation Theology to the country.
He was said to have been deeply influenced by the Second Vatican Council, implementing its progressive reforms in pastoral work throughout his archdiocese. Chávez is said to have attended every session of the Council, and was a member of its Central Planning Commission. He established an institute to teach the Social Doctrine of the Church, and sent priests to study abroad. Some of these priests came from rural families, not the urban middle class, and could have been more sympathetic to the peasant poor. Chávez encouraged peasant cooperatives as alternatives to agricultural sector expansion in the 1950s. He also sent priests to Canada to study the organization and function of peasants cooperatives. Similar communitarian activities were later advocated by the Salvadoran Christian Democratic Party (Partido Democrata Cristiano or PDC). In 1970, Oscar Romero, Chávez' eventual successor, was named auxiliary bishop of San Salvador—Chávez' second in command—but Romero was said to be cool to Chávez' reformist agenda, and was transferred out of the archdiocese in 1974. Chávez' new auxiliary would be Arturo Rivera y Damas, who would later also be archbishop.
Chávez maintained largely cordial relations with the government, as typified by his blessing the legislative palace in March 1973. Because of his long tenure, he had a hand in many institutions of Salvadoran Catholicism: he inaugurated the famous Savior of the World Monument at Plaza de Las Americas in western San Salvador; he presided over the reconstruction of the San Salvador Cathedral after the Old Cathedral burned in a fire in August 1951, and he established a cult to the Virgin of Fatima in El Salvador.
Chávez resigned as archbishop in 1977, the year he entered the mandatory retirement age for bishops, 75. Later that same year, his sister, Carmen Chávez de Hernández, died. After leaving the archdiocese, Chávez volunteered to work as parish priest of Suchitoto. Archbishop Romero told the story of the elderly Chávez volunteering for the job:
In May 1978, Chávez' work was acknowledged by an act of the Salvadoran legislature, which awarded him a special citation. Chávez died on March 27, 1987, as Archbishop Emeritus of San Salvador. In June 2001, the San Salvador archdiocese instituted a beatification process for Chávez. It was spearheaded by the same cleric who headed the diocesan investigation of the canonization cause for Archbishop Romero. In February 1996, Pope John Paul II may have bolstered the prospects of Chávez' sainthood when he called the prelate a "model of virtues" when he visited the Metropolitan Cathedral of the Holy Savior ("Catedral Metropolitana de San Salvador") where Chávez is buried. He added, referring to Chávez' and his two successors, "I am sure that they intercede for the Church that they loved and served until the end of their days, and whom they leave a particularly eloquent message."
Quotations.
"The people of El Salvador are highly dedicated to work, and I would thank those who are responsible for maintaining peace and order if they would give these people the opportunity to emerge from the poverty in which they find themselves to a state more worthy of a human being."
"Do you want to be a priest?" (to Rutilio Grande, later an assassinated cleric).

</doc>
<doc id="7054341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054341" title="With Approval">
With Approval

With Approval (May 9, 1986 – June 21, 2010) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 1989 under jockey Don Seymour. Even though he missed the rest of his three-year-old season due to injury, he was named the 1989 Canadian Horse of the Year.
At four, With Approval set a new world record of 2:10.26 for  miles on turf while winning the Bowling Green Handicap. He also finished second in the 1990 Breeders' Cup Turf and the Arlington Million. In 1993, With Approval was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
Background.
With Approval raced as a homebred for Donald G. Willmot's Kinghaven Farms. He inherited his gray coat from his sire Caro, an Irish-bred stallion who raced in France and was later imported into the United States. Caro was an important sire whose offspring included Kentucky Derby winning filly Winning Colors and Breeders' Cup Mile winner Cozzene.
With Approval's dam was Passing Mood, a stakes-winning mare by leading broodmare sire Buckpasser. Passing Mood, who was also the dam of Belmont Stakes winner Touch Gold, received the 1989 Sovereign Award for Outstanding Broodmare. With Approval is just one of several outstanding horses descended from Cool Mood, a stakes-winning daughter of Northern Dancer who was inducted into the Canadian Racing Hall of Fame in 2014.
With Approval was trained by Roger Attfield, who was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1999 and the American Hall of Fame in 2012. With Approval was known to the racing public as the "Cardiac Kid" for being involved in a number of close finishes. His handlers though called him 'Snoopy'. "He was always a very inquisitive horse and he'd love to stare around all the time and that's how he got the nickname 'Snoopy'," said Attfield in a later interview. "He was just a very inquisitive horse and the more the years went by the more he got to be that way. To get him from his barn to the paddock we'd have to leave a long time before we needed to because it took forever to walk him to the track. Every hundred yards he'd want to stop and look and if you tried to chase him on he'd get really annoyed."
Racing career.
Attfield thought With Approval was a promising colt from the middle of the summer of 1988. While in training for his first race though, With Approval got loose and ran towards the stable, hitting his shoulder going into the barn. Believing the colt would not quickly recover from the injury, Attfield did not enter With Approval in the prestigious Coronation Futurity. Instead, he gave the horse some extra time and With Approval made his first start on the turf at Woodbine on October 9, winning by two lengths. "When he broke his maiden I said in the papers that I'll win the Coronation," recalled Attfield. "But a friend of mine saw the quote and said to me, 'You'll not win that race because you haven't nominated him'." Instead With Approval was entered in the Display Stakes on the dirt and won by a head.
1989: three-year-old season.
With Approval started his three-year-old campaign at Gulfstream Park with a fifth place finish in an allowance race on February 2, 1999 but rebounded three weeks later with a win in another allowance race. He then finished second in the Tampa Bay Derby on March 19 before finishing sixth in the Flamingo Stakes.
With Approval was then shipped north to Woodbine Racetrack to begin prepping for the Queen's Plate, finishing second in the Queenston Stakes on May 14 to Domasca Dan. "He was a very proud horse but very frustrating early in his three-year-old year when Domasca Dan beat him in the Queenston," recalled Willmot. "He took the lead at the 3/16 pole and looked like he would win but then he pulled himself up and Domasca Dan beat him. On the dirt he was a tricky horse to ride so Donnie (jockey Don Seymour) learned very quickly that he had to wait until very late in the race to take the lead with him or he would do what his grandsire (Buckpasser) did." With Approval was next entered in the Marine Stakes on June 11 and then the Plate Trial Stakes on June 25, in both cases winning by a head.
The Queen's Plate is Canada's most prestigious race for three-year-olds and is also the first leg of the Canadian Triple Crown. With Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother in attendance, With Approval entered the race as the favorite in a field of fifteen. He raced near the back of the pack in the early going while trapped on the inside by other horses. He started making up ground down the backstretch and passed the early leaders then dueled down the stretch with Most Valiant. "I remember that (Hall of Fame trainer) Charlie Whittingham was there in the box next to us as we watched," said Willmot. "Between Most Valiant and With Approval you just couldn't tell who won, it was that close a finish. Of course, Charlie had seen a few races and while we were there fretting about did he get up and did he win it, Whittingham looked over and said, 'grey horse won it'!"
In the second leg of the Canadian Triple Crown, the Prince of Wales Stakes at Fort Erie Racetrack, With Approval was again the favorite. As expected, Domasca Dan set the early pace but this time With Approval stayed much closer to the pace to keep the pressure on the front runner. Entering the stretch, Most Valiant, who had been running to the outside of With Approval, moved to the inside and pulled into the lead. With Approval then started his move on the outside and the three horses dueled down the stretch. Domasca Dan inched back into the lead but With Approval kept closing, pulling ahead in the final strides to win by a head. "That's just the way he is," said Seymour. "When it comes down to the last 70 yards, that's when you've got to keep busy on him and make sure that he's paying attention. If you ask him a little too early from the eighth pole to the sixteenth pole, he'll relax on you, he'll think it's all over when he gets a head in front. This time I just decided to sit as long as I can until it's time to move. When I did make my move, I didn't miss a stride, I don't think."
The Canadian Triple Crown had not been won since Canebora in 1963. To raise interest in the series, the Bank of Montreal introduced a $1 million bonus in 1989 to any horse who could sweep the three races. Attfield was optimistic about With Approval's chances, feeling that the colt would improve when switching from the dirt surface on which he had won the first two legs of the Crown to the turf course over which the final race, the Breeders' Stakes, is run. With Approval had run on turf once before, in his first race, and had won by two lengths. "He's been training super," said Attfield. "He's in unbelievably good shape. He couldn't be better." With Approval rewarded Attfield's confidence with a seven-and-a-half-length victory in the Breeders' Stakes.
With Approval was injured after the Breeders' Stakes and finished the season with six wins and two second-place finishes from ten starts. He was named the Canadian Horse of the Year and Champion three-year-old. Kinghaven Farms, Roger Attfield and Don Seymour also earned Sovereign Awards for outstanding owner/breeder, trainer and jockey respectively.
1990: four-year-old season.
After a long layoff, With Approval returned to the racetrack on March 7, 1990, finishing sixth in an allowance race at Gulfstream Park. He then won an allowance race at Keeneland on April 24 before finishing ninth in the Pimlico Special on May 12. With Approval then headed north to win the Connaught Cup Stakes at Woodbine on June 3.
With Approval was then shipped to Belmont Park for the Bowling Green Handicap on June 17. He raced in third place for the first mile then moved to the lead on the final turn, drawing away down the stretch to win by lengths. His time of 2:10.26 for  miles on turf was not only a stakes record, but also established a world record. , it remains the official North America record for the distance.
With Approval followed up with a -length win over Alwuhush in the Tidal Handicap on July 7, setting another stakes record in the process. He then finished second behind El Senor in the Sword Dancer Handicap on July 28 before winning an allowance race at Woodbine on August 18. This was his final prep for the Arlington Million, in which he faced a strong field including the 1989 Million winner Steinlen and the 1989 Breeders' Cup Turf winner Prized. With Approval beat both of these but was caught in the final strides by Golden Pheasant. "Inside the eighth-pole, I said to myself, 'It's all yours'," said jockey Craig Perret. "Then I saw Golden Pheasant coming from the outside. We just couldn't keep up."
With Approval returned to Belmont Park for the Turf Classic Handicap on October 7, finishing third in another close finish to Caoethes. He made his last start in the Breeders' Cup Turf on October 27, facing a top quality field of horses from around the world that included Saumarez, winner of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, Golden Pheasant, Caoethes, Belmez, Alwuhush and El Senor. Before the race, Attfield was more concerned about the weather. "The rain will really bother this horse," he said. "He likes a rock-hard turf course. Before, we have pulled him out when the course has come up too soft, but you can't do that in this case. I know the course will be soft; I just hope it won't be too soft." After trailing early, With Approval took the lead coming down the stretch but was then caught by French-based In the Wings in the final strides. "He ran a strong, powerful race," said Perret. "He ran really tough down the lane. He just got beat in the last 70 yards."
With Approval finished the year with five wins, three seconds and a third from eleven starts. Because he spent most of the year racing in the United States, With Approval was not eligible for Sovereign Award voting in 1990, which requires that a horse race three times in Canada.
In 1993, With Approval was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
Retirement.
With Approval was retired from racing after the 1990 season and sent to stud at Live Oak Stud near Ocala, Florida. In 2006, he was acquired by Landwades Stud in Moulton, Suffolk, United Kingdom, where he stood until his death.
As a stallion, he sired Talkin Man, the 1994 Canadian Champion 2-Year-Old Colt and 1995 Wood Memorial Stakes winner who in turn sired Better Talk Now, the 2004 winner of the Breeders' Cup Turf. He is the damsire of Miesque's Approval, winner of the 2006 Breeders' Cup Mile.
With Approval was euthanized on June 21, 2010 due to the infirmities of old age.

</doc>
<doc id="7054354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054354" title="Torrington and Marland Railway">
Torrington and Marland Railway

The Torrington and Marland Railway was a narrow gauge built to carry clay from the quarries at Clay Moor to Torrington in north Devon.
History.
The line was surveyed in 1879 by John Barraclough Fell who was also the consulting engineer to the nearby Pentewan Railway. Fell's survey was notable for its use of ten wooden viaducts, which were an unusual feature for a British railway.
The railway was a private line, built to serve clay traffic, but part of the agreement with the landowners over whose land it passed was that it would carry local passengers. Steam locomotives were used on both the main railway and the internal lines in the clay pits.
In 1925 the main line was replaced with a standard gauge branch of the North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway. The Torrington and Marland was cut back to a stub and the internal quarry lines. These continued in use until 1971 when the line finally closed.

</doc>
<doc id="7054369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054369" title="The Reluctant Fundamentalist">
The Reluctant Fundamentalist

The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a "metafictional" novel by Pakistani author Mohsin Hamid, published in 2007.
The novel uses the technique of a frame story, which takes place during the course of a single evening in an outdoor Lahore cafe, where a bearded Pakistani man called Changez tells a nervous American stranger about his love affair with an American woman, and his eventual abandonment of America. A short story adapted from the novel, called "Focus on the Fundamentals," appeared in the fall 2006 issue of "The Paris Review". A film adaptation of the novel by director Mira Nair premiered at the 2012 Venice Film Festival.
Plot.
The story begins in the streets of Lahore. A Pakistani man, Changez, offers to direct an American visitor where he can find a good cup of tea. As they wait for their tea, Changez begins to weave a long story about his life, especially his time living in the United States – in between making remarks about the history, landmarks and society of Lahore, his native city which he loves and of which he is proud. The unnamed American is restless but remains to listen.
Changez tells the American he was an "excellent" student who, after completing his bachelor's degree in finance, joined Underwood Samson, a consultancy firm, as an analyst. After graduating from Princeton University, he vacationed in Greece with fellow Princetonians, where he met Erica, an aspiring writer. He was instantly smitten by her, but his feelings remained almost unrequited because she was still grieving over the death of her childhood sweetheart Christopher Zee, who succumbed to lung cancer. After a date, they return to his place and he proceeds to have sex with her, but stops because her emotional attachment to Chris prevents her from becoming aroused. After this incident there is an interlude where neither contacts each other. But soon they go on another date, after which they have sex when Changez convinces Erica to close her eyes and fantasize that she is with Chris. Though Changez is satisfied at this development in their relationship, this irreversibly damages their relationship. Soon she begins treatment in a mental institution. He notices she is physically emaciated and no longer her former self. After this meeting he travels to Chile on an assignment. When he returns to meet her, it is found that she has left the institution and her clothes were found near the Hudson River. Officially she is stated as a missing person, as her body has not been found. 
In his professional life, he impresses his peers and gets earmarked by his superiors for his work, especially Jim, the person who recruited him, develops a good rapport with him, and holds him in high esteem. This prompts the firm to send him to offshore assignments in the Philippines and Valparaíso, Chile. In Chile, he is very distracted due to developments in the world and, responding to the parabolic suggestion of the publisher his company is there to assess (which would lead to its breakup), he visits the nearby preserved home of the late left-wing poet Pablo Neruda and comes to see himself as a servant of the American empire that has constantly interfered with and manipulated his homeland. He returns from Chile to New York without completing the assignment and ends up losing his job.
Politically, Changez is surprised by his own reaction to the September 11 attacks. "Yes, despicable as it may sound, my initial reaction was to be remarkably pleased", he tells the American. He observes the air of suspicion towards Pakistanis. Changez, due to his privileged position in society, is not among those detained or otherwise abused, but he notices a change in his treatment in public. To express solidarity with his countrymen after his trip to Chile, he starts to grow a beard. After the 2001 Indian Parliament attack, India and Pakistan mobilize leading to a standoff. Noticing the US response to this situation, he has an epiphany that his country is being used as a pawn. With no job, an expiring visa and no reason to stay in the United States, he moves back to Lahore.
After returning to Lahore, he becomes a professor of finance at the local university. His experience and insight in world issues gains his admiration among students. As a result, he becomes a mentor to large groups of students on various issues. He and his students actively participate in demonstrations against policies that were detrimental to the sovereignty of Pakistan. Changez advocates nonviolence, but a relatively unknown student gets apprehended for an assassination attempt on an American representative, which brings the spotlight on Changez. In a widely televised interview, he strongly criticizes the militarism of U.S. foreign policy. This act makes people surrounding him think that someone might be sent to intimidate him or worse.
As they sit in the cafe, Changez keeps noting that the American stranger is very apprehensive of their surroundings, that he is in possession of a sophisticated satellite phone on which he is repeatedly messaging, and that under his clothing there is a bulge which might be a gun. Changez walks the stranger toward his hotel. As they walk, the American, now highly suspicious that he is in immediate danger, reaches into his pocket, possibly for a gun. Changez says he trusts it is simply his holder of business cards. But the novel ends without revealing what was in his pocket, leaving the reader to wonder if the stranger was a CIA agent, possibly there to kill Changez, or if Changez, in collusion with the waiter from the cafe, had planned all along to do harm to the American.
Style.
"The Reluctant Fundamentalist" is an example of a dramatic monologue and autodiegetic narration.
Reception.
Upon release, it was generally well-received. Globally, "Complete Review" says "Generally very impressed".
On 5 November 2019, the BBC News listed "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" on its list of the 100 most influential novels.
Academic reception.
In 2007, Davidson College assigned this book to all incoming freshmen as a topic for later discussion during Freshman Orientation. This book kicked off the theme of the school's 2007-08 year, which focused on diversity. The following year, Tulane University gave the novel to all new undergraduates as part of the Tulane University Reading Project. In 2009, the University of St Andrews announced that they would be sending a free copy of "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" to all of 1,500 new undergraduates as part of a new incentive to "offer students a common topic for discussion and focus energies on reading and intellectual debate". In 2010, Washington University in St. Louis gave the book to each of its incoming freshmen, as a part of the "Freshmen Reading Program." Georgetown University chose this book for incoming freshmen's summer reading. Ursinus College has incorporated the novel into their unique Common Intellectual Experience for freshmen students. Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas uses the book in all honors rhetoric classes for first-year students. Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa and Siena College in Loudonville, New York use the novel as an introduction to their First Year Seminar programs. Lehigh University assigned all incoming freshman this novel in 2012. Rollins College has assigned this novel to their incoming freshmen as part of their summer reading program. The University of Evansville in Indiana uses the novel as a tool in the freshman First Year Seminar program. This program has the purpose of engaging incoming first-year students to topics of leadership and citizenship. Bucknell University chose it for the first year common reading for the Class of 2018. The University of Pretoria has this novel as part of the set work and reading list for English 220. CUNY Hunter College's department of English assigns this book in an Asian American literature course for public discourse and a level of understanding of a post-9/11 age in America.
In his critique entitled "Mohsin Hamid Engages the World in "The Reluctant Fundamentalist"," M. S. E. Madiou goes against mainstream criticism, analyzing the historical and artistic contingencies Mohsin Hamid has faced while writing his novel focusing on 9/11 as one of Hamid's "Eureka" moments that has significantly contributed to the production of his novel.
Commercial reception.
"The Reluctant Fundamentalist" became a million-copy international best-seller. It reached No. 4 on the New York Times Best Seller list.
Adaptations.
BBC Radio 4 began broadcasting an abridged version on 22 August 2011, read by British actor Riz Ahmed.
A film of the same name was directed by Mira Nair and premiered in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="7054381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054381" title="Alfred T. A. Torbert">
Alfred T. A. Torbert



</doc>
<doc id="7054382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054382" title="Esther Martinez">
Esther Martinez

Esther Martinez also known as Estefanita Martinez (1912 – September 16, 2006) was a linguist and storyteller for the Tewa people of New Mexico. Martinez was given the Tewa name P’oe Tsą́wą̈́ (meaning Blue Water) and was also known by various affectionate names, including "Ko'oe Esther" and "Aunt Esther."
She lived to be 94 years old, and was known for her commitment to preserving the Tewa language. Her "San Juan Pueblo Tewa Dictionary" was published in 1982.
Biography.
Martinez grew up in the Southwest. She was born in Ignacio, Colorado, where she lived with her parents; later, she lived with her grandparents in Ohkay Owingeh. Later in life, she would write:
"You who have grandparents to talk to are so lucky, because I treasure my grandparents and the things that I have learned from them. My grandfather was a storyteller. Indian people get their lessons from stories they were told as children. So a lot of our stories are learning experiences".
Martinez attended the Santa Fe Indian School and the Albuquerque Indian School, graduating from the latter in 1930. 
"That she survived her years in boarding school and went on to help her community by perpetuating the language is a powerful statement," said her grandson, Matthew J. Martinez. "No matter the harsh conditions, she still carried that desire to hold on to her language and culture and document it and pass it on," said Martinez, who learned Tewa from her." 
As an adult, Esther Martinez would become one of the greatest champions in the fight to preserve the Tewa language. New Mexico's first lady, Barbara Richardson, said "She went on to almost single-handedly save the Tewa language."
After graduation, she raised ten children and worked various cooking and cleaning jobs. In the mid-60s, while she was working at John F. Kennedy Middle School in Pueblo, she met a linguist, Randall Speirs, who asked for her help in documenting the Tewa language. She worked with him during the 1960s and 1970s to develop a Tewa language dictionary.
From about 1974 to 1989, Martinez taught Tewa at Ohkay Owingeh. She translated the New Testament into Tewa, in association with Wycliffe Bible Translators. She also wrote a collection of stories, "My Life In San Juan Pueblo: Stories of Esther Martinez", published by University of Illinois Press in 2004, which received the Elli Köngäs-Maranda Prize. 
Martinez received an honorary Bachelor of Arts in Early Childhood Education from Northern New Mexico College in 2006, where she worked with the Northern Pueblo Institute. She served as a traditional storyteller for the National Park Service.
On September 16, 2006, Martinez was returning home from Washington, D.C., where she had been awarded a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts, at a banquet in the Great Hall of the Library of Congress. Near Española, New Mexico, the car in which she was riding was hit by another vehicle, whose driver had been drinking. Martinez was killed in the crash, which occurred only a few miles from her home.
Legacy.
In December 2006, US H.R. 4766, the Esther Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act, was signed into law, authorizing funding for new programs that tribes will use to prevent the loss of heritage and culture. As of Sept. 15, 2012, members of the New Mexico congressional delegation have introduced legislation to extend the program for another five years.
The "San Juan Pueblo Tewa Dictionary", written by Martinez in 1992, was described as "one of the most remarkable of these efforts at documentation of an endangered language," ... [by] Melissa Axelrod, associate professor of linguistics at the University of New Mexico. "It has a wealth of vocabulary and grammatical information and is rich with cultural nuance."
As of 2008, her grandson, Dr. Matthew J. Martinez "serves on the Ohkay Owingeh School Board, where he is assisting in the implementation and support of the Tewa language curriculum."

</doc>
<doc id="7054385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054385" title="Canebora">
Canebora

Canebora (foaled in 1960 in Ontario) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 1963 and was voted the Sovereign Award for Horse of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="7054398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054398" title="Brian Wilson (Northern Ireland Green politician)">
Brian Wilson (Northern Ireland Green politician)



</doc>
<doc id="7054400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054400" title="Aholiav">
Aholiav



</doc>
<doc id="7054401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054401" title="Aholi'av">
Aholi'av



</doc>
<doc id="7054403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054403" title="New Providence (horse)">
New Providence (horse)

New Providence (1956–1981) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who in 1959 became the first official winner of the Canadian Triple Crown.
Retired to stud duty at owner E. P. Taylor's Windfields Farm in Oshawa, Ontario, New Providence sired a number of good runners of which his daughter South Ocean, a Canadian Oaks winner, would prove to be the most significant. A Canadian Hall of Fame inductee herself, South Ocean was the dam of Canadian Hall of Fame inductees Northernette and Storm Bird, the latter in turn the sire of Storm Cat.
New Providence died in 1981 and is buried at Windfields Farm. In 1982 he was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame and Woodbine Racetrack created the New Providence Stakes in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="7054405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054405" title="Stratton Mills">
Stratton Mills

William Stratton Mills (born 1 July 1932) is a retired solicitor and former politician in Northern Ireland.
Mills was the first Member of Parliament (MP) for the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland to sit in the British House of Commons, although he was first elected as a member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP).
Life.
Stratton Mills was educated at Campbell College, Belfast and Queen's University, Belfast. A solicitor by profession, Mills was elected as the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) MP for Belfast North in the 1959 general election. He held his seat in subsequent elections, but in 1972 he refused to join the other UUP MPs in resigning the Conservative Party whip. He instead resigned from the UUP, describing himself as an independent Unionist and Conservative MP.
In August 1969, at the outset of The Troubles, Mills travelled with Robin Bailie to the United States to counter the fund raising efforts of Bernadette Devlin, and to promote the Unionist point of view to an American audience. Mills referred to Devlin as "a female Castro in a miniskirt" and questioned if the funds collected were to be used for Catholic relief or to further violence. Devlin responded that the $200,000 in contributions was to be administered by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association for the benefit of riot victims.
In December 1971, Mills derided the Republic of Ireland for being a safe haven for members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. He stated that extradition requests for Dublin to turn over IRA members living in the Republic were ignored and on 22 occasions where British security forces came under fire from IRA members stationed at the nearby border of the Irish Republic and that Irish security forces sat by and took no action in stopping them. He also pointed out how IRA members operated freely in the Republic, including collecting money from local supporters, training camps, public meetings, and recruiting volunteers. He also pointed out how much of the gelignite used as explosives in detonating targets in Northern Ireland originated from the Republic:
[S]ome 60 percent of the gelignite used in Northern Ireland has come from Southern Ireland, and the security authorities believe that the figure might well be higher than that because of the difficulty of definite identification in all cases. In Northern Ireland steps are taken to control the use and distribution of gelignite. Certain steps have been taken recently in the South, but there is a great need for much tighter measures.
In 1973, Mills joined the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland. He retired from the House in 1974. He was also a partner in a solicitors firm, and served on Northern Ireland's Historic Buildings Council. Mills is a member of the Ulster Architectural Heritage Society and the Irish Georgian Society. He lives in Malone Park, Belfast.
Following the death of Lord Morris of Aberavon on 5 June 2023, Mills became the last surviving former MP elected in the 1959 general election and the surviving former MP with the earliest date of first election.

</doc>
<doc id="7054408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054408" title="William Sitgreaves Cox">
William Sitgreaves Cox

William Sitgreaves Cox (1790–1874) was an American sailor during the War of 1812. He was serving as acting lieutenant aboard the USS "Chesapeake" at the time of its capture by HMS "Shannon". Cox was subsequently court-martialed for his actions during that engagement and discharged from the Navy. After advocacy from his descendants, his rank was restored by President Harry S Truman.
Early life.
Cox was born in Philadelphia in 1790. He attended Princeton, convocating in 1808.
Naval career.
He joined the United States Navy in January 1809, with the rank of midshipman and was assigned to the "President". Shortly thereafter he went on furlough in the East Indies, returning in 1811 with an assignment to the "Argus". After the War of 1812 began, he and his commanding officer were assigned to the "Hornet"; when they transferred to the USS "Chesapeake" in 1813, Cox was named acting lieutenant.
During the battle with HMS "Shannon" in June 1813, Cox served in charge of gun crews. Captain James Lawrence was wounded, and Lt. Cox took him below deck. However, all other officers had been seriously wounded or killed, so Lawrence's incapacitation left Cox, the senior non-wounded officer, the ship's commanding officer. It is unclear whether he realized that he was now the acting commanding officer. While he was below the ship was boarded. Returning from below, Cox and Midshipman Russell saw that two 18-pounder cannon, right aft on the port side, still bore on the enemy ship. Working between them, they managed to fire both. While he was working the guns there was a rush of American seamen bent on escaping the British boarders by going down the main hatch to the safety of the berth deck. Seeing this, Lt. Cox called to them, "You damned cowardly sons of bitches! What are you jumping below for?" When asked by a nearby midshipman if he should stop them by cutting a few down, Cox replied, "No sir, it is of no use." On the Chesapeake being taken by the British he was made prisoner. After being exchanged he was promoted to third lieutenant.
He was convicted in 1814 by court-martial of dereliction of duty and conduct for abandoning his watch station while under fire. He was discharged from the Navy in disgrace.
Later life.
After his discharge, Cox briefly served as a private in the militia. He later worked as a pharmacist and a real estate broker. He and his wife, the former Elizabeth Banks, had at least two daughters and one son. Cox died on October 19, 1874.
Legacy.
Cox's role on the "Chesapeake" was mentioned by Theodore Roosevelt in his book "The Naval War of 1812". In this work, Roosevelt initially stated that Cox had acted "basely"; however, he received such pushback from Cox's relatives that he removed this statement in later editions of the book and apologized.
Cox's great-grandson, the New York architect Electus D. Litchfield, campaigned for nearly 20 years to have the conviction overturned. In 1952, after passage of a resolution of Congress in support of Cox, President Harry S Truman cleared Cox's name and restored his rank.

</doc>
<doc id="7054418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054418" title="William Stratton Mills">
William Stratton Mills



</doc>
<doc id="7054423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054423" title="On The Last Day">
On The Last Day



</doc>
<doc id="7054424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054424" title="Harald Motzki">
Harald Motzki

Harald Motzki (1948–2019) was a German-trained Islamic scholar who wrote on the transmission of hadith. He received his doctorate in Islamic Studies in 1978 from the University of Bonn. He was a professor of Islamic Studies at Nijmegen University (Radboud Universitet Nijmegen) in the Netherlands.
Motzki had been called by fellow scholar of Islam, Christopher Melchert, "the undisputed dean of hadith studies".
Motzki died on February 8, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="7054427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054427" title="H. Motzki">
H. Motzki



</doc>
<doc id="7054430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054430" title="Li Yin-he">
Li Yin-he



</doc>
<doc id="7054434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054434" title="Yinhe Li">
Yinhe Li



</doc>
<doc id="7054447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054447" title="The Lovehammers">
The Lovehammers



</doc>
<doc id="7054449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054449" title="Dkm bismarck">
Dkm bismarck



</doc>
<doc id="7054458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054458" title="3 laws of physics">
3 laws of physics



</doc>
<doc id="7054466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054466" title="Hms revenge">
Hms revenge



</doc>
<doc id="7054473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054473" title="Regards from Chuck Pink">
Regards from Chuck Pink

Regards from Chuck Pink is an album by American guitarist Leo Kottke, released in 1988.
The song "Busy Signal" is the only song by Leo Kottke nominated for a Grammy award. He did receive another nomination for his soundtrack when "The Paul Bunyan Story", narrated by Jonathan Winters, was nominated.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Jim Esch wrote of the album "As a whole, the vibe is somewhat lighter in touch, leaning toward jazz and new age shadings with splashes of synth guitar, violin, and electronic woodwinds for accompaniment... Although Chuck Pink doesn't have the fire in the belly of his earlier work, Kottke hasn't lost his feel for a catchy rhythmic groove and his interpretive reach has grown over the years."
Track listing.
All songs by Leo Kottke

</doc>
<doc id="7054481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054481" title="FABULAND">
FABULAND



</doc>
<doc id="7054506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054506" title="Interosseous membrane of leg">
Interosseous membrane of leg

The interosseous membrane of the leg (middle tibiofibular ligament) extends between the interosseous crests of the tibia and fibula, helps stabilize the Tib-Fib relationship and separates the muscles on the front from those on the back of the leg.
It consists of a thin, aponeurotic joint lamina composed of oblique fibers, which for the most part run downward and lateralward; some few fibers, however, pass in the opposite direction.
It is broader above than below. Its upper margin does not quite reach the tibiofibular joint, but presents a free concave border, above which is a large, oval aperture for the passage of the anterior tibial vessels to the front of the leg.
In its lower part is an opening for the passage of the anterior peroneal vessels.
It is continuous below with the interosseous ligament of the tibiofibular syndesmosis, and presents numerous perforations for the passage of small vessels.
It is in relation, in front, with the Tibialis anterior, Extensor digitorum longus, Extensor hallucis proprius, Peronæus tertius, and the anterior tibial vessels and deep peroneal nerve; behind, with the Tibialis posterior and Flexor hallucis longus.

</doc>
<doc id="7054509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054509" title="Someshvara III">
Someshvara III

Someshvara III (; ) was a Western Chalukya king (also known as the Kalyani Chalukyas), the son and successor of Vikramaditya VI. He ascended the throne of the Western Chalukya Kingdom in 1126, or 1127.
Someshvara III, the third king in this dynasty named after the Hindu god Shiva made numerous land grants to cause of Shaivism and its monastic scholarship. These monasteries in the Indian peninsula became centers of the study of the Vedas and Hindu philosophies such as the Nyaya school. Someshvara III died in 1138, and succeeded by his son Jagadekamalla.
Someshvara was a noted historian, scholar, and poet. He authored the Sanskrit encyclopedic text "Manasollasa" touching upon such topics as polity, governance, astronomy, astrology, rhetoric, medicine, food, architecture, painting, poetry, dance and music – making his work a valuable modern source of socio-cultural information of the 11th- and 12th-century India. He also authored, in Sanskrit, an incomplete biography of his father Vikramaditya VI, called "Vikramankabhyudaya." His scholarly pursuits was the reason he held such titles as "Sarvadnya-bhupa" ("lit", "the king who knows everything") and "Bhulokamala" ("the king who is lord of all living beings").
The "Manasollasa".
Someshvara III is credited with composing "" () (meaning "the refresher of the mind") or the (the magical stone that fulfills desires). It is an encyclopedic work in Sanskrit. The treatise deals with a wide range of topics (100 topics), which include the approach to acquire a kingdom, methods of establishing it and royal enjoyment. It contains valuable information regarding Indian art, architecture, cuisine, ornaments, sports, music and dance. It includes recipes for the king's favorite dishes including several types of rice, vegetables, meats and various sweets. In addition to milk based sweets it includes recipes for fried sweets like "golamu", "pantua" and "gharika".
The "Vikramankabhyudaya".
"Vikramankabhyudaya," a text found in 1925, is a historical document written by Someshvara III, in the form of a biography of his father. The first chapter provides a detailed description of the geography and people of Karnataka, the second chapter explains the grandeur of Kalyan, the capital city of the Western Chalukya Empire. The long third chapter pertains to the history of the Chalukyas starting with a legendary story ending with the sixteenth year of Someshvara III's father, Vikramaditya VI reign when the latter began his war of victory, "Digvijaya". However, the last chapter is incomplete as it terminates abruptly as: "The Brahmanas and the ladies on that day..."

</doc>
<doc id="7054511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054511" title="Middle tibiofibular ligament">
Middle tibiofibular ligament



</doc>
<doc id="7054512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054512" title="Hellbound (Angel episode)">
Hellbound (Angel episode)



</doc>
<doc id="7054515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054515" title="Peace of paris">
Peace of paris



</doc>
<doc id="7054519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054519" title="Mooney Bravo">
Mooney Bravo



</doc>
<doc id="7054521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054521" title="Adam Lewis Schroeder">
Adam Lewis Schroeder

Adam Lewis Schroeder is a Canadian novelist and short story writer.
He has an MFA in creative Writing from the University of British Columbia. In 2001 Raincoast Books published his short fiction collection "Kingdom of Monkeys", which was shortlisted for the Danuta Gleed Award, awarded annually to the best Canadian debut collection. His first novel, "Empress of Asia" was published in 2006 and was a finalist for the Amazon.ca/Books in Canada First Novel Award. His more recent novels include "In the Fabled East" (2010) and "All-Day Breakfast" (2015), both published by Douglas &amp; McIntyre. In 2016, "All-Day Breakfast" was shortlisted for a ReLit Award.
Schroeder lives in Penticton with his wife Nicole and their sons Jimmy and Finn.

</doc>
<doc id="7054529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054529" title="Quranic religions">
Quranic religions



</doc>
<doc id="7054531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054531" title="International Congress on Buddhist Women's Role in the Sangha">
International Congress on Buddhist Women's Role in the Sangha

The International Congress on Buddhist Women's Role in the Sangha: Bhikshuni Vinaya and Ordination Lineages was an historic event that took place July 18–20, 2007. It was a meeting of internationally recognized Buddhist scholars specializing in monastic discipline and history, as well as practitioners. It was expected to be the final discussion of a decades-long dialogue about re-establishing full bhikshuni ordination in Buddhist traditions. Papers and research based on Buddhist texts and contemporary practice traditions in China, Korea, Taiwan, Tibet, and South Asia were presented, between them the "Abstract: The Eight Garudhammas". The fourteenth Dalai Lama attended the final day of the conference and conclusions. His letter of support is available to the public (see references below).
Discussions, amongst both scholars and practitioners, at the first Congress were planned primarily about the Tibetan Buddhist tradition. Other Bhikkshuni lineages which could be restored were also expected to be on the agenda. The Congress was held at University of Hamburg, Germany, July 18–20, 2007, hosted by the University of Hamburg's Asia-Africa Institute.
After statements from the many bhikkus and bhikkshunis present, the Dalai Lama announced that, while he supported the case, he needed to discuss the matter with senior lamas representing the different schools of Tibetan Buddhism to gain a consensus view. He added that from 2008 (or if possible 2007) nuns were to practice three monastic ceremonies, posadha, vassa and pavarana, as preparation for the establishment of a Bhikkhuni Sangha in the near future. These, he declared, should be held in Tibetan and follow the dharmaguptaka vinaya. A full statement was issued by the Dalai Lama detailing this.
Bhikshuni and Yogini Tenzin Palmo—a member of the Committee of Western Bhikshunis—belonging to Drukpa Lineage of the Kagyu school in her statement "A brief overview of the situation for nuns in the Tibetan Tradition" elaborated that in spite of full Bhikshuni ordination monks had not to be afraid because according to vinaya they were going to keep their higher position.
The six-member 'Committee of Western Bhikshunis' is an organisation of senior Western nuns supported by two Advisors from Taiwan (Ven. Bhiksuni Heng-ching Shih, Professor of Philosophy at Taiwan National University (Gelongma ordination 1975 in San Francisco) and Ven. Bhikshuni Wu-yin, Vinaya Master). It was formed in the autumn of 2005, after the Dalai Lama told Bhikshuni Jampa Tsedroen that the Western bhikshunis should be more involved in helping to establish the bhikshuni ordination in the Tibetan tradition.
To help establish the Bhikshuni Sangha (community of fully ordained nuns) where it does not currently exist had already been declared in 1987 one of the objectives of Sakyadhita, as expressed at its founding meeting in 1987 in Bodhgaya, India.
The eight Garudhammas/Gurudharmas of the Bhikshuni Vinaya.
The basic difference between Bhikshuni Vinaya and Bhikshu Vinaya (= discipline) are the eight rules of respect, known as The Eight Garudhammas. According to scripture and legend they have come from Buddha Shakyamuni himself.
Buddha: Ananda, if Mahapajapati Gotami accepts eight vows of respect, that will be her full ordination (upasampada).
"(1) A bhikkhuni who has been fully ordained even for more than a century must bow down, rise up from her seat, salute with hands palm-to-palm over her heart, and perform the duties of respect to a bhikkhu even if he has been fully ordained only a day. This rule is to be honored, respected, revered, venerated, never to be transgressed as long as she lives."
"(2)A bhikkhuni must not spend the rains in a residence where there is no bhikkhu...
"(3) Every half-month a bhikkhuni should request two things from the Bhikkhu Sangha: she should ask for the date of the uposatha day and come for an exhortation...
"(4) At the end of the Rains-residence, a bhikkhuni should invite (criticism both from) the Bhikkhu Sangha and the Bhikkhuni Sangha on any of three grounds: what they have seen, what they have heard, what they have suspected...
"(5) A bhikkhuni who has broken any of the vows of respect must undergo penance for half a month under both Sanghas...
"(6) Only after a probationer has trained in the six precepts for two years should she request ordination from both Sanghas...
"(7) A bhikkhu must not in any way be insulted or reviled by a bhikkhuni...
"(8) From this day forward, the admonition of a bhikkhu by a bhikkhuni is forbidden, but the admonition of a bhikkhuni by a bhikkhu is not forbidden. This rule, too, is to be honored, respected, revered, venerated, never to be transgressed as long as she lives.
Buddha: "If Mahapajapati Gotami accepts these eight vows of respect, that will be her full ordination."
Procedure of Women Ordination.
Alexander Berzin states: "The ordination procedure involves asking the candidates a list of questions concerning impediments (bar-chad-kyi chos, Skt. antarayikadharma, Pali: antarayikadhamma) she may have that might hinder her from keeping the full set of vows. In addition to the questions asked in common with candidates for bhikshu ordination, these include further questions concerning her anatomy as a female."
Important quotations on equality of buddhist nuns.
Equality of Full Ordination
taken from the interview with Bhikshuni Thubten Chodron, Committee of Western Bhikshunis
Discriminating against buddhist nuns within Full Ordination
taken from Berzin Summary Report
Equality generally speaking
taken from Berzin Summary Report
Impacts of bowing
"A Painful Ambiguity - Attitudes towards nuns in Buddhist myth" by Bhikkhu Sujato 25/9/2007
Giving joy to monks in order to foster openmindedness
Sister Chan Khong
External links.
"Buddhist order of interbeing - established in 1964"
"Buddhist Dharma on women"

</doc>
<doc id="7054539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054539" title="Satellite Island (Washington)">
Satellite Island (Washington)

 Satellite Island lies in Prevost Harbor on the north side of Stuart Island in the San Juan Islands of San Juan County, Washington, United States. It has a land area of and no resident population as it is a private island owned by the YMCA, which has five camping areas set up for its use. Two of the camps, Sunset Camp and Fellowship Camp, are used for overnight island trips by campers from YMCA Camp Orkila and are located on the western half of the island. Islander Camp is located on the east side of the island, and is used primarily by the Islander Teen Expedition, a kayaking trip which crosses into Canada's Gulf Islands. Mariner Camp is located on the east side of the island, near Islander Camp, and is used by the Mariner Teen Expedition, a sailing trip for teenagers.
Satellite Island commemorates the ship (HMS "Satellite") captained by the British naval officer James Charles Prevost, who was stationed at Vancouver Island from 1857 to 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="7054553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054553" title="Ata ibn Abi Rabah">
Ata ibn Abi Rabah

Ata ibn Abi Rabah (; ) was a prominent early Muslim jurist and hadith transmitter of Nubian origin who served as the "mufti" of Mecca in the late seventh and early eighth centuries. He is considered a leading figure of the early Meccan school of "fiqh".
Early life.
Ata was born in the town of Muwalladi l-Janad in Yemen. Although early biographical sources differ on the exact year of his birth, it is generally accepted he was born towards the beginning of Uthman ibn Affan's reign, . His mother was a Nubian basket weaver while his father, named Aslam, is described as being dark-skinned and flat-nosed. Ata was a cripple and possessed a limp, and while he was born with one healthy eye, he later went completely blind.
Life as a scholar.
Ata was raised in Mecca as a "mawla" (client) of the Qurayshi Abu Khuthaym al-Fihri, where he worked as a Quran teacher, before being recognised for his expertise in "fiqh". He was later appointed mufti of the city by the Umayyads and taught in the Great Mosque, in which he also lived during the latter years of his life. While in Mecca, Ata met with and transmitted hadith from several companions of Muhammad, including Ibn Abbas, Abu Hurairah and Jabir ibn Abd Allah.
As a jurist, Ata was considered an authority on the rites of Hajj. Among his most prominent students were Qays ibn Sa'd and Ibn Jurayj, the latter being the primary transmitter of his legal opinions. When giving legal verdicts, Ata largely relied on his own independent reasoning ("ra'y"). Less frequently, he referred to the opinions of Muhammad's companions and Qur'anic verses, and he rarely referred to hadith.
An early Quranic exegete, the commentaries of Ata are preserved in the "tafsir" works of Ibn Mujahid, Abd al-Razzaq al-San'ani and al-Tabari. Ata's style of commentary has been described as simple and concise, eschewing linguistic analysis for explaining the meanings of Quranic verses.
Ata fought for Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr during the Second Fitna and lost a hand in battle. In 93 AH/711 CE, he was imprisoned on suspicion of being a "murji"' at the behest of Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf, but was later released. Biographical sources disagree on the year of his death, but it is likely he died . He was survived by one son named Yaqub.
Legacy.
Piety.
Narrations in biographical works present Ata as a pious and virtuous man. He reportedly only wore simple clothing, performed the Hajj over seventy times, and, despite reaching an advanced age, was able to recite 200 verses of Al-Baqarah in "salah" without moving.
Hadith.
Many of the hadith transmitted by Ata lack an "isnad". Early hadith scholars, such as Yahya ibn Sa'id al-Qattan, were critical of hadith that Ata had transmitted in "mursal" form, suspected he may have engaged in "tadlis" and noted that his intellectual faculties declined towards the end of his life. However, he was generally perceived as a reliable transmitter and later hadith critics such as Ahmad ibn Hanbal exonerated him from "tadlis". Several of Ata's students, including his son Yaqub and Ibn Jurayj, transmitted hadith from him in writing.
Musannaf of Abd al-Razzaq.
Ata is frequently cited as one of Ibn Jurayj's authorities in the Musannaf of Abd al-Razzaq. In a sample of 3,810 narrations selected by Harald Motzki, 39% of those ascribed to Ibn Jurayj are adduced from Ata. Ata relates a tradition in only 20% of these narrations, with the remaining 80% being his own "ra'y". Of the authorities cited in his traditions, 15% are companions of Muhammad, 10% are Quranic verses and 5% are hadith from Muhammad. According to Motzki, Ibn Jurayj attempted to reproduce Ata's narrations faithfully and the corpus lacked signs of fabrication.

</doc>
<doc id="7054554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054554" title="Ethos JWT">
Ethos JWT



</doc>
<doc id="7054558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054558" title="Nancy Keenan">
Nancy Keenan

Nancy Keenan (born February 14, 1952) is an American politician, and was from 2015 until 2019 the executive director of the Montana Democratic Party. Prior to that, she was elected to several terms in the Montana House of Representatives (1983–1989) and as superintendent of the Montana Office of Public Instruction (1989–2001). She also served as president of the abortion rights organization NARAL Pro-Choice America from 2004 to 2013.
Biography.
Keenan was born in Anaconda, Montana to Ann and P. J. Keenan. She earned an undergraduate degree in education from Montana State University and a master's degree from the University of Montana. Keenan began her career as a special-education teacher before winning election to the Montana House of Representatives. In 1988 she won the first of three terms as the statewide elected Superintendent of the Montana Office of Public Instruction. She served until 2000. In 2000, Keenan ran for Montana's at-large congressional district seat in the U.S. House of Representatives as a Democrat. She was defeated by Republican Denny Rehberg. From 2003-2004, Keenan worked as the Education Policy Director of the organization People For the American Way (PFAW).
Keenan became president of NARAL Pro-Choice America in 2004. As president, Keenan advocated for access to abortion, but she has also attempted to change the nature of the debate around abortion rights issues in the United States. For example, in 2006, she said that while abortion rights and anti-abortion people don't agree on abortion "we should be able to agree that we can reduce unintended pregnancies" by (as a NARAL ad stated) "guaranteeing women's access to birth control, including the 'morning-after' pill, making sure our kids receive honest, realistic sex education, and increasing support for family-planning services." In a speech presented on the 35th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, Keenan asked supporters to acknowledge "a woman's right to choose is a morally complex issue, and a lot less black and white than it's been made out to be." She discussed the pro-choice position in terms of moral values. She reiterated the position that reducing unintended pregnancy is a "core moral value" in her speech at the 2008 Democratic National Convention. On August 22, 2012, it was announced that she would be a speaker at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina. In April 2015, it was announced that Keenan would take over as executive director of the Montana Democratic Party, effective April 20, 2015.
"Washingtonian Magazine" named Nancy Keenan as one of the 100 most powerful women in Washington, DC in 2006. She has appeared on MSNBC and other news broadcasts, and is frequently quoted by "The Washington Post", "The New York Times", Associated Press, and other news services.

</doc>
<doc id="7054560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054560" title="Reluctant fundamentalist">
Reluctant fundamentalist



</doc>
<doc id="7054566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054566" title="Mesoamerican scripts">
Mesoamerican scripts



</doc>
<doc id="7054567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054567" title="Islamic Prophet">
Islamic Prophet



</doc>
<doc id="7054575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054575" title="Jarvis Branson Cocker">
Jarvis Branson Cocker



</doc>
<doc id="7054581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054581" title="Interstate 335 (Minnesota)">
Interstate 335 (Minnesota)

Interstate 335 (I-335) is a canceled auxiliary Interstate route in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was planned to cross Northeast Minneapolis from I-35W south of Broadway to I-94 in North Minneapolis. Land was acquired and some demolition had proceeded when the road was defeated by local opposition.
Route description.
I-335, also called the North Ring, was planned as part of a loop around central Minneapolis. It would have connected I-35W north of downtown Minneapolis westward to I-94 to provide better access to the city's central business district and later to ease congestion on the Lowry Hill Tunnel on I-94. The eastern terminus of I-335 was to be on I-35W northeast of downtown Minneapolis, between the Hennepin Avenue and Broadway Street bridges.
History.
The federal government granted approval for I-335 in October 1964. In spite of opposition from local residents, the Minneapolis City Council approved plans for the freeway in July 1970 and began purchasing right-of-way. However, increasing protest from residents prompted the council to withdraw its support in 1972. Senator Walter Mondale and Representative Donald M. Fraser began working to stop the highway, successfully getting funding for I-335 withheld. Support for the freeway continued to drop, and the US Department of Transportation removed it from the Interstate Highway System in 1978.
Although I-335 was never built, evidence of its planning still exists. Until 2014, unused pavement was present at the New Brighton Boulevard and Johnson Street exits from I-35W, and to this day an unused entry lane can be seen directly below East Hennepin Avenue on the west side of the freeway.
Additionally, a strip of housing in the area is of 1970s vintage, which is much newer than the surrounding houses in the neighborhood. These houses were built once the I-335 project was canceled, on land where the older housing stock had been demolished in preparation for the freeway. For many years, blank lines on exit signage also existed on I-35W in the area until the original signs and roadway were redone many years later.
I-335 was listed in the 1978 Federal Highway Administration route log with a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="7054609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054609" title="JLMC">
JLMC



</doc>
<doc id="7054611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054611" title="Jagadhekamalla II">
Jagadhekamalla II

Jagadhekamalla II (r. 1138–1151) followed Someshvara III to the Western Chalukya throne. His rule saw the slow decline of the Chalukya empire with the loss of Vengi entirely, though he was still able to control the Hoysalas in the south and the Seuna and Paramara in the north. He patronised Kannada grammarian Nagavarma II, who wrote many famous works including "Kavyavalokana" and "Karnataka Bhashabhushana". Jagadhekamalla II himself was a merited scholar and wrote in Sanskrit "Sangithachudamani" a work on music.

</doc>
<doc id="7054612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054612" title="Partito Populari Italiano">
Partito Populari Italiano



</doc>
<doc id="7054618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054618" title="Swinging lovehammers">
Swinging lovehammers



</doc>
<doc id="7054633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054633" title="A Retrospective (Saetia album)">
A Retrospective (Saetia album)

A Retrospective is a compilation album composed of the entire recorded output of screamo band Saetia, released October 1, 2001 by Level Plane. The album, which also includes five live recordings taken from one of the last shows the band performed at ABC No Rio, was remastered entirely by Alan Douches.

</doc>
<doc id="7054641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054641" title="The Swinging Lovehammers">
The Swinging Lovehammers



</doc>
<doc id="7054646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054646" title="Ata Ibn Abi Rabah">
Ata Ibn Abi Rabah



</doc>
<doc id="7054660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054660" title="KRCW">
KRCW

KRCW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7054681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054681" title="Say Goodnight, Sleep Alone">
Say Goodnight, Sleep Alone

Say Goodnight, Sleep Alone is the first full-length album from Ellison, released in 2006. Using Josh Hill's basement as their recording studio, the album came together in three months. The band chose four songs from the EP and developed seven new songs in the studio. Each band member had equal creative input, allowing the songs to evolve throughout the recording process. Hill explains, "Generally I write a song and bring it to Mitch, J.D., and Ian so they can write their own parts. But with a couple of the new songs, the structure became a collaborative effort and these turned out to be some of my favorite Ellison songs."

</doc>
<doc id="7054682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054682" title="Florine De Leymarie">
Florine De Leymarie

Florine de Leymarie (born 9 May 1981 in Moûtiers) is a French Alpine skier. She is tall and weighs . She participated in the 2006 Olympic Winter Games in Turin. She was named Rookie of the year 2005 alongside David Poisson by the French Ski federation.

</doc>
<doc id="7054691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054691" title="Ryde Gold Medal">
Ryde Gold Medal



</doc>
<doc id="7054693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054693" title="Saibaimen">
Saibaimen



</doc>
<doc id="7054699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054699" title="Sheimot">
Sheimot



</doc>
<doc id="7054701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054701" title="Sheimos">
Sheimos



</doc>
<doc id="7054702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054702" title="Shaimos">
Shaimos



</doc>
<doc id="7054703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054703" title="Shaimes">
Shaimes



</doc>
<doc id="7054704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054704" title="Olive Ridley Sea Turtle">
Olive Ridley Sea Turtle



</doc>
<doc id="7054708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054708" title="Cerdic of Elmet">
Cerdic of Elmet



</doc>
<doc id="7054710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054710" title="Firefly Studios">
Firefly Studios

Firefly Studios Limited (also stylized as FireFly Studios) is a British video game developer based in London. Formed in August 1999 by Simon Bradbury, David Lester, and Eric Ouellette, the company focuses on historic real-time strategy games for the PC and Macintosh systems. They are best known for their "Stronghold" series of games. In June 2021, the studio was acquired by Devolver Digital.
History.
Firefly Studios was established in August 1999 by Simon Bradbury, David Lester, and Eric Ouellette, who met while working at Impressions Games. The studio released its first game, "Stronghold," in 2001, to critical and commercial success. The following year they released its successor, Stronghold Crusader, also to critical and commercial success.
The later Stronghold releases, "Stronghold 2" (2005), and "Stronghold Legends" (2006), both received poor reviews and were given Metacritic scores of 63 percent and 57 percent respectively. The last of the series, "" (2008), received an average score of 40 percent on Metacritic. Around this time, the studio began a collaboration with Firaxis Games that produced ", a" game that received poor reviews and was the last Firefly game published by Take-Two Interactive.
In 2008, Firefly announced that they would be working on "Stronghold 3" followed by "Crusader II" because of demand from fans. The studio later canceled the release of the planned "Dungeon Hero" game. In 2009, when asked if they had any other unannounced games in development besides "Dungeon Hero" and "Stronghold Kingdoms", the studio responded that they still had one more game in development. A subsequent newsletter stated that the studio had "something very big in the pipeline" which would be revealed in 2010.
"Stronghold 3" was officially announced on 14 May 2010 by SouthPeak Games, and was released in October 2011. The game received some criticism on gaming sites for game bugs. Fans pointed to various issues, including the difficulty involved with building walls and the absence of a kingmaker. 
More recent games included "Stronghold Crusader II," the sequel to their 2002 game "Stronghold: Crusader." The lead designer at Firefly Studios, Simon Bradbury, stated that the title was "our favorite game, it's our fans' favorite game and it's the game we have been waiting to put into production for several long years now." The title was initially scheduled for release in early 2013 but due to delays was not released until 23 September 2014.
Despite the uneven success of some of its games, the studio continues to develop new games and has sold over seven million copies to date. The "Stronghold Kingdoms" series retains a following with over eight million registered players.
The publisher Devolver Digital acquired Firefly Studios on 24 June 2021. While Devolver Digital had not published any Firefly Studios games, the studio had previously worked with Gathering of Developers and Gamecock Media Group, both co-founded by Devolver's founders.
Recent activities.
"Dungeon Hero" had been in development for several years and was scheduled for release in 2009 on both PC and Xbox 360 systems. The game was originally going to be published by Gamecock Media Group, but after that company was bought out by SouthPeak Games in October 2008, a legal dispute on the subject of ownership of the game stopped its release. "Dungeon Hero" is currently without a publisher, despite SouthPeak publishing every other Gamecock title due for release. Firefly Studios has announced that the title is on hold, and several planned release dates have passed without release. The lack of clarity on the issue has fueled speculation that the game may be published as a vaporware title in the future.
"", initially announced by Firefly Studios as "Stronghold: Next", was released on 9 March 2021.
"" has been announced by Firefly Studios and was released on November 7th 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7054714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054714" title="Carrie Turner">
Carrie Turner

Carrie Turner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7054722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054722" title="Rabi ibn Sabih">
Rabi ibn Sabih

Rabi ibn Sabih () (d. 160 AH) was an early Muslim and a pioneer in recording the hadith among the Sunni Muslims in Basra.

</doc>
<doc id="7054726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054726" title="Flatback Sea Turtle">
Flatback Sea Turtle



</doc>
<doc id="7054727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054727" title="Tailapa III">
Tailapa III

Tailapa III (r. 1151–1162) succeeded his brother Jagadhekamalla II to the Western Chalukya throne. His rule saw the beginning of the end of the Chalukya empire. Kakatiya dynasty's Prola II warred with him, defeated and took the Chalukya king captive. This resulted in other feudatories rising against the Chalukyas. The Seuna and the Hoysala started to take away territory. Kalachuri Bijjala II captured the regal capital Kalyani in 1157 when Tailapa III had to flee to Annigeri (Dharwad district). Finally Tailapa III was killed by Hoysala Vira Narasimha in 1162. 

</doc>
<doc id="7054742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054742" title="Seudat Shelishit">
Seudat Shelishit



</doc>
<doc id="7054750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054750" title="Melaveh malkah">
Melaveh malkah



</doc>
<doc id="7054753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054753" title="Rural community development">
Rural community development

Rural community development encompasses a range of approaches and activities that aim to improve the welfare and livelihoods of people living in rural areas. As a branch of community development, these approaches pay attention to social issues particularly community organizing. This is in contrast to other forms of rural development that focus on public works (e.g. rural roads and electrification) and technology (e.g. tools and techniques for improving agricultural production). 
Rural community development is important in developing countries where a large part of the population is engaged in farming. Consequently, a range of community development methods have been created and used by organisations involved in international development. Most of these efforts to promote rural community development are led by 'experts' from outside the community such as government officials, staff of non-governmental organizations and foreign advisers. This has led to a long debate about the issue of participation, in which questions have been raised about the sustainability of these efforts and the extent to which rural people are – or are not – being empowered to make decisions for themselves. The international association for Community Development (IACD) is the main global network for practitioners and scholars working in this field www.iacdglobal.org
United Kingdom.
In the UK rural community development is seen as very important. Rural areas are often some of the most deprived in the country. Rural Community Councils around the country support local rural communities in securing sustainable futures. The local rural communities are supported by experienced community development workers.
In Pembrokeshire (Wales), Pembrokeshire Local Action Network for Enterprise and Development (PLANED) apply a community-led integrated approach to rural development, in which communities, public sector and voluntary partners and specialist interest groups come together to undertake development. PLANED has a long experience of introducing and developing pioneering methodologies, tools, techniques and processes for the engagement of communities in local development. This best practice has been shared across Europe, primarily through the LEADER network.
In 2004 the Carnegie UK Trust established a Commission of Inquiry into the future of rural community development across the UK and Ireland. The Commission was chaired by Lord Steel, the former leader of the Liberal Party and included in its membership Lord Haskins and Jonathan Porritt. It was also informed by a country wide action research programme funding over 60 projects in partnership with the Big Lottery Fund. This was the largest rural community development programme in the UK and lasted until 2010. The Trust also funded national and international communities of practice to exchange experiences. This included the International Association for Community Development and work around the potential impact of climate change on vulnerable rural communities and the need for more sustainable development approaches to land use. The Commission produced a number of influential reports.
United States.
In the United States, rural community development is an essential tool in keeping rural areas economically viable in a competitive global arena. Under the United States Department of Agriculture, this is addressed through the Rural Development mission area, comprising the Rural Housing Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Rural Business-Cooperative Service. Research and data sources for rural areas of the United States is also addressed by the United States Department of Agriculture through the Economic Research Service, the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and the National Agricultural Library’s Rural Information Center.
The Center for Rural Affairs is a grassroots organization originating in Nebraska that puts an emphasis on leadership development to reinvigorate rural communities. They strive to promote entrepreneurship and increase the farm returns per food dollar to maintain the economy in rural areas.
Colleges and Universities, many located in rural communities, have also played a key role in rural community development throughout United States history. The Morrill Land-Grant Act of 1862 provided funding for agricultural education. Since the passage of the Morrill Act, there has been significant demographic changes in the population of colleges, including student gender, population size and number of commuters. This shift has created opportunities for rural colleges to play a part in the development of the communities in which they reside. 

</doc>
<doc id="7054765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054765" title="1999 Ukrainian presidential election">
1999 Ukrainian presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Ukraine on 31 October 1999, with a second round on 14 November. The result was a victory for Leonid Kuchma, who defeated Petro Symonenko in the run-off, winning a second consecutive presidential election.
As of , this is the only re-election of an incumbent president in the history of independent Ukraine.
Electoral system.
At the time of election the population in Ukraine was 50,105,600 with 34,017,400 living in cities. The Donetsk Oblast, the most populous oblast, contained the most electoral districts, with 23. The least electoral districts among oblasts were in the Chernivtsi Oblast, which only had 4. The city of Kyiv had 12 electoral districts and Sevastopol 2. There also was a special "out-of-country district" available for voters who at the time of elections were not available to vote in Ukraine.
Registration.
A total of 32 individuals applied for registration as candidates for the presidency, of whom 19 were registered by the Central Election Commission of Ukraine; the other 13 had their applications rejected.
Since the summer of 1999 there was heavy competition between candidates. Four candidates Yevhen Marchuk, Oleksandr Moroz, (mayor of Cherkasy), and Oleksandr Tkachenko (speaker of the Verkhovna Rada) met in Kaniv and called on all candidates to ensure just and honest elections. The "Kaniv Four" had intentions to present a single candidate who would have a better chance of success. However, they failed to do so and no-one else joined them. On 27 October Oliynyk withdrew his candidacy in favor of Yevhen Marchuk, while Oleksandr Tkachenko favored Petro Symonenko (leader of the Communist Party of Ukraine).
Registered candidates.
Udovenko and Kostenko initially were denied in registration, but on 21 May 1999 both were registered.
Candidates.
All pretenders were required to collect signatures to become candidates. In the process ten pretenders were not able to gather the required signatures, while six were reinstated on decision of the Supreme Court of Ukraine. Later another two registered candidates withdrew.
Campaign.
During the campaign Kuchma was supported by the Bloc "Our Choice – Leonid Kuchma!"
On 27 October 1999 Oliynyk and Tkachenko withdrew from the election campaign.
Conduct.
According to historian Serhy Yekelchyk President Kuchma's administration "employed electoral fraud freely" during the election.
Results.
In the first round the most oblasts and the out-of-country district were won by Leonid Kuchma. In seven oblasts the top candidate was Petro Symonenko mostly in the centre and south. Oleksandr Moroz managed to become the leader in the more agrarian oriented Poltava and Vinnytsia Oblasts. Nataliya Vitrenko took the peak of the candidate list in the Sumy Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="7054778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054778" title="Jagadhekamalla III">
Jagadhekamalla III

Jagadhekamalla III (r. 1164–1183 CE) succeeded Tailapa III to the highly diminished Western Chalukya empire. His rule was completely overshowded by the emergence of the Southern Kalachuris under Bijjala II who took control of Basavakalyana and ruled from there. He found refuge in the Banavasi region of the Western ghats, while Bijjala his former vassal became suzerain at Kalyana in 1162. The king in exile was a contemporary of Basavanna and other noted Veerashaiva preceptors (known as "Shivasharanas").

</doc>
<doc id="7054808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054808" title="Eric's Panties">
Eric's Panties



</doc>
<doc id="7054809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054809" title="United States Navy SEAL's">
United States Navy SEAL's



</doc>
<doc id="7054813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054813" title="Navy SEAL's">
Navy SEAL's



</doc>
<doc id="7054820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054820" title="Alfred Caldwell">
Alfred Caldwell

Alfred Caldwell (May 26, 1903 – July 3, 1998) was an American architect best known for his landscape architecture in and around Chicago, Illinois.
Early life and education.
Caldwell attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign but left before completing a degree. 
Caldwell received a Master of Science in city planning from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1948.
Career.
From 1926 to 1931 he worked for landscape architect Jens Jensen and had a two-year private practice thereafter. In 1933 he was appointed Superintendent of Parks for Dubuque, Iowa, where he created Eagle Point Park. From 1936 to 1939 he was a landscape designer for the Chicago Park District and was the designer and architect of the Alfred Caldwell Lily Pool at Lincoln Park. He was hired by Mies van der Rohe in 1944 to teach landscape architecture at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) College of Architecture. Caldwell resigned in 1959 in response to a dispute with the college administration. In 1965 he taught at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and the following year he began teaching at the University of Southern California and stayed till 1973. In 1981 he returned to teach at IIT.
Honors.
In 1980, Caldwell received the Distinguished Educator Award from the Chicago chapter of the AIA. In 1985, he was honored as an ACSA Distinguished Professor. The Illinois Institute of Technology named him a Doctor of Humane Letters in 1988.
Personal life.
Caldwell and his wife Virginia had a daughter, Carol Caldwell Dooley, born on January 25, 1931, and a son, James Allen Caldwell, born on December 12, 1933. 
Major works.
Caldwell, like his mentor Jens Jensen, promoted a natural style of landscape design. The intent was to manufacture a native landscape that copied natural ecosystems. A complete natural ecosystem requires little maintenance other than removal of non-native invasive species. Due to the subtleness of his planting designs and the live nature of landscape materials, many of Caldwell's projects have fallen into disrepair as the result of improper maintenance and modifications. The Lily Pool suffered the same neglect and misuse for many years, but was rehabilitated between 1998 and 2002 pursuant to a plan prepared by Wolff Landscape Architecture. It is now regularly maintained by the Lincoln Park Conservancy and the Chicago Park District.
Caldwell's buildings are frequently mistaken for the work of Frank Lloyd Wright. Both architects created Prairie School designs in and around Chicago at roughly the same period of time. Caldwell stressed the importance of orientation for passive solar design, as well as integration of the structure into the landscape.
Caldwell’s own house.
In the 1940s, Caldwell began construction of his own house near Bristol, Wisconsin, along with planting nearly of eastern hardwood forest. It was intended to be a working hobby farm. An apple orchard was planted, but farm buildings were never completed. As work progressed the house featured a low cost construction materials technique: stone for the stone walls was donated by neighboring farmers, labor was provided by students as they learned how to build a stone wall.
Death.
Alfred Caldwell died at the age of 95 at his Bristol, Wisconsin, farm on July 3, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="7054832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054832" title="Someshvara IV">
Someshvara IV

Someshvara IV (; ) was the last king of the Western Chalukya empire. He made a brief attempt after 1189 to revive the Chalukya kingdom by defeating the waning Kalachuri kingdom. He managed to capture Basavakalyana briefly but failed to prevent the other feudatories, the Seuna, Hoysala and the Kakatiya dynasty from completely overwhelming the Chalukya empire by 1200. In the end, the three feudatories divided the vast area between the Kaveri River and Narmada River amongst themselves.
He maintained friendly relations with Ceylon and sent an ambassador there. He made efforts to revive Chalukya dominance by defeating the declining Kalachuri kingdom He was overthrown by a Seuna Yadava feudatory
References.
Book

</doc>
<doc id="7054838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054838" title="Miss Massachusetts">
Miss Massachusetts

The Miss Massachusetts competition is a scholarship pageant put on annually by the Miss Massachusetts Scholarship Foundation, Inc. The winner of the pageant receives the title of Miss Massachusetts and represents the state of Massachusetts at the Miss America pageant.
Kiersten Khoury of Westwood was crowned Miss Massachusetts 2024 on June 22, 2024, at Hanover Theatre in Worcester, Massachusetts. She will compete for Miss America 2025.
Results summary.
The following is a visual summary of the past results of Miss Massachusetts titleholders at the national Miss America pageants/competitions. The year in parentheses indicates the year of the national competition during which a placement and/or award was garnered, not the year attached to the contestant's state title.

</doc>
<doc id="7054839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054839" title="Google (number)">
Google (number)



</doc>
<doc id="7054844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054844" title="Miss Michigan">
Miss Michigan

 
The Miss Michigan competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Michigan in the Miss America pageant. Michigan has won the Miss America crown on five occasions.
Jenae Lodewyk of Bay City was crowned Miss Michigan 2024 on June 15, 2024, at Frauenthal Theatre in Muskegon. She will represent the state of Michigan at Miss America 2025.
Results summary.
The following is a visual summary of the past results of Miss Michigan titleholders at the national Miss America pageants/competitions. The year in parentheses indicates the year of the national competition during which a placement and/or award was garnered, not the year attached to the contestant's state title.
Placements.
Michigan holds a record of 23 placements at Miss America.

</doc>
<doc id="7054848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054848" title="Niagara, St. Catharines and Toronto Railway">
Niagara, St. Catharines and Toronto Railway

The Niagara, St. Catharines and Toronto Railway was an interurban radial electric railway in the Niagara Peninsula of Southern Ontario, Canada. It operated from 1899 to 1959. It was based in St. Catharines and had lines to Niagara-on-the-Lake, Port Dalhousie, Niagara Falls, Thorold, Welland and Port Colborne.
History.
The NS&amp;T was created in 1899 when a previous railway, the "St. Catharines and Niagara Central Railway", was reorganized. The new railway was originally under U.S. ownership but was sold to a Toronto group in 1904. The initial layout was about 32 km. This was mainly between St. Catharines, Thorold, and Port Dalhousie. Several plans were made to extend the rail network to Hamilton and Toronto; however, none of them were successful. This included a plan to build a radial network along hydro rights of way. This plan was encouraged by hydro pioneer, Sir Adam Beck, but provincial and municipal subsidy requests were turned down and the plan died on the drafting table.
In 1908, control passed to the Canadian Northern Railway. When Canadian Northern experienced financial difficulties, the government decided to take it over and in 1918 it was renamed the Canadian National Railway.
In 1923, CNR formed a subsidiary called Canadian National Electric Railways which placed the NS&amp;T, the Toronto Suburban Railway, the Toronto Eastern Railway and the Oshawa Railway under the same administration. Since the only connection among them was that they were all electric railways, the NS&amp;T retained its name during subsequent operations.
The rail network was expanded to Port Colborne in the mid-1920s and much repair work was done on the existing track. The NS&amp;T started running buses in 1929 to complement its rail network, but by the mid-1930s, buses started to replace some of the rail service. During the Second World War, the rail service experienced heavy use as bus fuel was rationed.
After the war, a program of dieselisation started to replace many of the electric trams but the decline of the railway continued. Two of the main lines were replaced by buses in 1951 and 1954 and passenger rail service stopped altogether in 1959.
The NS&amp;T amalgamated with the CNR in 1960 and ceased operations as a separate entity.

</doc>
<doc id="7054853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7054853" title="Miss Montana">
Miss Montana

The Miss Montana competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the U.S. state of Montana in the Miss America pageant.
Unlike most state pageants in the Miss America system, Montana does not use preliminary local pageants to limit entrants to the state-level competition. They accept at large contestants after an application and interview process.
Kaylee Wolfensberger of Bozeman was crowned Miss Montana 2024 on July 13, 2024, at the Montana State University Billings Petro Theater. She will compete for the title of Miss America 2025.
The 2024 state pageant can be viewed at this link: https://vimeo.com/1032557023/368dc2a811
Results summary.
The following is a visual summary of the past results of Miss Montana titleholders at the national Miss America pageants/competitions. The year in parentheses indicates the year of the national competition during which a placement and/or award was garnered, not the year attached to the contestant's state title.

</doc>
