<doc id="6921685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921685" title="Prostitution in the Czech Republic">
Prostitution in the Czech Republic

Prostitution in the Czech Republic is in a legal grey-area, neither explicitly legal nor illegal. Organized prostitution (brothels, prostitution rings, pimping, etc.) is prohibited. Ever since the Czechoslovak Velvet Revolution (1989) led to the creation of two independent states — the Czech Republic and Slovakia — prostitution has been flourishing and has contributed its share to the region's booming tourist economy. Prostitution is widespread in Prague and areas near the Republic's western borders with Germany and Austria. In 2002, the Czech Statistical Bureau estimated the trade to be worth six billion crowns ($217 million) a year. UNAIDS estimate there are 13,000 prostitutes in the country.
Current situation.
According to the Czech Ministry of the Interior, there are over 860 brothels in the Czech Republic, of which 200 are in Prague. Most of the country's prostitution centers in the Northern Bohemia and Western Bohemia regions and in the capital city. Brothels line the country's roads to Austria and Germany, the source of many customers. Weekend trips to Prague for some tourists also include visits to erotic clubs. There are almost 200 websites for prostitution services in the Czech Republic, up from 45 in 1997, which enable sex tourists to book their travel and appointments to buy sex acts before they leave home. Between 2005 and 2010, Prague had the world's first online brothel, Big Sister, where customers could get free sexual intercourse, with the acts being broadcast on the internet.
An analysis of hospitalization records showed that syphilis rates rose from 1.6 cases per 100,000 inhabitants in 1990 to 13.7 per 100,000 in 2001, an eightfold increase.
Sex trafficking.
The Czech Republic is a source, transit, and destination country for women and children trafficked from Ukraine, Russia, Belarus, Moldova, Lithuania, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovakia, China, and Vietnam into and through the Czech Republic mainly for the purpose of sexual exploitation. Czech victims and those transiting the country are trafficked to Western Europe and the United States, sometimes via third countries. Internal trafficking occurs from low employment areas to Prague and regions bordering Germany and Austria. Ethnic Roma women are at the highest risk for internal trafficking, and almost always are trafficked by a relative or someone known to them previously. There have recently been unconfirmed reports of Roma children as young as 13 who have either sold themselves or been sold by others for acts of prostitution in Brno, the second largest city in the Czech Republic, where drug abuse among Roma teenagers is alarmingly prevalent.
The Government of the Czech Republic fully complies with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking. In 2004, the Czech Government strengthened its anti-trafficking legislation and turned its pilot victim assistance program into a nationwide government-funded program. While enforcement statistics improved during the reporting period, sentences imposed on traffickers remained low.
Prosecution.
The Czech police increased its capacity to investigate and convict traffickers over the reporting period, although the overall numbers of cases prosecuted pursuant to anti-trafficking legislation remained low and sentences imposed remained weak. Amendments to the Czech Penal Code went into effect in November 2004, making all forms of trafficking illegal, including labor exploitation and internal trafficking. Maximum trafficking penalties were increased from 12 to 15 years, with a minimum penalty of two years. In 2004, Czech authorities investigated 30 individuals and prosecuted 19 under the trafficking statutes. The courts convicted 12 traffickers under those statutes, an increase from five in 2003. Of the 12 convicted, three received unconditional prison sentences of three to five years, and nine received conditional or suspended sentences. Police training curricula included segments on trafficking, and a new internal website for police provided trafficking awareness information. While no government officials were indicted or convicted for complicity in trafficking, allegations continued about the involvement of individual border police officers facilitating illegal border crossings. Czech law enforcement conducted joint anti-trafficking investigations with Germany, Slovakia, Austria, Poland, and Ukraine in 2004.
Protection.
The Czech Government continued to improve trafficking protection and assistance. In November 2004, the Model of Support and Protection of Victims of Trafficking in Persons was expanded to a permanent, government-funded program that is open to all foreign and Czech victims. This program involves close cooperation between the government and NGOs, and allows the victims a 30-day reflection period to receive assistance and consider whether to assist in prosecuting their traffickers. From January 2004 to January 2005, 14 trafficking victims — including one forced labor victim — took part in the program. Many victims chose to apply for asylum, which allows them legal status in the Czech Republic until their cases are decided — a process which can take months or years. The government houses victims and potential victims applying for asylum with other at-risk groups in guarded asylum centers to prevent unwanted contact with traffickers. The government funded several NGOs and international organizations for sheltering and care of victims; two of the Czech Republic's principal organizations provided shelter to 68 trafficking victims in 2004.
Prevention.
The Ministry of Interior is currently collaborating with IOM to produce a demand-reduction campaign targeting clients of commercial sex outlets along the Czech-German border area. A government-fund-ed NGO conducted awareness campaigns among potential trafficking victims at schools and asylum centers. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continued to provide trafficking information to applicants for Czech visas from identified trafficking source countries. The Crime Prevention Department continued awareness programs at schools. In addition to the Czech National Action Plan on trafficking adopted in 2003, the government in July 2004 adopted a plan to combat commercial sexual abuse of children.
Failed legalization attempt.
Prostitutes in the Czech Republic work in a legal grey area, neither explicitly legal nor illegal, which makes it difficult for the state to control disease, the sex-slave trade and underage prostitution.
The Czech government has attempted to legalize and regulate prostitution, but these efforts have failed.
In 2005, the Czech government approved a law to license prostitutes and confine the trade to certain areas as part of an effort to curb prostitution and reduce organized crime. However, the law needed the approval of the parliament and the parliament failed to approve it.
"The assumption is that it is unrealistic to effectively ban prostitution," the ministry proposal said. "It is only possible ... to set rules so the public does not perceive prostitution as a serious public order problem or health risk."
The plan called for prostitutes to buy licenses, undergo monthly health checks, pay taxes and have health insurance. Annual licenses would have only be issued to Czechs and other European Union nationals older than 18 who had no criminal record. It would have been illegal to operate without a license, and those who refused to register would have been prosecuted and would have faced fines. Soliciting sex would have been banned near schools, playgrounds, churches and cemeteries.
The general opinion is that while prostitution should be legal and sex workers registered, politicians seem unwilling to take a stand and many doubt that workers would register in the first place. UK police superintendent John Mottram, working as an advisor to the Czech government on organised crime, said that the interior ministry in Prague does not see prostitution as a priority. "Unfortunately, they are not devoting the kind of attention to it which I think they should."
Opposition to the Czech government's plan to legalize prostitution came from a group of international human-rights activists representing diverse political and philosophical positions. 110 signatories for organizations representing millions of members sent a letter to Czech President Václav Klaus and other government officials, urging them to reconsider.
We are writing to express our profound concern over the prospect that the Czech Republic may be planning to legalize prostitution ... We believe that such action would be a terrible mistake for the country as a whole and, in particular, for the women and children of the Eastern Europe region who will be victims of the Czech Republic sex trade ... We are certain that legalizing prostitution within the Czech Republic will not curb abuses such as child prostitution and enslaving sex trafficking. Organized crime controls the "industry" and, in a legalized regime, it will have an enhanced capacity to do so ... Brothels are sexual gulags for women and girls ... A decision to accommodate traffickers, pimps, and organized crime's slave trade in girls and women [is] an act unworthy of Czechs' traditions of fighting for their own freedom. It is an act we will resist with every democratic means available to us, and will fight in Congress and our legislatures, through our organized women's movements and from tens of thousands of church and synagogue pulpits. At a minimum, we are determined that our efforts will in financial terms alone, be more costly to the Republic — and not in terms of tourism alone — than any hypothetical financial gains claimed. We close by urging you to reject the calls for legalization that sully the reputation of the Czech Republic and dishonor its history. Please take a leadership role in resisting the trade in women and children and please, in a manner consistent with your traditions, maintain the Republic as a model for human rights and democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="6921686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921686" title="Black concert T-Shirt">
Black concert T-Shirt



</doc>
<doc id="6921691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921691" title="Corosha District">
Corosha District

Corosha District is one of twelve districts of the province Bongará in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921693" title="James Barnett (entrepreneur)">
James Barnett (entrepreneur)

James Mark Barnett II (born September 30, 1986) is an American entrepreneur and community activist from Dallas, Texas. At 17, he created a social networking site for gay teenagers and young adults called My-Boi.Com, which resulted in his father moving him from his Christian high school and his outing to his parents. His situation received national media attention and Barnett received several awards for his efforts on behalf of gay youth. Barnett has since created a web development firm and a social networking site for the general high school and college community.
Early life.
Barnett was motivated to create his own social networking site for gay youth after the then only existing service, XY.Com, went from being a free service to being fee based one. In July 2004, he created My-Boi.Com, announcing the free status of his service in advertisements on XY.Com.
Expulsion, media attention and awards.
Three months after My-Boi's creation, Trinity Christian Academy was notified of Barnett's homosexuality, and the school administration called on him to further discuss his sexual orientation. The school also notified Barnett's parents about James' homosexuality and website. A compromise was eventually reached wherein Barnett's father withdrew him from the school to avoid any damage to James' permanent school record. He completed his studies at a public high school.
Barnett's situation was picked up by both the mainstream and gay-focused press, with national organizations such as the Human Rights Council discussing his situation on "The O'Reilly Factor".
In January 2005, Barnett was awarded the Point Foundation Scholarship. Vance Lancaster, the executive director of the foundation, noted that "[James' story] is a sadly common and very real example of why Point Foundation scholarships are necessary." In June 2005, Barnett was recognized with the Lawrence &amp; Garner Courage Award, given by the Lambda Legal Foundation, for "outstanding courage in the face of uncertainty, discrimination and hostility in the advancement of civil rights for the LGBT and HIV/AIDS communities."
Current activities.
Barnett graduated from Plano West Senior High in 2005, a public high school. He is a graduate of the University of Texas at Dallas, where he declared business as his major.
In 2007, Barnett launched "DoorQ.com", a website for gay fans of science fiction, fantasy, and horror. This is the first project of Door Q Entertainment, a Los Angeles-based production company he launched in May 2007 with two associates, Jody Wheeler and Daniel Greeney.
He also owns and operates Pointblanc, a web development corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="6921697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921697" title="Dennis Blair">
Dennis Blair

Dennis Blair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921698" title="S.S.D Sacilese Calcio">
S.S.D Sacilese Calcio



</doc>
<doc id="6921702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921702" title="Corosha">
Corosha



</doc>
<doc id="6921711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921711" title="Albert Cooper (Canadian politician)">
Albert Cooper (Canadian politician)

Albert Glen Cooper (born 19 June 1952) is a former Canadian politician who served as the Member of Parliament for the riding of Peace River from 1980 to 1993.
A member of the Progressive Conservative Party, Cooper was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 1980 Canadian federal election. He was re-elected there in 1984 and 1988. He did not seek another term in office after serving in the 32nd, 33rd and 34th Parliaments.
Cooper is a businessperson by career. He owned and ran the now defunct Peace Air until its assets were seized by creditors, and he is now the owner of a bus line offering service from Peace River to Edmonton. He was also hired to be the local spokesperson for Bruce Power until 2011 when the corporation put their plans to build a nuclear plant near Peace River Alberta on hold in face of local opposition.
Cooper was featured in the 2011 Canadian documentary film Peace Out where he discussed Bruce Power's proposed nuclear reactor.

</doc>
<doc id="6921717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921717" title="Be With">
Be With

Be With is a compilation album by Koushik, a Canadian hip hop musician. Serving as Koushik's first major release, the album compiles tracks from three of Koushik's old EPs: "Battle Times", "Be With" and "One In A Day". The "Be With" EP was released as a 12" vinyl. The album is intended to be reminiscent of 1960s psych-pop. Koushik also provides singing vocals to the tracks.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Koushik Ghosh

</doc>
<doc id="6921736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921736" title="Zulfikar Dzumhur">
Zulfikar Dzumhur



</doc>
<doc id="6921740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921740" title="Rochester High School (Michigan)">
Rochester High School (Michigan)

Rochester High School is a public high school located in Rochester Hills, Michigan, United States, and is part of the Rochester Community Schools. It was established in 1883, and classes have been held in the current facility since 1955.
The school mascot is Freddie the Falcon. Most students attending this school come from Reuther Middle School, West Middle School, or Holy Family Regional School.
History.
In 1889, Rochester's first high school, known as the "Academy on the Hill", was built on Fourth and Wilcox in the (then) Village of Rochester for $8,000. The first class graduated from Rochester High School in 1896. The historic structure still exists, long since adapted and widely renovated for Board of Education offices and a variety of other uses.
Rochester High accreditation was granted in 1924.
In 1955, groundbreaking for a new building at the current location on the corner of Livernois and Walton in Rochester Hills took place and on October 31, 1956, students walked from the "Academy on the Hill" to the new Rochester High School, many carrying their books along with them.
The gymnasium was added in 1957.
The two-story wing (freshman hallway) was built in 1961.
The auditorium, the bridge (a.k.a. Falcon Freeway), and the swimming pool were added in 1965.
The school split to a half-day schedule to accommodate the growing student population while Rochester Adams High School was being built and completed in 1970.
In 1986, the mall enclosure, media center, cafeteria, and auxiliary gym were added.
In 1998, a courtyard was converted into four classrooms.
In 1999, the metal shop was converted into two classrooms.
A complete renovation of Rochester High took place in 2001, which included upgrades to the main office, counseling offices, weight room, pool, gymnasium, the addition of computer labs and photography lab, theater and vocal area, additional science labs, new locker banks, an enhanced courtyard with green house, and a new auditorium and theater areas.
In 2012, the school organized a series of murals and artwork displays within the building's hallways to showcase student accomplishments and school spirit.
The school began a new round of renovations in the fall of 2016 after the renewing of the funding bond. Renovations included a new football and soccer stadium and updates to the athletic, theater, and music wings.
Band.
The high school takes pride in its band program and boasts many different musical ensembles: Concert Band, Symphony Band, Wind Ensemble, Pit Orchestra, Pep Band, Jazz Band, and "Rochester's First and Finest", the Falcon Marching Band. Since 2007, the FMB has received over 15 straight Division I ratings from the MSBOA Marching Band Festival. The Falcon Marching Band regularly performs at many different events across the community, including Downtown Rochester's Art and Apples Festival, the OPC Senior Day Picnic, the Detroit Veterans Day Parade, the Rochester Hometown Christmas Parade, and even the Sarnia Santa Claus Parade in Canada.
Since 1983, the school has only had 3 band directors: August J. Thoma from 1983 to 2007, Timothy Nadeau from 2007 to 2014, and David A. Uhrig from 2014 to present.

</doc>
<doc id="6921750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921750" title="Cuispes District">
Cuispes District

Cuispes is one of the 12 districts of the province of Bongará, located in the Amazonas Region in the north of Peru.
It is bordered to the north by the District of Florida; to the east by the District of Jumbilla; to the south by the District of San Carlos; and to the west by the District of Shipasbamba.
It is part of the Diocese of Chachapoyas.
History.
The district was created on 11 November 1944, by Law #1004, during the first government of President Manuel Prado Ugarteche.
Geography.
Cuispes District covers 110.72 km2. It has a varied topography, ranging from 1,000 m to 1,690 m above sea level, with highlands, plateaus, and waterfalls, including the majestic Yumbilla.
According to a 2005 Census, the population density was 7.8 people per km2, and the population was estimated to be over 700 inhabitants. This number has increased markedly, however, in the last 10 years.
The capital is the town of Cuispes, which is home to some 200 families.
Economy.
Most of the population is involved in agriculture - such as growing potatoes, maize, fruit and coffee - and livestock raising.
78.55% of the land of Cuispes District is owned by smallholders, who mostly grow temporary crops; meanwhile, 22.45% of the land is used for permanent crops.
Tourist Attractions.
Cuispes' main tourist attraction is the Yumbilla Falls, the fifth highest waterfall in the world. Hidden in the high jungle vegetation, Yumbilla remained unknown - except to locals - until 2007, when it was visited by a group of scientists from the "Peruvian National Geographic Institute" (IGN), who asserted at the time that the height of the waterfall, at 895.4m (2,938 ft) high, placed it as the third highest in the world, and higher than the nearby Gocta Falls.
In the top part of the waterfall can be found the mysterious and beautiful San Francisco Cave. It is 5 m (16 ft) high and 9 m (29 ft) wide. Its depth is unknown: to date, the furthest anyone has gone is 250 m (820 ft).
Yumbilla Falls now receives Peruvian and overseas visitors, attracted by the beauty of the scenery. There is a 5.7 km (3.5 miles) trail from Cuispes town to the lower part of the waterfall. After an hour's hike, you arrive at the 'Sal si puedes ('Leave if you can')' Viewpoint, from where you can see most of the waterfall. The lower part of the waterfall is very impressive, as a large cloud of mist is created by the impact of the water on the rocks.
The IGN study indicated that the terrain around Yumbilla is mountainous, with small, medium and large trees with fauna including Andean cock of the rock, monkeys, reptiles and spectacled bears.
Cuipses District is also home to Chinata Falls (580 m / 1,903 ft) and Pabellon Falls (400 m / 1,312 ft).
The town of Cuispes now offers tourism services, such as horse rental, eateries and guides.

</doc>
<doc id="6921752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921752" title="Lei tai">
Lei tai

The lei tai is an elevated fighting arena, without railings, where often fatal weapons and bare-knuckle martial arts tournaments were once held. "Sanctioned" matches were presided over by a referee on the platform and judges on the sides. Participants would lose if they surrendered, were incapacitated, or were thrown or otherwise forced from the stage. The winner would remain on the stage (as its "owner") unless ousted by a stronger opponent. If there were no more challengers, they would become the champion. Private duels on the stage had no rules and were sometimes fought to the death.
The lei tai first appeared in ancient China, and in its present form during the Song dynasty. However, ancient variations of it can be traced back to at least the Qin dynasty. Today it is used in Sanshou and Kuoshu competitions throughout the world.
Etymology.
According to "Kung Fu Magazine", the Chinese character " (in Mandarin "lèi" or "léi") combines the word for "thunder" (léi 雷) with the radical for "hand" (shǒu 手). It can mean, "to give an open challenge." But taken literally, it means to "beat (a drum)". "Tái" means "stage" or "platform." It is also commonly referred to as a "Dǎ lèi tái " (Traditional: 打擂臺 Simplified: 打擂台 – "Fight Beat (a drum) Platform"). The character for "Dǎ" combines the word for "robust or vigorous" (dīng 丁) with the radical for "hand" (shǒu 手). This can mean, "to strike, hit, beat, or fight". In Cantonese, using the Wade-Giles superscript number system, Lei tai is pronounced Leui4 Toi4. A common English rendering of this is "Lui Toi or Loey Toy". Da lei tai is pronounced Da1 leui4 toi4 or Da2 leui4 toi4.
The Chinese military once used a "Zhong Jun Lei Gu Tai" (中军擂鼓台 – "Central Military Drum Beating Platform") to drum out commands on the battlefield and to tell time in the capital city. (see Gulou and Zhonglou) Three kingdoms general Zhang Fei used a "drum beating platform" to teach his soldiers troop movements. It is possible that the lei tai received its name from this type of platform, since a superior fighter might "beat" his opponent like a drum.
Dimensions.
The fighting area is square, but its exact size varies from source to source.
History (prior to 1928).
In ancient China, combat sport appeared in the form of Leitai, a no-holds-barred mixed combat sport that combined Chinese martial arts, boxing and wrestling. Lei tai in its present form appeared during the Song dynasty when it was used for boxing and Shuai Jiao exhibition matches and private duels. According to the "Chinese Kuoshu Institute" (UK), an ancestor of the lei tai was used during the Qin dynasty to hold Jiao Li wrestling competitions between imperial soldiers. The winner would be chosen to act as a bodyguard to the emperor or a martial arts instructor for the Imperial Military.
According to Cung Le, a famous mixed martial arts fighter, "In the old days, if you wanted to announce yourself as a boxer in a new village, you built a lei tai, stood on it, and invited all comers to try and knock you off." Some fighters issued their challenge in the form of a hand written letter to the person they wished to face. This form of challenge was illustrated in the movie "Fearless", when Jet Li's character challenges another warrior to a fight. The book "Ultimate Sparring: Principles &amp; Practices" comments, "martial artists conducted 'Challenge matches' [on the lei tai] to test each other's skills, because of a personal dispute, or to prove one martial system's superiority over another system." Either fighter lost the match and his credibility if he fell, was forced off or was knocked to the floor of the stage. As a result, no one would want to learn boxing from him. The winner of the bout became the "owner of the platform" and remained on stage unless he was forced off himself. If there were no more challengers, he became the champion and or established the dominance of his style in that area. Another way was to defeat an already established master on the lei tai and then take over his school.
In order to become a champion, a fighter had to defeat countless opponents. For instance, Lama Pai Grandmaster Wong Yan-Lam set up his own lei tai platform in front of "Hai Tung" Monastery in Guangdong after having worked as a famous bodyguard in Northern China. For 18 days, he fought over 150 other martial artists and was never defeated. According to Hop Gar Grandmaster David Chin, "Either the challenger was maimed or killed. Wong never let one challenger leave his school without injury. He was a master of using the technique of cruelty." Shortly afterwards, he was elected as the leader of the Ten Tigers of Canton, who were the top ten kung fu men in Guangdong. Eighteenth generation Chen-style tai chi Grandmaster Chen Zhaopi, third nephew of Chen Fake, set up a platform by Beijing's "Xuan Wu Men" city gate after an unauthorized article claiming the superiority of Chen-style tai chi appeared in the "Beijing Times", causing many martial artists to challenge his skills. Over the course of 17 days, he defeated over 200 people and made many friends. If these examples are followed, it took a fighter anywhere from 17 to 18 days and 150–200 plus consecutive wins to establish their style's dominance in that area.
All weapons and boxing matches were conducted without protective gear like the "Jissen Kumite" (full-contact fighting) of Kyokushin Karate. On top of being forced from or thrown to the floor of the stage, the fights sometimes continued until either boxer conceded defeat, was severely injured and could no longer fight, or was even killed. One example of a death on stage was described by Hung Gar Grandmaster "Chiu Kow" (1895–1995), father of Grandmaster Chiu Chi Ling. The fight took place between Hung Gar Master "Leng Cai Yuk" and a triad boss named "Ha Saan fu", who was also a master of Internal martial arts. Because Ha dealt in prostitution, gambling, and drugs, Leng challenged Ha to a lei tai bout to halt the expansion of his criminal territory. Ha accepted the challenge and agreed to leave the area if he lost.
Ha had previously heard of Master Leng's ability to tear at the flesh of his opponents with his bare hands, so he wrapped his torso with a leather strap prior to the fight. Both men met on the lei tai some time later and signed a contract that stated the fight could end in death. The crowd watched as both initiated combat. After a few moments, Leng (apparently seeing the leather straps through his ripped clothing) bypassed Ha's armor by forcing his hand down from the top of the wrap and tore out the triad boss' bowels. When Ha fell dead to the stage, his men tried attacking Leng to exact revenge, but the local police quickly arrested Leng to protect him. He was eventually set free.
However, the railless architecture of the lei tai allowed a fighter to escape serious injury if they faced a more powerful opponent. All they had to do was leap down from the stage. This constituted a loss, but the boxer lived to fight another day. Despite this option, the Nationalist government banned the old traditions of private duels on the lei tai in 1928 because too many people were dying.
Modern day (1928 to present).
National boxing competitions.
In order to screen the best practitioners for teaching positions at the newly founded Central Guoshu Institute, and in the provincial schools, Generals Zhang Zhi Jiang (张之江) (1882–1966), Li Liejun (1882–1946) and Li Jinglin (1885–1931) held the first modern full contact, national competition in October 1928. Many traditional masters did not compete because they believed their skills could only be proven in serious duels and not "sporting" contests. However, the event attracted hundreds of the best Chinese martial artists who participated in boxing, weapons and wrestling in a lei tai ring format. But after the first several days, the fighting competitions had to be halted because two masters were killed and many more seriously injured. The final 12 contestants were not permitted to continue for fear of killing off some of the greatest masters of the time. The overall winner was voted on by a jury of his peers. Many of the "Top 15" finishers (some being Xingyi boxers) went on to teach at the institute.
In 1929, the governor of Guangdong Province invited some of the institute's masters (including some of those that had competed in the 1928 lei tai) to come south to establish a "Southern Kuoshu Institute". General Li Jinglin chose five masters to represent northern China. These men were known as the "Wu hu xia jiangnan" (五虎下江南 – "Five tigers heading south of Jiangnan"):
In 1933, the institute again hosted the national competition. The rules said, "...if death occurs as a result of boxing injuries and fights, the coffin with a body of the deceased will be sent home." Winners of this contest include:
Kuoshu (lei tai full-contact fighting).
Differing mainly in regulations, such as Kuoshu's allowing competitors to strike the same place twice, kuoshu and sanshou are examples of how popular the overall concept of full-contact kung fu has become. Though a few see a stringent dividing line between the sports, some such as Anthony Goh, president of the United States of America Wushu Kungfu Federation, see less contrast. "The rules will always be slightly different," says Goh, but "the various names all mean the same thing."
Others see the distinction as primarily historical. Huang Chien Liang, president of the "United States Kuoshu Federation and The World Kuoshu Federation", notes that "Kuoshu has another meaning as 'national art.' In 1928, the Central Kuoshu Academy was formed, and they sponsored a full-contact tournament, but when the Chinese Communist Party took over China, the Nationalist government moved to Taiwan, where, in 1955, they held a full-contact tournament, calling it lei tai. At that time, they used the original rules; no protection, and no weight class – whatever number you picked up, you fought together.
In 1975, Taiwan sponsored the first "World Kuoshu Championship Tournament", and started to have weight class division. The second tournament also took place in Taiwan and was won by Peter Ralston, the first non-Asian to do so. The current president of the United States Kuo Shou Federation Huang Chien-Liang brought six of his students as a team to the 3rd World Kuoshu Championship tournament in Hawaii in 1980. This world tournament, sponsored and organized by an international Kuoshu federation in Taiwan, featured top Chinese stylists from around the world. Although they were nervous about the competition, Huang's students performed surprisingly well. They captured top placing in several divisions, including forms and full contact fighting. In total, they took home six trophies. In 1986, Huang assembled another team to participate in the 5th World Kuoshu Championship. Huang served as Head Coach of the U.S. team. The 6th Championship took place in 1989 So by 1992, Taiwan had already sponsored seven Kuoshu lei tai fighting events.
Meanwhile, in China, "Kuoshu had been oppressed during the Cultural Revolution," notes president Huang, "and martial arts was then allowed only for performance until 1979, when wushu was allowed to include self-defense, so practitioners began writing the rules for the Sanshou Wushu tournaments, and the Communist government held a tournament called Sanshou."
Confirming the common direction of Kuoshu and Sanshou toward safety, however, president Huang approves of the rules changes in full-contact kung fu. "In 1986, at the fifth world tournament in Taiwan, they had a separate weight class, but still no protection. So many people suffered a broken nose and other injuries." As a result, the "International Kuoshu Federation" decided to change the rules. "So since 1988, the new rules apply."
Sanshou / Sanda.
As previously stated, martial arts were only allowed for performance purposes until 1979. But in March of that year, the Zhejiang Provincial Sports Training Center, Beijing Physical Education University (former Beijing Physical Education Institute), and Wuhan Physical Education College were convened by the government-appointed "China National Sport Committee" (CNSC) to transform Sanshou into a competitive sport. By October, the first three Sanshou teams were created from fighters chosen from the aforementioned wushu colleges. Even more teams were gathered in May 1980.
The first official Sanshou rules were drafted in January 1982 when the CNSC convened the "National Sanshou Competition Rules Conference" in Beijing. Six teams consisting of the Shandong, Hebei and Guangdong provincial teams, the Beijing Physical Education University and City teams and the Wuhan Physical Education College team were summoned to the conference to help formulate the regulations and points system of the sport. Ten months later, the very first Sanshou competition was held in November 1982. The original fighting area was a nine-meter diameter open circle, but it was later changed to a traditional square lei tai.
According to Shuai Jiao Grandmaster Liang Shou Yu, "In the past, San Shou competition was held on the Lei Tai, a 24 x platform high. Victory was decided when an opponent was thrown off the Lei Tai or knocked to the floor. Therefore, Shuai Jiao is an important part of San Shou fighting. A martial artist without any Shuai Jiao skills would not easily survive a San Shou match."
Kung Fu Magazine states just throwing someone off the lei tai in a Sanshou match is 3 points, which is "the [points] equivalent of a spinning hook kick to the head, or a perfect foot sweep."
Water lei tai.
The city of Taizhou, Zhejiang hosted the first "On Water Contest of the 'Liqun Cup' International Traditional Wushu and Unique Feats Tournament" from May 22–26, 1999. It was here that 24 countries and 28 Chinese national teams, over a thousand competitors in all, gathered to test their skills against each other.
The water lei tai was held on the afternoon of the second day of competition (May 23). There were five divisions and it was the most attended event of the tournament. The event was made more difficult when it rained just prior to the matches, making the fighting surface very slippery. Also fighters were restricted to minimal safety equipment, only gloves and shorts. The defeated, who fell or was forced off the stage, landed in water. To improve safety, the lei tai was a meter shorter than a standard one, which lessened the impact and allowed assistants to quickly jump in the pool to rescue any fighter who might have been unconscious. No serious injuries were recorded during this event.
There have been more water lei tai's held since this event. In March 2004, the 9th International Chinese Kuoshu Federation (ICKF) World Championship hosted the 3rd water lei tai. The tournament venue was Aquatic Training Centre, Tainan Canal, Tainan, Taiwan. This was the first International event hosted by the ICKF to be held entirely on water.
Strategy.
"Kung Fu Magazine" states the lei tai's railless architecture does not allow a fighter to trap an opponent in the turnbuckle, so the fighting strategy shifts away from power boxing to more evasive "circling" maneuvers. Nor can a fighter just rush their adversary. A quick redirection will send a charging opponent off the stage. And falling off can hurt, so fighters must deal with an added psychological factor when they approach the edge. Like Japanese sumo, a fighter must stand their ground. Falling out-of-bounds constitutes a loss.
Sparring benefits.
According to the Swiss Open Kusohu Tournament, lei tai permits the kung fu student to show their understanding of the techniques, moves, rooting, breathing and control of character (i.e. anger). Kung fu together with lei tai trains the instincts and timing. It cultivates concentration and relaxation at the same time. It teaches practical combat applications of the disconnected moves learned from sets or taolu ("Forms"). With lei tai a student receives personal feedback on their strengths and weaknesses.

</doc>
<doc id="6921754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921754" title="Cuispes">
Cuispes



</doc>
<doc id="6921772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921772" title="Bob Andy">
Bob Andy

Keith Anderson CD (28 October 1944 – 27 March 2020), better known by the stage name Bob Andy, was a Jamaican reggae vocalist and songwriter. He was widely regarded as one of reggae's most influential songwriters.
Early life.
Anderson was born in Kingston, Jamaica, in October 1944, where his mother worked at Up-Park Camp. At the age of seven he moved to live with his grandmother in Westmoreland. After his grandmother died, his mother gave him away, and he was subject to beatings at the hands of his adoptive parents.
After several years he returned to Kingston to help look after one of his siblings, but to escape beatings from his mother, he tried to get a place at Maxfield Park children's home by telling them that his mother had died. They both ended up in court, where he was made a ward of the state and returned to Maxfield Park. At the home, he taught himself to play piano, and began singing in the Kingston Parish Church choir. In the local scout troop he met Tyrone Evans, with whom he formed the Binders.
Career.
Bob Andy was one of the founding members of The Paragons, along with Tyrone Evans and Howard Barrett, with John Holt later joining briefly before being replaced by Vic Taylor. Andy left after Holt rejoined and worked for Studio One delivering records and songwriting before embarking on a solo career.
His first solo hit record in 1967, "I've Got to Go Back Home", was followed by "Desperate Lover", "Feeling Soul", "Unchained", and "Too Experienced". He also composed songs for other reggae artists, including "I Don't Want to See You Cry" for Ken Boothe, and "Feel Like Jumping", "Truly", and "Melody Life" for Marcia Griffiths. He had several hits in the late 1960s, including "Going Home", "Unchained", "Feeling Soul", "My Time", "The Ghetto Stays in the Mind", and "Feel the Feeling". Some of these, and his 1992 hit, "Fire Burning", have come to be regarded as reggae standards and several have been covered several times by other artists.
In the early 1970s, he recorded with Marcia Griffiths as Bob and Marcia, initially for Studio One, but later under producer "Harry J" Johnson's tutelage. They had a major hit in the UK with "Young, Gifted and Black" (with orchestral backing added for the UK market) and spent time there promoting it, touring with Elton John and Gilbert O'Sullivan. When the tour ended they were still not getting any money, and were told by people in England that Harry J had got the cash. They returned to Jamaica. Andy said "when we left Jamaica, Harry J did not have a studio. When we came back, he had a studio and a brand new Benz."
He continued without Johnson's involvement and returned to the UK, where he recorded "Pied Piper" with Griffiths and they toured again. "Pied Piper" gave them another top 20 hit, but the duo was dissolved when Griffiths joined the I Threes.
Disillusioned with the industry, in 1978 Andy put his music career on hold and after taking up creative dancing with the National Dance Theatre Company, concentrated on his career as an actor, starring in the films "Children of Babylon" in 1980, and "The Mighty Quinn" (1989). He relocated to London, where he worked as a producer and recorded with Mad Professor, for whom he recorded a dub version of his "Song Book" album. Later, Andy moved to Miami.
In 1997 he released a new album, "Hangin' Tough", produced by Willie Lindo.
Andy toured Africa for the first time in 2005, performing at the Bob Marley 60th birthday concert in Addis Ababa, and while in Ethiopia also sang at the President's Palace and gave benefit concerts for the Twelve Tribes organization at the Rastafari movement settlement at Shashamane.
The Jamaican government conferred the Order of Distinction in the rank of Commander (CD) on Andy in October 2006 for his contributions to the development of Jamaican music.
In March 2015, Andy was mugged on Mona Road in St. Andrew and robbed of JA$50,000 and two cellphones, the assailant slashing his left arm with a knife in the attack.
The late Michael Prophet cited Andy as his main influence as a singer.
Andy died of pancreatic cancer on 27 March 2020, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="6921777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921777" title="Johann II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar">
Johann II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar

Johann II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar ("Johann Maria Wilhelm"; 22 May 1570 – 18 July 1605) was a Duke of Saxe-Weimar and Jena.
Biography.
Johann was the second son of Johann Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar and Dorothea Susanne of Simmern.
Johann Wilhelm died in 1573 when his son was only three years old. Since at the time Johann's older brother Frederick William I was also under age, the duchy of Saxe-Weimar (originally awarded to Johann) was governed by a regency. In 1586 Frederick William reached adulthood and took full control of the duchy, including Weimar. However, he died in 1602 and the full duchy was inherited by Johann, because Frederick William's sons were underage.
Johann was more interested in natural sciences and art than politics, and therefore only against his will took over the regency of the duchy on behalf of his nephews. But when they demanded their own inheritance in 1603, he resisted their demands. Finally, Johann and his nephews made a treaty dividing the duchy: Altenburg was taken by the sons of Frederick William I, and Weimar-Jena was retained by Johann.
This line of Saxe-Altenburg became extinct in 1672, and all the inheritance passed to the line of Saxe-Weimar, Johann's descendants.
Family.
In Altenburg on 7 January 1593, Johann married Dorothea Maria of Anhalt (2 July 1574 - 18 July 1617). They had twelve children in just twelve years:

</doc>
<doc id="6921787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921787" title="The Mad, Mad, Mad Comedians">
The Mad, Mad, Mad Comedians

The Mad, Mad, Mad Comedians is a 1970 American animated television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions. After the Christmas special "Frosty the Snowman" (1969), it was Rankin/Bass' second hand-drawn animated work to be outsourced to Osamu Tezuka's Mushi Production in Tokyo, Japan. The show aired on ABC on April 7, 1970 before the airing of that year's Oscars. It was a tribute to early vaudeville, and featured animated reworkings of various famous comedians' acts.
Production and Marx Brothers.
Most of the comedians provided their own voices for their animated counterparts, except for Chico Marx and W. C. Fields, both deceased, Zeppo Marx, who had left show business in 1933, and Harpo Marx, also deceased (though no voice was needed for him since his stage persona did not speak). Groucho Marx, 80 years old, was still playing himself. Voice actor Paul Frees narrated the show and filled in for those actors who were not able to do their own voices. Although Jack Benny's Maxwell automobile makes an appearance, it was not voiced by its usual voice actor Mel Blanc, and Frees provided the effects for the Maxwell as well.
The show included a Marx Brothers skit, which was a reworking of a scene from their Broadway play "I'll Say She Is" (1924). The skit included their famous Napoleon parody, with Napoleon played by Groucho. The sketch featured animated representations. Romeo Muller is credited as having written special material for the show in addition to the original scripts that came from the various comedians' sketches.
This special and "Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town" (released later that year) gave Rankin/Bass their highest TV ratings, even higher than "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" (1964). More recently, Behr Entertainment was in talks to produce a similar show that would feature cartoon renditions of Jack Benny, George Burns, Abbott and Costello, and Bob Hope. Thirteen half-hour episodes were proposed.
Plot.
The majority of the special is an animated vaudeville-style show featuring numerous comedians performing the greatest skits at the palace.
In between the skits, various comedians including Henny Youngman, Jack E. Leonard, George Jessel, and Phyllis Diller tell a few funny jokes as the TV special progresses. Also making silent cameos in the special are Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Ray Charles, Charlie Chaplin (in silhouette form), The Beatles, Queen Elizabeth II, Ronald Reagan, the Munsters, Jed and Granny Clampett, and cartoon stars Popeye the Sailor, Charlie Brown, Tom Cat, Jerry Mouse and Yogi Bear.

</doc>
<doc id="6921794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921794" title="Riverdale Elementary School (British Columbia)">
Riverdale Elementary School (British Columbia)



</doc>
<doc id="6921799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921799" title="Donald S. Fleming">
Donald S. Fleming

Donald Stuart Fleming (March 23, 1913 – September 12, 2001) was a politician from Alberta, Canada.
Political career.
Fleming was elected as a Social Credit Party of Alberta member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1959 Alberta general election for Calgary West. He barely held onto his seat in 1963, holding off Progressive Conservative leader Milt Harradence by just over a thousand votes. He sought a third term in 1967 and was resoundingly defeated by Harradence's successor as Tory leader, Peter Lougheed, who would go on to become Alberta's premier.
During his years in the Legislature Donald Fleming served as a back bench member in the Social Credit government. He participated on the Select Standing Committees on Agriculture, Colonization, Immigration and Education; Railways, Telephones and Irrigation; Public Affairs; Private Bills; and Public Accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="6921814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921814" title="Peter Van Houdt">
Peter Van Houdt

Peter Van Houdt (born 4 November 1976) is a Belgian former professional footballer who played as a forward and manager.
Playing career.
Van Houdt started his professional career at Sint-Truiden and after playing four years for Roda JC in the Netherlands he spent several years in Germany with Borussia Mönchengladbach and MSV Duisburg. After his stay in Germany he came back to the club where it all started for him, Sint-Truiden.
Coaching career.
On 1 March 2010, it was confirmed that Van Houdt would become U17 manager for Jecora Herk and in the following season would become assistant manager for his former youth club Herk Sport under manager Dirk Verjans. After one season, he succeeded Verjans as manager of the club.
On 24 October 2014, Van Houdt left Herk Sport to become the manager of KVK Wellen. That cooperation was terminated by mutual agreement on 12 January 2016. Eleven months later, he became manager of RC Hades. He left the club at the end of the 2018–19 season.
A.S. Verbroedering Geel announced on 12 September 2019, that they had appointed Van Houdt as the club's new manager. In January 2020, due to financial difficulties, Geel announced that the club had released all players and technical staff, including Van Houdt.
Honours.
Roda JC

</doc>
<doc id="6921815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921815" title="Stoney Creek High School">
Stoney Creek High School

Stoney Creek High School is a public high school located in Rochester Hills, Michigan and is part of the Rochester Community Schools school district.
History.
Construction began in 1997 when voters approved a bond issue for building improvements in the growing district. The school board decided to name the school after the nearby historic village of Stony Creek. The high school opened in 2001 at a total cost of $64 million. The building first housed Rochester Adams students when their school was being renovated. It later housed Rochester High School Students in the 2001–2002 school year. The building also housed North Hill Elementary students when their school was receiving extensive renovations in the 2002–2003 school year but, the elementary students only attended class in half of the school while the other half was used by students of Stoney Creek. The building similarly housed Hart Middle School students when their school underwent renovations in the 2018–2019 school year.
The school began renovations in 2019 after the district funding bond, including a remodel of the media center.
The first principal was Daniel Hickey, who retired in 2009. The second principal of Stoney Creek High School was Larry Goralski, who was named the Michigan Association of Student Councils (MASC) Principal of the Year in 2010. Dr. Cathryn Skedel served as principal from 2014 to 2020. Brian Shelson is the current principal.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Stoney Creek High School has various boys and girls sports in the fall, winter, and spring seasons.
The varsity football program is currently under head coach Nick Merlo, who originated the "Armor Up" theme in 2018. He coached the cougars to a playoff appearance in 2019 and a district finals appearance in 2020, along with Stoney Creek's first-ever undefeated regular season in 2020.
Music program.
Stoney Creek's Chamber Singers have performed several times at the Michigan Music Conference in Grand Rapids, MI. In 2012 they also performed at the ACDA convention in Fort Wayne, IN.
The Wind Ensemble group has also performed at the Michigan Music Conference.
The choral program at Stoney has led students to sing with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, Rochester Symphony Orchestra, Toronto Symphony Orchestra, and the Detroit Chamber Winds
Stoney Creek's Marching Band has held numerous performances at the Joe Louis Arena. The combined instrumental programs were also invited to perform at Walt Disney World in 2015.
Stoney Creek has two winter guard teams competing in the Michigan Color Guard Circuit. The school also hosts regional competitions through MCGC.
Theatre program.
The Stoney Creek Theatre Company produces three shows throughout the school year. The Fall Play (September–November), the Winter One Act (December–February), and the Spring Musical (February–May). Currently, the SCHS Theatre Program is under the direction of Kayvon Kashani-Gharavi.

</doc>
<doc id="6921816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921816" title="Francois Francoeur">
Francois Francoeur



</doc>
<doc id="6921823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921823" title="!HERO">
!HERO



</doc>
<doc id="6921833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921833" title="If I Left The Zoo">
If I Left The Zoo



</doc>
<doc id="6921836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921836" title="Cold Spring Presbyterian Church">
Cold Spring Presbyterian Church

The Cold Spring Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in Cold Spring, New Jersey, founded in 1714.
Building.
The historic two-story red brick building located at 780 Seashore Road in the Cold Spring section of Lower Township, in Cape May County, New Jersey. The current church building, known as "Old Brick", was constructed in 1823 by Thomas H. Hughes, who was also the architect of Congress Hall in Cape May, New Jersey. This red brick building replaced a frame and shingle church erected in 1764, which itself replaced a 1714 log meetinghouse. The church's cemetery, Cold Spring Presbyterian Cemetery, is the site of a 1742 grave (that of Sarah Eldridge Spicer) and of the most Mayflower descendants anywhere outside Massachusetts. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 14, 1991, for its significance in settlement, architecture, religion, and government.
History.
The congregation was founded in 1714. The first regular pastor was John Bradner, who served from 1715 until 1721. Hughston Hughes was pastor for one year, starting in 1726, before being dismissed for "his too free use of intoxicating drinks."
Samuel Finley was pastor for several years. Finley, who was a graduate of the Log College, later became president of the College of New Jersey, the predecessor of Princeton University. Another Log College graduate, Daniel Lawrence, was pastor from 1752 until his death in 1766. His tombstone in the adjacent graveyard was inscribed
The two hundredth anniversary of the church was celebrated on August 16, 1914. President Woodrow Wilson sent a congratulatory letter.

</doc>
<doc id="6921841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921841" title="Saveur">
Saveur

Saveur is an online gourmet, food, wine, and travel magazine that publishes essays about various world cuisines. The publication was co-founded by Dorothy Kalins, Michael Grossman, Christopher Hirsheimer, and Colman Andrews. It was started by Meigher Communications in 1994.
World Publications bought "Saveur" and "Garden Design" in 2000. In October 2020, Bonnier Corporation sold "Saveur", along with several other publications, to venture equity group North Equity.
In April 2023, "Saveur" was purchased by one of its longtime editors, Kat Craddock, and her investment partner. A popular feature has been the "Saveur 100", an annual list of "favorite restaurants, food, drink, people, places and things".
History.
"Saveur" was created by Dorothy Kalins, then editor-in-chief of Metropolitan Home magazine. Kalins launched the new food magazine with Christopher Hirsheimer (who produced food stories for "Metropolitan Home") and Colman Andrews (who wrote a column for the same magazine). Kalins served as "Saveur"s founding editor-in-chief, with Michael Grossman as the creative director, Andrews as executive editor, and Hirsheimer as food editor. "Saveur" was originally published six times a year by Meigher Communications, a now-defunct publishing company.
"Saveur"s first issue hit the stands in the summer of 1994 with a 13-page cover story about the famed moles of Oaxaca, Mexico, complete with photos from the region's food markets and home kitchens, and a step-by-step visual guide to making chicken and mole-filled tamales. That inaugural issue also included articles on a mail-order source for freshly milled flour from Kansas, Trappist beer in Belgium and a behind-the-scenes look at a pizza trade show in Las Vegas.
Kalins departed "Saveur" in 2000 after the magazine was purchased by World Publications, a special interest magazine company based in Winter Park, Florida. Under World Publications, the magazine was published eight times a year. Andrews served as in editor-in-chief until 2006; he departed shortly after Bonnier, the Swedish media company, purchased a minority stake in World Publications.
James Oseland, a regular "Saveur" writer who was brought on by Andrews as executive editor, became editor-in-chief in 2006 and built a new editorial team. While hewing to the magazine's original mission, the new editors welcomed a growing readership with special feature packages and single-topic issues, each of which tackled a single theme in depth. Essayists, novelists, comedians, and others have discussed the subject of food in the pages of "Saveur":
In 2014, the editors of "Saveur" published "Saveur: The New Classics Cookbook". Contributors included James Oseland and Helen Rosner.
In February 2021, "Saveur" announced they were ceasing physical publication in favor of an online-only presence. However, in November 2023, Craddock announced that the print magazine would be returning, albeit with some changes in the interest of sustainability. The relaunched "Saveur" will be released in a twice-yearly format, starting with a Spring/Summer issue in March 2024.
Blog awards.
In 2010, "Saveur" opened nominations for the inaugural "Best Food Blog Awards" in nine categories. In 2011, readers voted for their favorite food blogs in 17 categories, including Best Food Photography, Best Regional Cuisine Blog, and Best Kitchen Tools and Hardware Coverage. 2014 was the first year featuring "Reader's Choice" and "Editor's Choice" winners. The 2015 awards honored 78 blogs in 13 categories. The winners of "Saveur" awards include David Lebovitz, Deb Perelman, Molly Yeh, Joy Wilson, and Michał Korkosz.

</doc>
<doc id="6921847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921847" title="Dennis Blair (baseball)">
Dennis Blair (baseball)

Dennis Herman Blair (born June 5, 1954) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Montreal Expos during the 1974–1976 seasons and for the San Diego Padres in 1980. Blair grew up in Rialto, California, and attended Eisenhower High School in Rialto.
After his major league career ended in 1982, he worked and attended California State University San Bernardino. He graduated in 1993 with a Liberal Studies Bachelor of Arts degree and completed his master's degree at Lamar University.
He moved to Texas and taught students with special needs in Garland and Mesquite Independent School Districts. He retired from teaching in 2016 and lives in the Phoenix area part of the year. He is married and has two sons, a step-son and three grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6921850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921850" title="The Key to Joy Is Disobedience">
The Key to Joy Is Disobedience

The Key to Joy Is Disobedience was a box set released by the group Coil. It contains the following releases: "Live Four", "Live Three", "Live Two", "Live One", "ANS", and "Megalithomania!".
Background.
The set is often incorrectly referred to as "Live Box". Upon its release, the set cost just under $200. Other than CDs, the set contains four art prints, one of which is signed and one of which contains an actual drawing. A list of beast boxes is included as well. A black glass disc and a clear glass disc are also included, supposedly for scrying use. The set is sealed with a sticker that must be broken in order to access its contents.
The box set's title is based on a line from Aleister Crowley's "Hymn to Lucifer": "The Key of Joy is disobedience."
Edition.
This box set is limited to an edition of 100 normal copies and 23 special copies, which are subtitled "Beast Box". These so-called "beast boxes" each have their own individual titles. The titles are as follows:
The "beast boxes" were hand decorated by John Balance as well as a few other known Coil acquaintances.
In popular culture.
In 2022, indie rock artist Ariel Pink released an album entitled "The Key of Joy Is Disobedience" with the project Ariel Pink's Dark Side.

</doc>
<doc id="6921852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921852" title="West Mesquite High School">
West Mesquite High School

West Mesquite High School is a high school in Mesquite, Texas, United States. The school, which serves grades 9 through 12, is a part of the Mesquite Independent School District.
The school serves the western portion of Mesquite and most of the MISD portion of Balch Springs. The school mascot is the Wrangler. The school is located near the Mesquite Championship Rodeo at the Mesquite Arena, and was built on land once owned by the Rodeo.
Memorial Stadium, is on campus along with the Mesquite Tower which broadcasts the school district's own radio station, KEOM.
Athletics.
West Mesquite High School currently participates as a UIL 5A (AAAAA) school in Football, Basketball, Tennis, Outdoor Track and Field, Cross Country, Golf, Soccer, Volleyball, Baseball, Softball, and Swimming.
Football.
1992:The first winning season in WMHS history.
1994: WMHS finished 8-2 but missed the playoffs.
1995: WMHS wins their first district championship in high school football. The Wranglers finished the regular season a perfect 10–0, 5–0. Bi-District: Lost to Tyler Chapel Hill 35–15 in their first ever play off game.
1996: WM finished in a three-way tie for first place in district 12-4A with Greenville and Terrell. 10–2, 4–1. Bi-District: WM 40, WT White 0. Area: Grapevine 42, WM 13.
From 1994 to 1996 the WM Wranglers compiled a 28–5 record under Head Coach Gary Johnson.
2006: The Wranglers were 8–2, 6-1 and placed second in district 10-4A. WM ended the regular season ranked #7 in the area. Bi-District: Frisco 22, West Mesquite 19 (3 OTs)
2007: First year with Mike Overton as head coach. The Wranglers ended the regular season 7–3, 5–2. They finished second in the very tough district 10-4A. BiDistrict: West Mesquite 35, Lake Dallas 28. Area: West Mesquite 47, Whitehouse 29.Regional Semi-Finals: West Mesquite 41, Red Oak 28. State Quarter-Finals: Highland Park(49) beat West (6). The Wranglers ended their season with a record of 10–4.
2008: West ended the year with a 6–5, 5–1 record and qualified for post season play. Bi District: Waxahachie beat West in the first round of the playoffs.
2010: West ended the regular season 8–2, 6-2 district, losing to Lancaster and Forney in district 15-4A. West ended the season with an average score of over 40 points per game, the lowest overall 21–42 loss against Lancaster, and the highest being 63–56 win against Waxahachie. BiDistrict: West Mesquite 48, Pflugerville Hendrickson 39. West advanced past the first round for the first time since 2007. Area: West Mesquite 55, Sherman 34. Regional Semi-Finals: West Mesquite 30, Wylie 38.
2024: West Mesquite went undefeated in the regular season going into the playoffs 10-0. They passed the first round by beating McKinney North 28-14. They fell short during the second game and lost to Midlothian 45-21 ending their playoff season.
Baseball.
1992: West Mesquite was UIL State Runner-Up to Robstown. Bi-District: West Mesquite over Dallas: Jefferson 1-0 Area: West Mesquite over Coppell 4–3. Regional: West Mesquite over Texarkana: Liberty-Eylau 5–4. State Quarterfinal: West Mesquite over Dallas: White 4–1. State Semi-Final: West Mesquite over West Orange-Stark 8–7. State Final: Robstown over West Mesquite 7-6

</doc>
<doc id="6921863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921863" title="Thiruvonam">
Thiruvonam

Thiruvonam is a Taluk town in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu
Geography.
Thiruvonam is located at . It has an average elevation of 36 metres (120 feet).
Demographics.
Thiruvonam is a small town located south of Thanjavur, with an approximate population of 1,000 residents. It serves as the administrative center of the Thiruvonam Panchayat Union, which encompasses more than 20 surrounding villages, extending as far as Mariamman Kovil, a suburb on the northeastern outskirts of Thanjavur.
The Panchayat Union is currently represented by Councillor T. Thangadurai. Thiruvonam holds historical significance dating back to the early 11th century A.D., and was considered an important pilgrimage site during the Chola dynasty.
The town is known for its vibrant local culture, particularly the Muthu Thangappa Football Club and the annual temple festivals dedicated to Muthumariamman, both of which are celebrated with great enthusiasm. Notably, Thiru Muthu Thangappa, a respected former Chairman of the Panchayat Union, is remembered for his leadership and contributions to the community.
Politics.
Thiruvonam assembly constituency is part of Thanjavur (Lok Sabha constituency).
See also.
Onam

</doc>
<doc id="6921868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921868" title="Florida District, Peru">
Florida District, Peru

Florida is one of the twelve districts of the Bongará Province in the Amazonas Region of Peru. Its seat is Pomacochas, also named Florida. It is located approximately 90 km from Bagua Grande, at the route of the Peruvian forest for the marginal highway of the forest, today called Fernando Belaunde Terry.
The borders of the district are:
The access to the capital of the district is by asphalted highway of the Forest Fernando Belaunde Terry. It is an intermediate step of Chachapoyas to Lima.
The highway of the (Pan-American) coast (Fernando Belaunde Terry) joins to that of the forest doing a whole of 1,525 km, which is asphalted for its entire length.
In accordance with the census conducted in the district in the year 2003, it has a population of 5,117 inhabitants, 2,839 or (56%) belong to rural population and 2,275 inhabitants or (44%) are urban population.
Lake Pomacochas is situated within the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6921871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921871" title="Old Wrath">
Old Wrath



</doc>
<doc id="6921873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921873" title="Tom Ramsay (Neighbours)">
Tom Ramsay (Neighbours)



</doc>
<doc id="6921880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921880" title="List of composers by name">
List of composers by name

This is a list of composers by name, alphabetically sorted by surname, then by other names. The list of composers is by no means complete. It is not limited by classifications such as genre or time period; however, it includes only music composers of significant fame, notability or importance who also have current Wikipedia articles. For lists of music composers by other classifications, see lists of composers.
This list is not for arrangers or lyricists (see list of music arrangers and lyricists), unless they are also composers. Likewise, songwriters are listed separately, for example in a list of singer-songwriters and list of Songwriters Hall of Fame inductees.

</doc>
<doc id="6921885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921885" title="Rock City Version 2.0">
Rock City Version 2.0



</doc>
<doc id="6921888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921888" title="Podravje">
Podravje



</doc>
<doc id="6921889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921889" title="3,14">
3,14



</doc>
<doc id="6921891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921891" title="Matt Hagen">
Matt Hagen



</doc>
<doc id="6921893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921893" title="Tight closure">
Tight closure

In mathematics, in the area of commutative algebra, tight closure is an operation defined on ideals in positive characteristic. It was introduced by .
Let formula_1 be a commutative noetherian ring containing a field of characteristic formula_2. Hence formula_3 is a prime number.
Let formula_4 be an ideal of formula_1. The tight closure of formula_4, denoted by formula_7, is another ideal of formula_1 containing formula_4. The ideal formula_7 is defined as follows.
Here formula_19 is used to denote the ideal of formula_1 generated by the formula_21'th powers of elements of formula_4, called the formula_23th Frobenius power of formula_4.
An ideal is called tightly closed if formula_25. A ring in which all ideals are tightly closed is called weakly formula_26-regular (for Frobenius regular). A previous major open question in tight closure is whether the operation of tight closure commutes with localization, and so there is the additional notion of formula_26-regular, which says that all ideals of the ring are still tightly closed in localizations of the ring.
 found a counterexample to the localization property of tight closure. However, there is still an open question of whether every weakly formula_26-regular ring is formula_26-regular. That is, if every ideal in a ring is tightly closed, is it true that every ideal in every localization of that ring is also tightly closed?

</doc>
<doc id="6921899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921899" title="Onosma taurica">
Onosma taurica

Onosma taurica, the golden-flowered onosma, is a plant native to Europe. It is a perennial herbaceous plant. The leaves are arranged in a rosette at the base of the plant and are often covered in dense hairs, which can give them a silvery or grayish appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="6921901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921901" title="Four weddings and a funeral">
Four weddings and a funeral



</doc>
<doc id="6921908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921908" title="Robb Sapp">
Robb Sapp

Robb Sapp (born June 1, 1978) (sometimes known as Rob Sapp, or Robbie Sapp) is an American actor and singer who has appeared in musicals, both on Broadway and Off-Broadway as well as in regional theatre.
Early life.
Sapp grew up in Solon, Ohio. Sapp's father, Robert Sapp and his uncle William Sapp were in the band, Fully Assembled. His mother is involved in an Italian food catering business. Sapp once worked at Sea World of Ohio, dressing as a whale along with Marc Sumerak. He attended Syracuse University. While there he participated in "Damn Yankees", "Anything Goes" and "Much Ado About Nothing". After graduating with a Bachelor of Fine Arts, he was approached by Music Theater of Wichita and participated in shows including "Singin' in the Rain", "Evita" and "The Pajama Game". Sapp then relocated to New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="6921909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921909" title="Maybach Taniguchi">
Maybach Taniguchi

 is a Japanese professional wrestler who has worked for Pro Wrestling Noah since his debut in December 2005. He is also known by the ring name , under which he portrays a villainous masked character.
Professional wrestling career.
Amateur background.
Shuhei Taniguchi first started competitive wrestling when he was in high school. Like fellow Pro Wrestling Noah wrestlers Takashi Sugiura and Tamon Honda before him, Shuhei represented the Japanese armed forces in amateur wrestling. He greatly excelled in amateur wrestling, becoming highly decorated and making it all the way to the All Japan championships, the biggest stage for the sport, before deciding to turn pro.
Pro Wrestling Noah.
Taniguchi joined the Pro Wrestling Noah dojo on May 5, 2005, and spent many months training. He finally debuted along with Atsushi Aoki, Ippei Ota, and Akihiko Ito on December 24, 2005, as part of Noah's annual Christmas Eve Noahful Gift in Differ show. Taniguchi's team for his match actually won, making him the first and, to date, only rookie to not lose his debut match in Noah. On February 26, 2006, in just his fourth match, Shuhei Taniguchi picked up his first direct win, pinning fellow rookie Atsushi Aoki with a German suplex hold. Aoki himself had just pinned Ota the day before. It was clear that Taniguchi was seen as the ace of his dojo class, most likely because of his background and heavyweight status. On March 20 Noah announced an eight-man single-elimination tournament to determine the number contender for Jun Akiyama's GHC Heavyweight Championship. Shuhei was one of the eight wrestlers chosen, but lost in the first round to eventual winner Masao Inoue.
In early 2012 he turned on his friend and tag partner Go Shiozaki and then joined No Mercy. He then transformed himself into a stronger and more vicious wrestler and changed his name to "Maybach Taniguchi". He also defeated Muhammad Yone and has been on a winning streak defeating Yone, Kento Miyahara etc. He became the next challenger to Takeshi Morishima's GHC Heavyweight Title by brutally attacking him after he just defended his title with Naomichi Marufuji. On October 8, Taniguchi and Kenta defeated Magnus and Samoa Joe to win the GHC Tag Team Championship for the first time. They lost the title to Akitoshi Saito and Go Shiozaki just eighteen days later. In January 2013, Taniguchi debuted a new partner, Maybach Taniguchi, Jr. On February 9, Taniguchi turned on No Mercy leader Kenta, stole his GHC Heavyweight Championship belt and aligned himself with the New Japan Pro-Wrestling stable Chaos, represented in Noah by Takashi Iizuka, Toru Yano and Yujiro Takahashi. On March 10, Taniguchi was defeated by Kenta in a match for the GHC Heavyweight Championship. On March 31, Taniguchi faced his former protégé, Maybach Taniguchi, Jr., in a singles match. After unmasking his opponent as Takahiro Suwa, Taniguchi pinned him for the win. On April 13, Taniguchi and Yujiro Takahashi entered the 2013 Global Tag League, defeating Kenta and Yoshihiro Takayama in their opening match, with Taniguchi pinning the reigning GHC Heavyweight Champion for the win. However, Taniguchi and Takahashi managed to win only one of their three remaining matches in the tournament, failing to qualify for the finals. On May 11, Taniguchi took part in his trainer Kenta Kobashi's retirement match at Final Burning in Budokan, where he, Go Shiozaki, Kenta and Yoshinobu Kanemaru were defeated by Kobashi, Jun Akiyama, Keiji Mutoh and Kensuke Sasaki. After being unmasked by Katsuyori Shibata on December 7, Taniguchi announced his "third form", debuting a new all black mask on December 14. On January 5, 2014, Taniguchi formed a new stable, later named Choukibou-gun, with Kenoh and Takeshi Morishima. On January 25, Taniguchi and Morishima defeated TMDK (Mikey Nicholls and Shane Haste), with help from Kenoh and new stablemate Hajime Ohara, to win the GHC Tag Team Championship. On February 3, Taniguchi was defeated by Kenta in a No Disqualification grudge match between the two former partners. On May 31, Taniguchi and Morishima lost the GHC Tag Team Championship to Masato Tanaka and Takashi Sugiura.
Following Morishima's retirement from professional wrestling, Taniguchi entered the GHC Heavyweight Championship picture in May 2015, challenging Minoru Suzuki. On June 9, Taniguchi was unmasked during a tag team match, where he and Yoshihiro Takayama defeated Suzuki and Takashi Iizuka. Taniguchi received his title shot on June 15, but was defeated by Suzuki. On January 31, 2016, Taniguchi voluntarily removed his mask to become one of the leading figures in Noah's war with the Suzuki-gun stable. He has since worked unmasked, though retaining the Maybach Taniguchi name. In early June, Taniguchi represented Noah in the Lucha Libre World Cup in Mexico. Team Noah, made up of Taniguchi, Naomichi Marufuji and Taiji Ishimori, finished fourth in the tournament. On July 30, Taniguchi put his mask back on to attack new GHC Heavyweight Champion, Suzuki-gun's Takashi Sugiura, setting himself up as his first title challenger. On August 25, Taniguchi unsuccessfully challenged Sugiura for the GHC Heavyweight Championship.
On December 3, Taniguchi and Go Shiozaki defeated K.E.S. (Davey Boy Smith Jr. and Lance Archer) to win the GHC Tag Team Championship. They lost the title to Kenoh and Masa Kitamiya on January 21, 2017. On the February 24 show in Korakuen Hall following Naomichi Marufuji's match against Atsushi Kotoge, Taniguchi came out to shake hands and form a partnership with Marufuji despite their heated past, including Marufuji defeating Taniguchi on the January 9 show via knockout. On April 14, Taniguchi and Marufuji defeated Kenoh and Takashi Sugiura to become the new GHC Tag Team Champions. On May 4, Taniguchi and Marufuji defeated Atsushi Kotoge and Go Shiozaki in the finals to win the 2017 Global Tag League. On August 26, Taniguchi and Marufuji lost the GHC Tag Team Championship to Kotoge and Shiozaki. In 2019, he reverted to his old ring name "Shuhei Taniguchi" and formed a team with Kaito Kiyomiya.
Personal life.
Taniguchi married former professional wrestler Mika Nishio in 2012. In February 2016, Nishio announced she was pregnant with the couple's first child.

</doc>
<doc id="6921911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921911" title="Instrument time">
Instrument time



</doc>
<doc id="6921919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921919" title="Anna Dillon">
Anna Dillon



</doc>
<doc id="6921924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921924" title="Dragovo">
Dragovo

Dragovo (Cyrillic: Драгово) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6921926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921926" title="Lyekka">
Lyekka



</doc>
<doc id="6921931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921931" title="Jazán District">
Jazán District

Jazán is a district of Bongará Province, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921933" title="George Eyrich">
George Eyrich

George Lincoln Eyrich (March 3, 1925 – June 25, 2006) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1943. At 18 years of age, the , rookie was the fourth-youngest player to appear in a National League game that season.
Eyrich is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He served in the United States Navy aboard the SS "Elwood Haynes" during the Battle of Leyte Gulf and later aboard a transport ship.
He made his major league debut on June 13, 1943, in a road doubleheader against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds.
Eyrich appeared in a total of nine games, all in relief, with six games finished in 1943 for the Philadelphia Phillies. Even though he allowed 36 baserunners (27 hits and 9 walks) in just 18 innings pitched, he gave up only seven earned runs. His short career ended with a 0–0 record and a 3.38 ERA.
Eyrich was born and died in Reading, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6921936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921936" title="CV 33">
CV 33



</doc>
<doc id="6921937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921937" title="Jazán">
Jazán



</doc>
<doc id="6921941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921941" title="Family Style (Vaughan Brothers album)">
Family Style (Vaughan Brothers album)

Family Style is the only studio album featuring guitarists and vocalists Jimmie and Stevie Ray Vaughan. It was released on September 25, 1990. In his early years, Stevie often remarked that he would like to do an album with his elder brother. That wish turned out to be his last studio performance, released nearly a month after his death. The liner notes end with "Thanks Mama V. for letting us play."
The album received mixed reviews. Critics praised the songwriting of both brothers, and highlighted songs such as "D/FW", "Tick Tock", and "Telephone Song", while some criticized the lack of their own personal styles, and the songs straying too far from traditional blues. The album peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200 Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6921949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921949" title="Fiction (American magazine)">
Fiction (American magazine)

Fiction is an American literary magazine founded in 1972 by Mark Jay Mirsky, Donald Barthelme, and Max Frisch. It is published by the City College of New York.
In its early years, "Fiction" was published in tabloid format and featured experimental work by such writers as John Barth, Jerome Charyn, Italo Calvino, Ronald Sukenick, Steve Katz, Russell Banks, Samuel Beckett, and J. G. Ballard. It later took the form of a more traditional paperback literary magazine, publishing short works by Reinaldo Arenas, Isaac Babel, Donald Barthelme, Jackson Bliss, Mei Chin, Julio Cortázar, Marguerite Duras, Natalia Ginzburg, Clarice Lispector, Robie Macauley, Robert Musil, Joyce Carol Oates, Manuel Puig, and John Yau.
Though the magazine ostensibly focuses on publishing fiction, as its name implies, it has recently also featured excerpts from Robert Musil's diaries and letters, as well as various writings with an autobiographical slant.

</doc>
<doc id="6921950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921950" title="Fictional Actuaries">
Fictional Actuaries



</doc>
<doc id="6921956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921956" title="Portage Canal">
Portage Canal

The Portage Canal was built to connect the Fox River and Wisconsin River at Portage, Wisconsin along the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway. For a time, it completed a route from the north Atlantic Ocean, through the St. Lawrence Seaway and down the Mississippi River to the Gulf of Mexico, and back to the Atlantic.
History.
Numerous attempts were made to build the thin Wisconsin-Fox connection through the marshy land, beginning in 1837 with the formation of the Portage Canal Company. Digging and hauling by hand through two and a half miles of muddy terrain, the project was quickly abandoned. A second project, started in 1849, managed to cut a path usable by canoe, but not viable for commerce. The final project, complete with locks to raise the water level of the Fox to that of the Wisconsin's, was not completed until 1876 by the Army Corps of Engineers. Unfortunately, by then, the railroads were quick on their way, followed soon thereafter by the automobile.
The Portage Canal acquired a new steel gate and concrete lock in 1926 due to a rupture of the 1876 wooden gate and the quoin post of the west gate of the lock in April 1926. A local contractor, M.E. White Company of Chicago, was awarded the bid in August 1926. The firm completed the repairs of the lock and replaced the 1876 wooden gate under the supervision of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Milwaukee. The 1926 Portage Canal Lock was the first steel and concrete lock on the Fox River. The subcontractor for the steel gate was the Lakeside Bridge and Steel Company of Wisconsin. During the re-construction process, the Engineers were faced with containing underground springs beneath the lock, which caused considerable delays. The White Construction Co. repaired the fallen wall and dismantled the remaining wall of the lock, which were re-laid and constructed according to the original configurations of the 1876 construction. The White Construction Company used 9,000 barrels of Portland cement to build the locks. The canal lock and new gate were completed in May 1928.
The use of the canal as a major means of commerce lasted only a few decades, though pleasure craft, including steamboats, continued to ply the narrow waterway. In following years, the canal began to degrade through lack of upkeep. The canal was used until 1951 when the Fort Winnebago Lock was bulldozed in, and the Wisconsin River Locks were welded shut.
The canal has undergone a significant restoration project to clean up and restore the canal, revitalizing it as a community asset. Beginning in 2020 and continuing into 2021, the DNR, in collaboration with the City of Portage, removed 30,000 cubic yards of contaminated sediment from the canal, addressing the legacy contamination from years of heavy industrial use, primarily heavy metals. Additionally, 1.3 million gallons of contaminated water were treated, seven storm sewers were extended to maintain stormwater management, and 40,000 tons of material were placed to construct the base for the foundation of an Ice Age Trail addition.
Continued efforts are being made to restore the remainder of the canal to its original condition, and the Portage Canal Society is actively working to raise funds and make further improvements to the canal.

</doc>
<doc id="6921972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921972" title="Mullet Key">
Mullet Key

Mullet Key is a historic island near Crystal River, Florida. It is located 3 miles south of the main mouth of the Crystal River, and was inhabited by Native Americans in pre-Columbian times. The island was occupied from roughly 500 to 1500 and was inhabited by the Deptford and Safety Harbor cultures. Oyster shell middens have been found at the site. On July 3, 1986, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In popular culture.
Mullet Key is referenced in the movie "The Punisher".

</doc>
<doc id="6921977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921977" title="Recta District">
Recta District

Recta is a district of Bongará Province in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6921984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921984" title="Sean O'Driscoll">
Sean O'Driscoll

Sean Michael O'Driscoll (born 1 July 1957) is a former professional footballer and manager. He has previously managed AFC Bournemouth, Doncaster Rovers, Crawley Town, Nottingham Forest, Bristol City and Walsall. He was known by the nickname "Noisy" in his playing days at Fulham. He represented the Republic of Ireland as a player.
Playing career.
As a player, O'Driscoll was a midfielder for Fulham (1979–84) and AFC Bournemouth (1984–95). He also won three caps for the Republic of Ireland. He played as Bournemouth won the inaugural Associate Members' Cup by beating Hull City in the final. When he retired in 1995, he had played a club-record 423 league games for Bournemouth (his record has since been broken by Neil Young and Steve Fletcher), and subsequently joined the club's coaching staff.
Management career.
AFC Bournemouth.
In August 2000, he was appointed manager at Bournemouth, and despite limited financial resources, achieved good results, including promotion via the Third Division play-offs in the 2002–03 season.
Doncaster Rovers.
O'Driscoll left Bournemouth in September 2006 to become manager of Doncaster Rovers during the season the club moved from Belle Vue to Keepmoat. Notable events early in his career with Doncaster include a 4–0 victory away at Brentford, winning the manager of the month award for January 2007, and also overseeing Rovers' 3–2 success over Bristol Rovers in the Football League Trophy final in 2007. This success meant that O'Driscoll had achieved the rare feat of managing two different teams to victory at the Millennium Stadium.
In O'Driscoll's first full season in charge, 2007–08, he steered Doncaster to promotion into the Championship after a 1–0 victory over Leeds United in the League One play-off final at Wembley Stadium. The following season, 2008–09, saw his side meet his demands of avoiding relegation when they finished 14th in the table.
For the following season and a half, O'Driscoll turned Doncaster into a comfortable mid-table team on one of the tightest budgets in the Championship. However, a plethora of injuries in the second half of the 2010–11 season (which at one point even saw the club request to postpone a match with Norwich City because they were struggling to field a first team) saw Doncaster go on a dreadful run of form winning just one of their final 19 matches of the season, though they still survived due to their good form over the first half of the season.
O'Driscoll could not inspire a revival during the start of the following season and on 23 September 2011, with Doncaster taking just a single point from their first seven games, it was confirmed that O'Driscoll, along with his assistant Richard O'Kelly, had been relieved of their duties by Doncaster Rovers.
He became a coach at Nottingham Forest under Steve Cotterill in the 2011-2012 Championship season. He left the club to join Crawley as manager in the summer of 2012.
Crawley Town.
O'Driscoll was appointed Crawley Town manager in May 2012. In July 2012, he left the club without managing a competitive game to take over at Nottingham Forest.
Nottingham Forest.
On 19 July 2012 O'Driscoll was appointed as manager of Nottingham Forest by the club's owners, the Al Hasawi family. By 31 August 2012 he had signed eleven new players, including fan favourite Adlène Guedioura. He also linked up once again with former Doncaster players Simon Gillett, James Coppinger and Billy Sharp.
After five months in charge of the club, O'Driscoll was sacked on 26 December 2012 despite a 4–2 victory over Leeds United. This was the second time he had left Nottingham Forest in 2012, having previously been a coach during the 2011–2012 season. Forest owner Fawaz Al-Hasawi had received advice from the Hull City board that a manager with Premier League experience was needed to secure promotion, which lead Al-Hasawi to make the decision. He originally planned to sack O'Driscoll on Christmas Day, but Forest Chief Executive Mark Arthur refused to follow the order until the following day.
Bristol City.
O'Driscoll was announced as Bristol City manager on a twelve-month rolling contract on 14 January 2013. The club were bottom of the Championship at the time of his appointment. O'Driscoll's first match in charge of Bristol City came on 19 January 2013 with a 1–0 defeat against Leeds United at Elland Road. He earned his first win as Bristol City manager on 26 January with a 2–1 victory against Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate. This sparked an initial upturn in City's fortunes, with five wins and two draws from their next ten games taking them on the verge of climbing out of the relegation zone. However, seven defeats from their last nine games saw City relegated to League One with three games remaining and ultimately finishing bottom of the table.
O'Driscoll left Bristol City on 28 November 2013.
England U19s.
On 3 September 2014 the FA announced that O'Driscoll would replace the outgoing Noel Blake in the post of England U19 manager.
On 6 July 2015 it was confirmed that O'Driscoll had left the position in order to take over as assistant manager at Liverpool
Liverpool (assistant).
On 6 July 2015 it was announced by Liverpool that O'Driscoll had been appointed assistant manager, replacing Colin Pascoe for the 2015–16 Premier League season.
He left the position in October 2015 after the sacking of Brendan Rodgers.
Walsall.
On 18 December 2015, O'Driscoll was announced as head coach of Walsall. O'Driscoll's first match in charge of Walsall ended in a 2–0 victory over Port Vale. On 6 March 2016, O'Driscoll was sacked by Walsall.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
On 10 July 2017, O'Driscoll was announced as a professional phase coach in Wolves Academy.
Portsmouth.
On 22 March 2019, O'Driscoll was appointed as head of coaching and learning for Portsmouth's academy. O'Driscoll formally resigned from this role on 29 September 2021.
Weymouth.
On 14 December 2021, O'Driscoll joined the backroom team at National League side Weymouth on a non-contract basis.
Honours.
AFC Bournemouth
Doncaster Rovers
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6921986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921986" title="Recta">
Recta



</doc>
<doc id="6921990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921990" title="Sinodefence">
Sinodefence



</doc>
<doc id="6921991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921991" title="Airsoftsplat">
Airsoftsplat



</doc>
<doc id="6921992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6921992" title="Palimpest">
Palimpest



</doc>
<doc id="6922003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922003" title="Jeffrey Dinowitz">
Jeffrey Dinowitz

Jeffrey Dinowitz (born December 3, 1954) is an American politician who represents District 81 in the New York State Assembly, which comprises Kingsbridge, Marble Hill, Norwood, Riverdale, Van Cortlandt Village, Wakefield, and Woodlawn Heights. Dinowitz has served in the New York State Assembly since 1994.
Early life, education, and family.
Dinowitz was born and raised in the Bronx. He grew up in Soundview before moving to Kingsbridge Heights at age 10. He is a graduate of the Bronx High School of Science, Lehman College of the City University of New York, and Brooklyn Law School.
Dinowitz first entered politics as a volunteer on the George McGovern 1972 presidential campaign. He was also involved in community issues such as tenant advocacy and volunteering on the board of Bronx Council for Environmental Quality during the 1970s.
Prior to entering the Assembly, Dinowitz served for a decade as an administrative law judge for New York.
He and his wife Sylvia Gottlieb have been married since 1978 and now live in the Riverdale section of the Bronx after previously living together in Kingsbridge and Kingsbridge Heights. They have two children: Kara and Eric, and four grandchildren.
Career.
New York State Assembly.
Dinowitz was first elected in a special election held in 1994 to replace G. Oliver Koppell. Dinowitz is currently serving as chair of the New York State Assembly Committee on Codes, as well as the Bronx Delegation. He is also a member of Committees on Ways and Means, Rules, Health, Election Law, and is a member of the Puerto Rican/Hispanic Task Force.
Previously, Dinowitz served as Chair of the Assembly Committee on Judiciary from 2018 to 2020. In 2017, Dinowitz served as Chair of the Assembly Committee on Corporations, Authorities, and Commissions, which has oversight of the MTA and public utilities, among other entities. Before that, Dinowitz served as Chair of the Committees on Consumer Affairs and Protection, Aging, and Alcoholism and Drug Abuse.
Major policy achievements.
Dinowitz has passed hundreds of bills over the course of his tenure in the New York State Assembly. In 2020, Dinowitz was able to pass legislation to protect tenants and homeowners including the Tenant Safe Harbor Act as well as the Emergency Eviction &amp; Foreclosure Prevention Act. Also in 2020, Dinowitz passed legislation to expedite court-ordered apartment repairs in honor of a child (Jashawn Parker) who was tragically killed in a fire while the apartment's landlord was fighting tenants in court to avoid making repairs. Also in 2020, Dinowitz passed legislation to allow absentee voting through 2021 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2019, Dinowitz passed a personal record 28 bills through both the Assembly and State Senate. One of these bills, which eliminated all non-medical exemptions to school vaccine requirements attracted worldwide attention and praise from the medical community.
Dinowitz has also passed legislation in 2016 to enter New York State into the National Popular Vote compact, and to enact protections against human trafficking.
Rainbow Rebellion.
Dinowitz was a key figure in the 2008 so-called "Rainbow Rebellion" which united several factions of the Bronx Democratic Party in order to overthrow the party chair, who had been accused of nepotism and patronage in his time as county leader. Dinowitz joined with then-Assemblyman Ruben Diaz Jr., Assemblyman Carl Heastie, Assemblyman Michael Benedetto, then-Assemblywoman Aurelia Greene, and others to overthrow former county leader Jose Rivera.
Other political roles.
Dinowitz previously served as Democratic District Leader from 1986 to 1994, originally beating the preferred candidate of the Bronx Democratic Party machine at the time. He has also served as a Democratic State Committeeman (1978), and as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention on multiple occasions. Dinowitz was first elected as a DNC delegate in 1980 as one of the youngest delegates, and was originally committed to the slate for former U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy who was challenging Jimmy Carter (the preferred candidate of the Bronx political machine at the time). He has also served as President of the Benjamin Franklin Reform Democratic Club three times in the past and remains an active member of the club to this day.
Dinowitz is a former Chair of the Bronx Democratic County Committee and is the current Secretary of the Bronx Democratic Party.
Dinowitz was a vociferous of opponent of the Croton Water Filtration Plant, due to the required alienation of 23 acres in Van Cortlandt Park and the expenditure of $3.2 billion, a project spearheaded by former NYC Department of Environmental Protection Commissioner Christopher O. Ward.

</doc>
<doc id="6922004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922004" title="Dede Demet">
Dede Demet



</doc>
<doc id="6922006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922006" title="NYC Live">
NYC Live



</doc>
<doc id="6922007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922007" title="Bonelli">
Bonelli

Bonelli is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6922009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922009" title="Dede Demet Barry">
Dede Demet Barry



</doc>
<doc id="6922010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922010" title="Ispahani Public School &amp; College">
Ispahani Public School &amp; College

Ispahani Public School &amp; College, Chattogram commonly referred to as IPSC is a private educational institution on Zakir Hossain Road in Chittagong, Bangladesh. This college is one of the top most reputed colleges of Chittagong. The institution offers primary, secondary and higher secondary education facilities under the Chittagong Education Board. Founded by Mirza Ahmad Ispahani in 1979 and currently leading by Mirza Salman Ispahani. This institution is widely known for its excellent results in J.S.C, S.S.C and H.S.C exams and its discipline. Muntasirul Islam was the founding principal and rector of the Ispahani Public School (1979-1985).
History.
The school started in 1981 with a three storied building having students of KG-1 to class Eight. By this time the school had grown with many multistoried buildings, Science laboratory, Library, Sports room and extended its level up to Higher Secondary. In 1989 the school achieved the status of a full pleasant Public School and starts offering primary secondary and Higher Secondary education facilities under the Chittagong Education Board from the academic year of 1989–90. The student first appeared in S.S.C exam in 1985 and H.S.C exam in 1991. Now the institution is widely known for its excellent result in S.S.C. and H.S.C. exam and its excellent discipline
School.
From 2016, the institution decided to set class-3 as the entry level. IPSC authorities also started English version(NC).
 From 2017, IPSC started Day shift to meet up the demand of students to enroll in this renowned institution.
College.
Every year IPSC takes around 800 students in science, business studies and humanities.

</doc>
<doc id="6922016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922016" title="Michael Davies (judge)">
Michael Davies (judge)

Sir Alfred William Michael Davies (29 July 1921 – 5 September 2006) was a British barrister who served as a High Court Judge from 1973 to 1991. He was one of the first judges appointed specifically to hear defamation cases, one of the few areas of civil law in England in which a jury remains the tribunal of fact, and was in charge of managing the list of libel cases from 1988 to 1991. 
In retirement, he conducted a visitor's inquiry into allegations of poor academic standards at University College, Swansea in 1992 to 1993, and was instrumental in the foundation of the Expert Witness Institute in 1996.
Early and private life.
Davies was born in Stourbridge and educated at King Edward VI College, Stourbridge. He read law at Birmingham University.
Legal career.
Davies was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1948, where he became a bencher in 1972 and was Treasurer in 1991. He practised on the Midland Circuit, and became a QC in 1964. 
He led the prosecution of Buster Edwards in 1966 for his part in the Great Train Robbery three years earlier, and of William Waite, the "gentle poisoner" who had killed his wife. 
He was the Leader of the Midland Circuit and a member of the Bar Council from 1968 to 1971, and then Joint Leader of the Midland and Oxford Circuit from 1971 to 1973.
Judicial career.
Davies had extensive experience as a judge in lower courts before he was appointed to the High Court. He was deputy chairman of Northamptonshire Quarter Sessions from 1962 to 1971; Recorder of Grantham from 1963 to 1965 and of Derby from 1965 to 1971; Chancellor of the Diocese of Derby from 1971 to 1973; a Commissioner of Assize in Birmingham in 1970; and a Crown Court judge from 1972 to 1973.
Davies became a judge of the High Court in 1973, receiving the customary knighthood. He was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. As the senior judge, he became Keeper of the Juries List in 1988, taking charge of the limited number of English civil cases — principally defamation cases — in which a judge continues to sit as arbiter of the law, with a jury as tribunal of fact. As a result, he sat on many high-profile cases, many of which were won by plaintiffs who were awarded ever large sums in damages. He was very active in managing the number and turnover of cases on the list, cutting the number of cases on the list from around 240 in 1988, when he was appointed, to only 50 cases two years later. The time before a case came to trial was also reduced from three years to only one. 
Davies was the judge in the case brought by Koo Stark in 1988, against newspapers that had claimed she had an adulterous affair with The Duke of York. He was also the judge in a successful libel case brought in 1990 by Sonia Sutcliffe, wife of the Yorkshire Ripper, against "Private Eye", which alleged that she had sold her life story to the "Daily Mail". She was initially awarded then-record damages of £600,000 (reduced to £60,000 on appeal). Ian Hislop, editor of "Private Eye", said on the steps of the court after losing the case: "If that's justice, then I'm a banana."
In 1990, he also presided over the libel case brought by Lord Aldington against Count Nikolai Tolstoy, in relation to allegations of bad faith in returning Cossacks to Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union and suspected Slovene Home Guard/Croatian Ustaše to Marshal Tito's Yugoslavia in 1945 at the end of the Second World War, which set a new record for libel damages of £1.5 million. He also sat on the libel case brought by Andrew Neil against Peregrine Worsthorne, in relation to a leading article in "The Sunday Telegraph" implying that Neil knew Pamela Bordes was a call-girl before their affair in 1988, and in other cases involving celebrities such as Elton John, Tessa Sanderson, Linford Christie, Viscount Linley, Ranulph Fiennes and Neil Kinnock.
Retirement.
He retired in 1991, when he was Treasurer of Lincoln's Inn. He conducted a visitor's inquiry in 1992 to 1993 into the "Great Battle" at University College, Swansea, over allegations of poor academic standards in its MA in philosophy and health care.
He was founding chairman of the Expert Witness Institute in 1996, and enjoyed reading, golf, theatre and opera, particularly the Welsh National Opera, and black and white films.

</doc>
<doc id="6922017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922017" title="List of radio stations in Belgium">
List of radio stations in Belgium

The following is a list of radio stations in Belgium.
Public broadcasters.
Belgium has three public broadcasters, one for each national language.
List of FM radio services by community.
The following is a list of FM radio stations broadcasting in Belgium. There is also DAB+ coverage in many parts of Belgium, with most of the DAB+ stations being available on FM as well.
Other languages.
Armenian language.
Belgahay Radio () Brussels and surroundings: DAB+ digital radio and online (70% Armenian and 30% French). Also available via mobile application (iOS &amp; Android), live stream on website, and full video episodes on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="6922018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922018" title="San Carlos District, Bongará">
San Carlos District, Bongará

San Carlos is a district of Bongará Province, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6922020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922020" title="Fokker D VII">
Fokker D VII



</doc>
<doc id="6922022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922022" title="Dede demet">
Dede demet



</doc>
<doc id="6922025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922025" title="Dig Allen Space Explorer">
Dig Allen Space Explorer

Dig Allen Space Explorer is a series of six science-fiction novels (1959–1962) by American author Joseph Greene. Much like Greene's earlier creation, "Tom Corbett, Space Cadet", the series chronicles the adventures of a group of intrepid adolescent boys, led by boy hero Digby "Dig" Allen. The setting centers on the asteroid Eros, which is discovered to be an immense alien spacecraft. In every installment, the boys embark upon interplanetary voyages around the Solar System that are set against nefarious schemes from a variety of adversaries.
The "Dig Allen Space Explorer" series consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="6922027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922027" title="Dede demet barry">
Dede demet barry



</doc>
<doc id="6922035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922035" title="Air Transat Holidays">
Air Transat Holidays



</doc>
<doc id="6922042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922042" title="Danny Dalla-Longa">
Danny Dalla-Longa

Danny Dalla-Longa (born November 6, 1953) is a politician and businessman from Alberta, Canada.
Dalla-Longa was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta as a Liberal member for Calgary-West in 1993. This was seen as a major upset as Calgary West was the former stronghold of Premier Peter Lougheed. Dalla-Longa served for one term in the assembly and did not run again.
Dalla-Longa is an officer of a company in Calgary called i3 Capital Partners Inc., a merchant bank focused on the energy and technology industries.

</doc>
<doc id="6922055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922055" title="Mary Kiani">
Mary Kiani

Mary Kiani, usually spelled Märy Kiani on her records, is a Scottish singer who first had hit songs as vocalist for dance music act The Time Frequency (TTF) in the early 1990s and later a solo career. Before TTF, Kiani was a session musician and has toured with Donny Osmond and performed vocals on "The Simpsons" "Yellow Album". Kiani was born in Glasgow to Pakistani parents originally from Rawalpindi.
The Time Frequency.
"Real Love", featuring Kiani, the group's only top 10 hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaked at No. 8 in November 1993. Other charting singles with Kiani were "New Emotion" No. 36, and "The Ultimate High" / "Power Zone" No. 17. Hit singles for the group without Kiani were "Such a Phantasy" No. 25 and "Dreamscape '94" No. 32.
Solo career.
After leaving the Time Frequency, Kiani signed a solo recording contract with Mercury Records. She topped numerous club charts and her early singles all made the UK chart. "When I Call Your Name" made No. 18, the double A-side release "I Give It All To You" / "I Imagine" peaked at No. 35, and was followed into the charts by the cover of "Let the Music Play" which reached No. 19. Her fourth release "100%", her last single to be remixed by Motiv8 was another hit at No. 23, and "With or Without You" (a U2 cover) peaked at No. 46. All the singles were taken off her album "Long Hard Funky Dreams", which was commercially less successful.

</doc>
<doc id="6922057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922057" title="John Yau">
John Yau

John Yau (born June 5, 1950) is an American poet and critic who lives in New York City. He received his B.A. from Bard College in 1972 and his M.F.A. from Brooklyn College in 1978. He has published over 50 books of poetry, artists' books, fiction, and art criticism.
Life and career.
According to Matthew Rohrer's profile on Yau from "Poets &amp; Writers Magazine", Yau's parents settled in Boston after emigrating from China in 1949. His father was a bookkeeper. Yau was born in Lynn, Massachusetts and, as a child, was friends with the son of the Chinese-born abstract painter John Way. By the late 1960s Yau was exposed to, "a lot of anti-war poetry readings in Boston [and] so I'd heard Robert Bly, Denise Levertov, Galway Kinnell, people like that. I don't know – Robert Kelly (poet) just seemed a different kind of poet. Mysterious, in a way. He was interested in the occult, in gnosticism and abstract art – things that had a particular appeal to me." According to Rohrer, Yau's decision to attend Bard College was motivated by his admiration of Kelly.
Yau's most recent books are "Please Wait by the Coatroom: Reconsidering Race and Identity in American Art" (Black Sparrow Press, 2023), "Egyptian Sonnets" (Rain Taxi, 2012), "Exhibits" (Letter Machine Editions, 2010), "A Thing Among Things: The Art of Jasper Johns" (Distributed Art Publishers, 2009), and "The Passionate Spectator: Essays on Art and Poetry" (University of Michigan Press, 2006). His collections of poetry include "Paradiso Diaspora" (Penguin, 2006), "Ing Grish", with Paintings by Thomas Nozkowski (Saturnalia, 2005),"Borrowed Love Poems" (Penguin, 2002), "Forbidden Entries" (Black Sparrow, 1996), "Berlin Diptychon" with Photographs by Bill Barrette (Timken, 1995), "Edificio Sayonara" (Black Sparrow, 1992),"Corpse and Mirror" (Holt &amp; Rinehardt, 1983), a National Poetry Series book selected by John Ashbery, and "Broken Off by The Music" (Burning Deck, 1981). Artists' books include projects with Squeak Carnwath, Richard Tuttle, Norbert Prangenberg, Hanns Schimannsky, Archie Rand, Norman Bluhm, Pat Steir, Suzanne McClelland, Robert Therrien, Leiko Ikemura, and Jürgen Partenheimer (a.o.), his books of art criticism include "The United States of Jasper Johns" (1996) and "In the Realm of Appearances: The Art of Andy Warhol" (1993). He has also edited "Fetish "(1998), a fiction anthology.
Yau was the Arts editor of "The Brooklyn Rail", from 2007 to 2011, but left to edit an online magazine, Hyperallergic Weekend. He also runs a small press, Black Square Editions, which publishes translations, poetry, and fiction. Yau currently teaches art history and criticism at Mason Gross School of the Arts, Rutgers University.
In 2021, Yau curated "Three Unseen Professors", which gathered the works of three Asian-American sculptors at Tim Kim Gallery in New York, all of whom taught in the city's most prestigious institutions, yet remained mostly unacknowledged. The exhibition brought together sculptures by Leo Amino, Minoru Niizuma, and John Pai, all of whom worked within their own tradition, while very much belonging to the American tradition. 'They were between two cultures or in one that collapsed together different beliefs. That's what I am trying to call attention to.' Yau tells "Ocula Magazine" in a 2021 interview.
Awards.
Yau has received awards and grants from Creative Capital/Warhol Foundation, the Academy of American Poets (Lavan Award), The American Poetry Review (Jerome Shestack Award), the Ingram Merrill Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, the New York Foundation for the Arts, the General Electric Foundation, the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, and the Foundation for Contemporary Arts Grants to Artists award (2002). In 2018, Yau was named a recipient of the Jackson Poetry Prize. In 2024, Yau's essay collection "Please Wait by the Coatroom" won the American Book Award from the Before Columbus Foundation.
Family History.
John Yau is descendant of the Zhang family of Nanxun, China, as described in Nelson and Laurence Chang's book "The Zhangs of Nanxun" (2010). Yau's maternal grandfather, the scholar Zhang Naiyan (1894–1958) had a PhD in Chemistry from the University of Geneva. In 1927, at the age of 33, he became the first President of the University at Nanjing, and in 1933 was appointed China's Ambassador to Belgium. As indicated on the family tree in the Chang and Chang book, Zhang Naiyan's father the educator Zhang Bianqun (1875–1922) was the elder brother of Zhang Jing Jiang (Zhang Renjie) (1877–1950), who are in the East Branch of the family. The South Branch of the Zhang family includes Zhang Shiming (1871–1928), the art scholar Zhang Congyu (1914–1963), and writer Nelson Chang (1923–) and his son Laurence Chang (1965–).

</doc>
<doc id="6922071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922071" title="Divine Predecessor">
Divine Predecessor



</doc>
<doc id="6922072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922072" title="Crystal River Old City Hall">
Crystal River Old City Hall

The Crystal River Old City Hall is a historic building in Crystal River, Florida, in the United States. It is located at 532 North Citrus Avenue, off U.S. 19/98. On May 29, 1998, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The building now houses the Coastal Heritage Museum, operated by the Citrus County Historical Society. Exhibits focus on the early history of the west side of Citrus County, Florida and include a 1929 diorama of downtown Citrus Avenue, a fish house facade, and an original jail cell. Admission is free.

</doc>
<doc id="6922073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922073" title="Aquata">
Aquata



</doc>
<doc id="6922077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922077" title="Sangone">
Sangone

Sāngone (Samoan: , 'tribe', Fijian: , 'child'), was the name of a turtle from divine origin and featuring in Tongan myths about the Tui Tonga king named Tuitātui in the beginning of the 12th century AD. Part of the history features prominently in a famous lakalaka written by queen Sālote somewhere around 1940, when the shell, claimed to be the original one from Sāngone herself, was transferred to the Tupou College museum.
Preamble.
Version 1.
The beautiful goddess Hinahengi from Pulotu came to Mokotuu, a tract near Longoteme on Tongatapu, to wash her hair with the clay and then to dry it. She fell asleep. Then a Samoan named Lekapai came along, saw her, and tied her hair to the trees. He woke her up, but she could not get up because her head was immovable in the bonds. Hina begged to be liberated, and Lekapai agreed if she would become his wife. They were married and lived together for a very long time.
Version 2.
One day a great storm destroyed the plantation of Lekapai in Samoa. Lekapai swore revenge on the god of the winds and set out in his canoe. He arrived at an island, but there was no opening in the reef. The boat was turned over, but Lekapai made it alive to the shore. He went inland and came at a house where a beautiful girl was standing. She turned out to be the daughter of the wind god, who was sleeping at that moment. When the god slept it was calm; when he awoke there were storms. The girl told Lekapai to tiptoe to her sleeping father, to take a lock of his hair and to tie it to a big tree, then another lock to another tree, and so on. Next, the god was woken up and found himself powerless. Soon he and Lekapai came to an agreement. He would live here and marry the damsel, and the god himself would retire to some other premises in the bush. Lekapai and the girl lived together for a very long time.
Death of Sāngone.
Lekapai desired to visit his family in Samoa. His wife acquiesced and said that he could travel on the back of her mother, who happened to be a turtle with the name Sāngone. She gave him instructions on what to do and not to do.
Some say that Lekapai had a bunch of coconuts with him on his trip. Contrary to his wife's instructions, he broke one open on Sāngone's head and not on her shield. Others say that once he had arrived in Samoa, he directly went to see his relatives, leaving Sangone behind in shallow water, disobeying orders to leave her behind in deep water. Not only that, he also did not provide Sāngone first with fresh coconuts in a coconut leaf mat as he had promised. Next, either he, his family, or both, dragged Sangone out of the sea, killed her, cut her in pieces and ate her. Only the plates of her shield were wrapped in a fine mat and buried beneath a candlenut tree at Tuasivivalu, or a candlenut was thrown into the hole so that a tree would grow at that place. Loau Tuputoka (one of the many Loau in history), who was present, said to a young lad: "Lāfai, you will grow slowly ("pana"), and the day Sāngone is found, you will die." Since that time, the other was known as Lāfaipana ('Lāfai the dwarf').
Meanwhile, Lekapai had gone to sleep, and when he woke up, he found himself magically transported back into the house of the wind god. His divine wife knew everything, and angrily slew him.
This part of the story has many parallels with the story of Kae who misused Sinilau's whale in the same way.
Quest of Fasiapule.
Once upon a time Loau went to Tonga and reported the happenings to king Tuitātui, who expressed the wish to have these relics. According to other versions: Sāngone had been his pet turtle, but it had been stolen behind his back by the Samoans. He sent several envoys to get the shell. They all failed. Finally he entrusted the mission to his half-brother Fasiapule (in some versions he went himself). When the party arrived at Savaii, Fasiapule spoke thus: "No one will do the apportioning (the giving around of the kava at a royal kava ceremony), except me." And when the first toast was given he said: "Fainting alone in the bush, leaf screeching and whistling." The Samoan hosts had no idea what he was talking about, and quickly sought consult with the ancient and decrepit dwarf Lāfaipana who lived in the bush. The latter told them that a wild "hopa" (plantain) standing lonely in the bush was meant, as ripe bananas bend down from the stalk, and that taro leaves picked by pulling them from the stem give a screeching sound. When the Samoans after that brought the Tonga party plantain bananas wrapped in taro leaves and cooked in the umu, Fasiapule knew that the riddle was solved. Then he brought out a new toast with this statement: "Growling and lying down." Lāfaipana said it was a pig, a pig so huge that it could not stand on it legs but lay down and grunted for food all day. So a pig was dressed for the oven and served. Fasiapule took the feet, the back and the head for him, and gave the rest to his hosts.
In other versions, however, it was rather Lāfaipana who asked the riddles, and Fasiapule who had to answer them. The dwarf was extremely unwilling to reveal the burial place of Sāngone, because of the prophecy done to him. He only agreed to tell it to someone who would be clever enough to meet his wits. "Singing winds?", he asked. "A wild fowl flying low over the bush when startled", was the answer. "What gives dust when you clap your (cupped) hands?" Lāfaipana wanted to know. It was a bundle of dried kava roots which emits a cloud of dust when disturbed. When also Fasiapule showed that he knew how to apportion the kava at the congregation, Lāfaipana admitted defeat.
Queen Sālote summarised the riddles in the following stanza from her famous lakalaka "Sāngone" as follows:
Obtaining the shell.
Before he let the Tongans start digging under the then-dead candlenut tree, Lāfaipana had a personal request to make: he would like to have a branch for his dove to perch on. Fasiapule agreed, went to Niua, cut a toa tree and came back. "What is that?", Lāfaipana asked. "The perch for your dove", was the answer. "You fool, to cut a piece of wood for me to sleep with. I thought that if you can make riddles for me to solve, then you should solve mine. That dove is a woman for me."
But now Fasiapule proceeded to dig up the shell, and as soon as it became visible, Lāfaipana shrivelled up and died.
The shell of Sāngone was brought to Tonga and was kept as a precious heirloom by successive generations of Tui Tonga. Until Laufilitonga, after becoming a Christian, sold it to a vessel, which sold it in Fiji. When king Maeakafa heard about it, he went to Fiji, searched for it and found some of the shell and brought it back to Tonga where it still is (see above). It is also said that the remainder was used to make a fishhook in possession of Tungī Mailefihi.

</doc>
<doc id="6922078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922078" title="Hakan Sürsal">
Hakan Sürsal

Hakan Sürsal (born 12 July 1963 in Ankara) is a Turkish poet.
Biography.
Turkish writer of short stories, novels, essays, and poetry. Hakan Sürsal graduated from the Geology Department of Istanbul University in Istanbul. Politics, history, and philosophy are the main sources of Sürsal's books.
Hakan Sürsal, his own fiction in the language of the new breath of contemporary Turkish literature.

</doc>
<doc id="6922083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922083" title="Umbria Jazz">
Umbria Jazz



</doc>
<doc id="6922084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922084" title="Gilles Guérin">
Gilles Guérin

Gilles Guérin (; 1611–1678) was a French sculptor, who created tomb sculptures and decorative sculptures for interiors, which were executed in a Baroque idiom. He was born and died in Paris. He was a pupil of the sculptor Nicolas Le Brun, the father of the painter Charles Le Brun.

</doc>
<doc id="6922085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922085" title="The Spot (comics)">
The Spot (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6922090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922090" title="Superbeast">
Superbeast

"Superbeast" is a song by Rob Zombie, released as the third single from his solo debut, "Hellbilly Deluxe". The song was co-written by Charlie Clouser, formerly of Nine Inch Nails. It also appears on Rob Zombie's "Past, Present &amp; Future", the greatest hits album "The Best of Rob Zombie", and two remixes are contained on "American Made Music to Strip By".
The song was covered by Transient for "The Electro-Industrial Tribute to Rob Zombie" in 2002 and was covered again in 2011 by Suicide Silence for the digital edition of "The Black Crown".
Music video.
The music video shows a woman, Sheri Moon (Rob's wife), dressed in leather and riding on a motorcycle, fighting a robot and a ninja with katanas while bright lights rapidly flash on screen. There are also a few clips added of Zombie and his band.
Other media.
The track appeared in the horror film "Valentine" in 2001 and the action/horror film "End of Days" in 1999. The song was played in the background of the trailer of "Godzilla 2000: Millennium". The "Girl on a Motorcycle" remix of the song was frequently used in commercials for ECW T-shirts and future events. The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2000. On January 4, 2008, the song "Superbeast" was used to introduce the "Abyss vs. Manabu Nakanishi" match at Wrestle Kingdom II in Tokyo, Japan.
The studio version of the song appears on the 1998 vehicular combat game "Twisted Metal III". An exclusive remix version appears on the 1999 sequel "Twisted Metal 4", while the intro to the "Girl on a Motorcycle" remix appears on the ending of Mr. Zombie's campaign. In 2000, the song appeared in the North American PlayStation One version from the survival horror game Nightmare Creatures II. In 2009, the song also appeared in the action-adventure game "Brütal Legend" and was available for download as a playable track in the rhythm game "Rock Band".

</doc>
<doc id="6922092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922092" title="Hakan Sursal">
Hakan Sursal



</doc>
<doc id="6922101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922101" title="Rabelera">
Rabelera

Rabelera holostea, known as greater stitchwort, greater starwort, and addersmeat, is a perennial herbaceous flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae. It was formerly placed in the genus "Stellaria", as Stellaria holostea, but was transferred to the genus Rabelera in 2019 based on phylogenetic analyses. It is the only species in the genus "Rabelera". Greater stitchwort is native to Western and Central Europe, including the British Isles.
Greater stichwort can be found in woodlands, edges, and open fields and is sometimes grown in gardens.
Description.
Greater stitchwort can grow up to in height, with roughly 4-angled stems. The long, narrow (lanceolate) leaves are greyish green, hairless, sessile, opposite, and decussate (the successive pairs borne at right angles to each other).
The flowers are white, across, with five petals split to about halfway the length of the petal. The sepals are much shorter than the petals.
Taxonomy.
Etymology.
The specific epithet holostea comes from the Greek "holosteon", meaning 'entire bone'; a reference to the brittleness of the weak stems of this plant.
Common names.
The common name stitchwort is a reference to a herbal remedy in which this plant is used allegedly to cure side stitch, which afflicts many people when they try to run without stretching first. Other common names for "Rabelera holostea" include: daddy's-shirt-buttons, poor-man's buttonhole, brassy buttons, wedding cakes, star-of-Bethlehem, and snapdragon. Many of these names are in reference to the stems, which easily break.

</doc>
<doc id="6922107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922107" title="Addersmeat">
Addersmeat



</doc>
<doc id="6922108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922108" title="Caribou Mountains Wildland Provincial Park">
Caribou Mountains Wildland Provincial Park

Caribou Mountains Wildland Park is a large wilderness area in northern Alberta, Canada. It is located in the Caribou Mountains, immediately west of Wood Buffalo National Park in a remote backcountry area. The closest communities in Alberta are Fort Vermilion and Garden River.
It was established by the Alberta Government in 2001 under the "Special Places program" by Order in Council 308/2001. At , it is the largest provincial protected area in Alberta. (The nearby Wood Buffalo National Park is managed by the federal government.)
Conservation.
The park protects fragile wetland that offers nesting grounds for a variety of bird species and core habitat of the threatened woodland caribou herd. A small number of wood buffalo is also present in the south-eastern part of the park. The Caribou Mountains reach an elevation of 1,030 m, almost 700 m higher than the surrounding area, and have a unique environment.
The park is located in the hydrographic basin of the Great Slave Lake and that of the Peace River. Yates River, Whitesand River, Buffalo River, Wentzel River, Wentzel Lake and Margaret Lake are found in the park area.
Fauna.
The Caribou Mountains is home to many arctic birds that breed nowhere else in Alberta including red-throated loon, red-necked phalarope, grey-cheeked thrush, American tree sparrow, and red-breasted merganser. 

</doc>
<doc id="6922110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922110" title="Greater Stitchwort">
Greater Stitchwort



</doc>
<doc id="6922120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922120" title="Bertie Stevens">
Bertie Stevens

Bertie Grosvenor Stevens (9 April 1886 – 9 March 1943) was an English first-class cricketer who played 19 matches, all but one for Worcestershire before the First World War.
He was born in Ixworth, Suffolk; he died in Tipton, Staffordshire a month short of his 57th birthday.
Career.
Stevens made a quiet debut against Lancashire in the 1905 County Championship, scoring 4 in his only innings and sending down two undistinguished overs of leg-spin for the cost of 18 runs; this was the only bowling spell of his career. He also took a single catch. It was to be seven years before he played first-class cricket again.
In the three seasons from 1912 to 1914 he appeared 17 times for Worcestershire. 1912 saw a poor return from Stevens, but the next summer he scored 145 runs in eight innings at 20.71, making 35 and 32 against Hampshire. In the 1914 season he played eight matches, his most in a single summer, and hit his highest first-class score of 41 against Leicestershire in July.
After 1914 cricket was suspended because of the war, and afterwards Stevens made only one more appearance, for HK Foster's XI "against" Worcestershire in August 1919. His swansong was not a successful one: he was dismissed for 1 and 14.

</doc>
<doc id="6922123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922123" title="Old Hernando Elementary School">
Old Hernando Elementary School

The Old Hernando Elementary School (also known as the Lakeview School) is a historic site in Hernando, Florida, United States. It is located at 2435 North Florida Avenue. On May 4, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6922126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922126" title="Shipasbamba District">
Shipasbamba District

Shipasbamba is a district in Bongará Province, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6922134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922134" title="Shipasbamba">
Shipasbamba



</doc>
<doc id="6922139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922139" title="Robert J. Hamilton">
Robert J. Hamilton

Robert J. Hamilton is a Canadian politician and former mayor of Barrie, Ontario.
Political career.
Hamilton was elected in November 2003, defeating incumbent Jim Perri. Prior to entering municipal politics, he ran for the House of Commons of Canada as a candidate of the Canadian Alliance in the 2000 federal election.
Hamilton's focus as mayor was economic development, with a specific objective of attracting higher paying jobs to the city as an alternative for the city's many commuters (local residents who travel daily to Toronto, Ontario for higher-paying jobs). His most notable success in this regard was the decision by the Bank of Montreal to relocate its Canadian Operations Centre to Barrie.
Hamilton also reached out to the film and television production industry, and Barrie was selected as the location for the ongoing production of YTV's "Monster Warriors" television program. Hamilton made a brief cameo appearance in the program's debut episode.
Hamilton was defeated by Dave Aspden in the 2006 municipal election, and was succeeded by Aspden in early December.
In 2009, Hamilton decided to run for a new term as mayor of Barrie with hopes of succeeding Mayor Dave Aspden. Barrie city councilor Jeff Lehman was elected instead on October 25, 2010, with Hamilton receiving 14% of the votes.

</doc>
<doc id="6922143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922143" title="Matthew (Obernewtyn Chronicles)">
Matthew (Obernewtyn Chronicles)



</doc>
<doc id="6922145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922145" title="Raymond Gram Swing">
Raymond Gram Swing

Raymond Gram Swing (March 25, 1887 – December 22, 1968) was an American print and broadcast journalist. He was one of the most influential news commentators of his era, heard by people worldwide as a leading American voice from Britain during World War II. Known originally as Raymond Swing, he adopted his wife's last name in 1919 and became known as Raymond Gram Swing.
College years.
Swing was born in Cortland, New York, on March 25, 1887. He attended Oberlin College in Ohio, where his father was a professor of theology. As a youth, Swing was the proverbial "minister's son" and felt unable to live up to his parents' high expectations. Describing himself during his student days as "a prankster who found freshman math 'totally incomprehensible,'" Swing only lasted for a year at Oberlin. He later expressed gratitude for "how much Oberlin had given me—in music, in the first interest I had in the other arts, and in the basic liberalism of racial and sexual equality." "Just being a part of Oberlin gave me an innate sense of the political equality of men and women—all men and all women."
Early career.
After leaving Oberlin, Swing worked briefly in a barber shop. His first foray into journalism came at age 19, in 1906 with the "Cleveland Press". This was followed by stints at "The Richmond (Indiana) Evening News", the "Indianapolis Star" and "The Cincinnati Times-Star". Determined to prove himself after what he saw as his early failure, he worked to the point of exhaustion. His career was meteoric. At age 23 he became managing editor of the "Indianapolis Sun." Then he was named London bureau chief for the "Philadelphia Public Ledger". He also wrote for the journal "The Nation" during this time.
By 1913, Swing was working as Berlin and Germany bureau chief for the "Chicago Daily News". When World War I broke out in 1914, he covered major battles and was the first to report on the existence of Big Bertha, a massive 420 mm artillery cannon. Gordon Holmes claimed in her autobiography that Swing once told her that he may have been "the only man who might have stopped the 1914 war and forgot to." She recalled: [Swing] tells how in December, 1914, the German authorities entrusted him with a peace offer to carry to Sir Edward Grey. Germany wanted peace, would withdraw from Belgium and France, would ask for a financial indemnity as a German face-saver, but would not expect payment. Swing, very young, very nervous, saw Grey, who received the message in silence until the word “indemnity” was reached. Then "Grey flushed and denounced it as an insult” and flatly turned down the German proposal. And only after the meeting was over did Swing realize he had told Grey that an indemnity would be asked for, but had forgotten to tell him that payment would not be expected.In 1915 the Chicago Daily News sent him to Turkey, where his coverage of the attack on the Dardanelles and other stories made him legendary. Crossing the Sea of Marmora on a Turkish freighter, the "Nagara", as the British submarine HMS E11 overtook the ship, one of the officers signaled for Swing to do the talking. The British sub commander asked "Who are you?" A question to which Swing should have replied with the ship's name but he instead responded, "I am Raymond Swing, of the "Chicago Daily News"."
Career after World War I.
In 1922, Swing left the "New York Herald", for which he had been "the eminent Berlin correspondent," to join "The Wall Street Journal" as head of its staff in Europe. By 1930, he headed the "New York Evening Post's" London Bureau.
During the 1920s, Swing migrated to the new medium of radio journalism, to which his reassuring and articulate manner was uniquely suited. After covering the 1932 presidential election, he was offered a job at CBS. Swing turned the job down and it was later given to Edward R. Murrow. Swing instead joined the Mutual Broadcasting System, where, in 1936, he began to broadcast on European affairs, emerging as a strong voice of opposition to Adolf Hitler and Fascism. As the Nazis rose in power and influence and began to threaten Europe, Mutual increased his broadcasts to five times a week. He also gave a number of lectures in the United States and abroad on the dangers of Fascism. In "The Historian", David H. Culbert described Swing as a liberal who voted for Norman Thomas in 1926 and supported Franklin D. Roosevelt during World War II.
Because of his prestige and credibility, Swing was chosen to be chairman of the Council for Democracy, a group founded in 1940 to support American rearmament and combat domestic isolationism. Funded by Henry Luce, the council was led by Harvard political science professor Carl Joachim Friedrich and Charles Douglas Jackson, vice president of "Time magazine". Swing was the narrator for the cartoon series "How War Came", nominated in 1941 for an Academy Award in the Best Short Subject, Cartoons category.
During the war, Swing was reportedly the nation's highest-paid radio commentator. After the war he worked at ABC, BBC and the Blue Network. In 1946, he narrated One World or None, a short film produced by the Federation of American Scientists which advocated that the people of the world must abolish war under a strengthened United Nations or face death through nuclear war. 
In the spring of 1951, after Swing had been offered a position with the Voice of America (VOA), the entertainment industry periodical "Counterattack" called him a Communist sympathizer. He then received his security clearance and joined the VOA as a political commentator in May. In 1953, he was called to testify before Senator Joseph McCarthy's Investigations Subcommittee, but was questioned for only a few minutes in private. Because he objected to McCarthy's treatment of the VOA and to the State Department's failure to defend the service and its employees, he resigned, sending a copy of his resignation letter to the press. It said he was resigning to protest the State Department's "spineless failure...to stand by its own staff," citing the recent resignation of Theodore Kaghan in particular. He said the VOA "has been crippled, perhaps beyond recovery, by slanderous attacks on its integrity."
During the early 1950s, Edward R. Murrow hired Swing to write news copy for him.
Swing returned to his former position as a political commentator for the VOA from 1959 to 1964.
Personal life and recognition.
Following his marriage to Suzanne Morin with whom he had a son born in Europe and a daughter, Swing married his second wife, Betty Gram Swing (c. 1894 – 1969), a feminist and suffragist, whom he met in Berlin in 1919. Because Swing shared her views on gender equality, he adopted her surname and became known as Raymond Gram Swing. The couple had two sons and a daughter. They divorced in 1944 and he dropped the "Gram" from his name. He then married Mary Hartshorne. They lived in Washington, D.C., and spent time at her home in Jamaica where he composed music. He later married Meisung Loh, who survived him.
Oberlin awarded him an honorary degree in 1940.
In 1943 Lewis received the Alfred I. duPont Award.
In 1962, Folkways Records released "Raymond Swing: Seventy-Fifth Anniversary Album", which included highlights from Swing's career.
Swing died at home in Washington D.C., on December 22, 1968. Fred W. Friendly of CBS said: "He was the closest thing broadcasting ever had to a Walter Lippmann."

</doc>
<doc id="6922151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922151" title="List of radio stations in France">
List of radio stations in France

Radio France.
The publicly run Radio France consortium controls around 40 radio stations, 31 of which fall under the France Bleu group.
Category A Stations.
Non-Commercial Stations

</doc>
<doc id="6922153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922153" title="Flash blindness">
Flash blindness

Flash blindness is an either temporary or permanent visual impairment during and following exposure of a varying length of time to a light flash of extremely high intensity, such as a nuclear explosion, flash photograph, lightning strike, or extremely bright light, i.e. a searchlight, laser pointer, landing lights, the sun, or ultraviolet light. The bright light overwhelms the retinas of the eyes and generally gradually fades, lasting anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes. However, if the eyes are exposed to a high enough level of light, such as a nuclear explosion, the blindness can become permanent.
Flash blindness may also occur in everyday life. For example, the subject of a flash photograph can be temporarily flash blinded. This phenomenon is leveraged in non-lethal weapons such as flash grenades and laser dazzlers.
Cause.
Flash blindness is caused by bleaching (oversaturation) of the retinal pigment. As the pigment returns to normal, so too does sight. In daylight the eye's pupil constricts, thus reducing the amount of light entering after a flash. At night, the dark-adapted pupil is wide open, so flash blindness has a greater effect and lasts longer.
Temporary vs. permanent.
Depending on the source consulted, the term "flash blindness" may exclusively refer to a temporary condition, or may describe a potentially permanent one. Some sources, such as NATO and the U.S. Department of Defense, state that "flash blindness" can be temporary or permanent. Other sources restrict the use of the word to temporary, reversible vision loss, distinguishing it from permanent blindness in a hierarchy of effects: "when the eye perceives bright light one of four reactions may take place. These are, in order of increasing brightness: dazzle, after image formation, flash blindness, and irreversible damage. [...] Flash blindness occurs when an extremely bright flash is discharged, usually at night, and again vision is temporarily lost." The United States Federal Aviation Administration defines flash blindness in Order JO 7400.2 as "generally, a temporary visual interference effect that persists after the source of the illumination has ceased."
Potential hazards.
Because vision loss is sudden and takes time to recover, flash blindness can be hazardous. At some sporting events such as figure skating, fans are cautioned to not use flash photography so as to avoid distracting or disorienting the athletes. Also in aviation, there is concern about laser pointers and bright searchlights causing temporary flash blindness and other vision-distracting effects to pilots who are in critical phases of flight such as approach and landing.
The bright initial flash of a nuclear weapon is the first indication of a nuclear explosion, traveling faster than the blast wave or sound wave. "A 1-megaton explosion can cause flash blindness at distances as great as on a clear day, or on a clear night. If the intensity is great enough, a permanent retinal burn (photic retinopathy) will result."
Pain.
It is unclear whether pain is directly associated with flash blindness. Reaction to flash blindness can be discomforting and disorienting, but the retina itself has no pain receptors, unlike the cornea. However, psychological pain could potentially occur in response to loss of vision. This can cause amplified stress levels, but such effects usually fade over time.
Related conditions.
Welders can get a painful condition called arc eye. While it is caused by bright light similar to flash blindness, the welder's arc lasts for much longer than flash blindness and involves exposure to ultraviolet rays that can damage the cornea. Flash blindness, in contrast, is caused by a single, very brief exposure which oversaturates the retina, and is not usually accompanied by reports of pain.

</doc>
<doc id="6922158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922158" title="Annping Chin">
Annping Chin

Annping Chin (; born 1950 in Taiwan) is an American historian and sinologist. She is a senior lecturer of history at Yale. Her fields of study include Confucianism, Taoism, and the Chinese intellectual tradition. Before Yale, she was on the faculty at Wesleyan University.
Chin studied mathematics at Michigan State University and received her Ph.D. in Chinese thought from Columbia University. She lives in West Haven, Connecticut, with her husband Jonathan Spence until his death in 2021. She has two children, writer Mei Chin and video game designer Yar Woo.
Chin was born in Taiwan in 1950 to a Manchu family from Liaoning. In 1962, she and her family moved to the U.S and have lived there ever since.
Publications.
Chin has written or translated six books:
She also co-authored, with her husband Jonathan Spence, "Chinese Century: A Photographic History of the Last Hundred Years" (Random House, 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="6922159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922159" title="A Stainless Steel Rat Is Born">
A Stainless Steel Rat Is Born

A Stainless Steel Rat is Born is a novel by Harry Harrison published in 1985, the first by in-series chronology in the "Stainless Steel Rat" series.
Plot summary.
"A Stainless Steel Rat is Born" is a novel in which the young Slippery Jim DiGriz finds himself getting into jail and back out again seeking criminal contacts.
Reception.
Dave Langford reviewed "A Stainless Steel Rat is Born" for "White Dwarf" #77, and stated that "No sequel will match the saga's first book, but this comes close: Jim's family isn't around to get in his light, the action doesn't get so excessively silly or grim as to fragment the story, and it climaxes on one of those ghastly low-tech planets in which Harrison delights."

</doc>
<doc id="6922173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922173" title="Old Hamilton County Jail">
Old Hamilton County Jail

The Old Hamilton County Jail is a historic building at 501 Northeast 1st Avenue, Jasper, Florida, United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Old Hamilton County Jail now serves as the Hamilton County Historical Museum.
Hamilton County Historical Museum.
The Hamilton County Historical Museum consists of a jail.
See also.
Jails and prisons listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="6922175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922175" title="The Stainless Steel Rat Gets Drafted">
The Stainless Steel Rat Gets Drafted

The Stainless Steel Rat Gets Drafted is a novel by Harry Harrison published in 1987.
Plot summary.
"The Stainless Steel Rat Gets Drafted" is a novel in which the master-criminal's plans for revenge involve him joining an army.
Reception.
Dave Langford reviewed "The Stainless Steel Rat Gets Drafted" for "White Dwarf" #95, and stated that "Very much the mixture as before."

</doc>
<doc id="6922179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922179" title="École secondaire catholique Franco-Cité (Nipissing)">
École secondaire catholique Franco-Cité (Nipissing)

Situated in Sturgeon Falls, Ontario. L'École secondaire catholique Franco-Cité is one of the first high schools to have fought for French rights in Ontario.
History.
1970 was an important year for the establishment of the first French secondary school in Sturgeon Falls. After the Ontario government approved the creation of French secondary schools in 1968, Strugeon Falls, being a primarily French town with 80% of the population identifying as Francophone, sought to have a French secondary school. The beginning of the fight for French rights of secondary students in Sturgeon Falls began in March, one of the most important months debuting the creation of Franco-cité. On March 2, a petition with 2277 signatures of parents and French-Ontarian students was presented. However, members of the school board refused to acknowledge the importance of a French secondary school in West-Nipissing. Of the school board's 17 members, only three were Francophone. After the refusal of the petition on March 23, 500 French students from the region refused to enroll in a secondary institution in Sturgeon falls, the only one being taught in English. Another meeting was held on March 25, at which director M. Monkman and the superintendent met with representatives to discuss the matter.
April 7, 1970, teachers and primary/secondary students stood their ground and devised a strike. During the month of April there are various meetings and l'Association d'Éducation de l'Ouest Nipissing (AEON) is created. AEON argues that the secondary school in Sturgeon Falls is preventing francophone students from expressing their cultural identity and is harming the expansion of the french language. They accept the proposition to try and have a school of mixed language; One side taught in French and the other in English. Also, this school would be under one administration only. However, discord between the French and English students becomes evident and soon the conflict spread to Faculty, parents and the administration. The conflict diffuses throughout the community of sturgeon falls and the surrounding area.
In 1971, french students form " le Comité d'action étudiante " in the battle against having a school taught in their language. To inform the francophone community about developments concerning the secondary school, 2 journals Le Journal and Coup d'oeil are created.

</doc>
<doc id="6922180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922180" title="WWWW-AM">
WWWW-AM



</doc>
<doc id="6922182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922182" title="The Stainless Steel Rat Sings the Blues">
The Stainless Steel Rat Sings the Blues



</doc>
<doc id="6922189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922189" title="The Stainless Steel Rat Saves the World">
The Stainless Steel Rat Saves the World



</doc>
<doc id="6922193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922193" title="The Stainless Steel Rat Wants You">
The Stainless Steel Rat Wants You



</doc>
<doc id="6922197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922197" title="The Stainless Steel Rat for President">
The Stainless Steel Rat for President

The Stainless Steel Rat for President is the fifth Stainless Steel Rat novel, written by Harry Harrison in 1982.
Plot summary.
"The Stainless Steel Rat for President" is a comic science fiction novel in which interstellar con man Slippery Jim DiGriz and his family clean up corruption on the banana republic world called Paraiso-Aqui.
After realizing that a planetary dictator is rigging elections, the rat decides to oust him by running as a competing candidate. As his Vice President, he chooses a fair man who should have been president if not for the corruption. Since the entire media, military, and political establishment is on the side of the dictator, DiGriz has few tools at his disposal. He uses political judo on his opponent. After deliberately angering the dictator into creating a blowout political election, DiGriz conducts a live interview in a precinct where 100% of the vote went to the incumbent. He then asks each villager to publicly state who they voted for and they all say DiGriz. This is clear evidence that fraud was committed, which forces a redo of the election with better balloting controls. After winning the (mostly) fair election, DiGriz feigns being assassinated so that the Vice President can take over.
Reception.
Ken Ramstead reviewed "The Stainless Steel Rat for President" in "Ares Magazine" #17 and commented that ""The Stainless Steel Rat for President" is the product of a craftsman comfortable and satisfied with his work; Harrison has hit his stride with his latest effort, and his readers can hopefully look forward to more of the same."
In other media.
In Computer Gaming World, editor Johnny Wilson adapted scenes from "The Stainless Steel Rat for President" into unofficial scenarios for the SSI tactical space combat game Galactic Gladiators.

</doc>
<doc id="6922199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922199" title="Valera District">
Valera District

Valera is a district of Bongará Province, in the Department of Amazonas, Peru. It includes the villages of San Pablo (capital of Valera), Cocahuayco, Cocachimba-La Coca, Nuevo Horizontes and Tingorbamba. The Gocta waterfall, high, is easily accessible from either San Pablo or Cocachimba, which are both accessible by road. The waterfall is a . walk on a hiking trail, or by horseback from San Pablo. The capital, San Pablo, is at above sea level, and has an idyllic climate. It is lush, with around of annual rainfall and an average high temperature of 25 °C. It is traversed by the Utcubamba River. It is situated between the cities of Pedro Ruiz Gallo and Chachapoyas.

</doc>
<doc id="6922201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922201" title="Flashblindness">
Flashblindness



</doc>
<doc id="6922202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922202" title="Chris Narveson">
Chris Narveson

Christopher Gregg Narveson (; born December 20, 1981) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers, and Miami Marlins and in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
Baseball career.
St. Louis Cardinals.
Narveson was originally drafted out of T.C. Roberson High School in Asheville, North Carolina, by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2nd round of the 2000 MLB Draft. He remained in the Cardinals' farm system through 2004, including appearing in the 2003 All-Star Futures Game for the USA Team.
Colorado Rockies.
Narveson was traded by the Cardinals to the Colorado Rockies on August 11, 2004, along with Luis Martinez, to complete an early trade for Larry Walker. He made four starts in Double-A for the Tulsa Drillers.
Boston Red Sox.
On March 30, 2005, Narveson was traded by the Rockies to the Boston Red Sox with catcher Charles Johnson for reliever Byung-hyun Kim. He made 21 appearances (20 starts) for the Triple–A Pawtucket Red Sox, with an ERA of 4.77.
St. Louis Cardinals.
Narveson returned to the Cardinals on August 8, 2005, when they selected him off waivers from the Red Sox. He made 15 starts in 2006 for the Triple–A Memphis Redbirds with a 2.81 ERA and was called up to the big leagues for the first time when rosters expanded in September. He made his Major League debut by working 2 innings of relief on September 8, 2006, against the Arizona Diamondbacks, allowing two earned runs. He made his first start on September 22, against the Houston Astros but only lasted 4 innings. Overall, he made 5 appearances (with the 1 start) for the Cardinals in 2006 and had an ERA of 4.82 with no decisions. He only made 12 minor league starts in 2007 due to a left shoulder injury.
Milwaukee Brewers.
Narveson signed as a minor league free agent with the Milwaukee Brewers on December 4, 2007, and spent the 2008 season with the Triple–A Nashville Sounds, where he was 6–13 with a 5.43 ERA in 28 appearances (22 starts).
Narveson was recalled by the Brewers from Nashville on June 14, 2009 and pitched in his first game with Milwaukee on June 15. He was outrighted to Nashville on July 13 after being designated for assignment. He was called up again on August 21 and appeared in a game the next day, earning his first major league win. He entered the Brewers starting rotation on September 13 making a spot start in place of Manny Parra and gained his first major league win as a starter on September 23, striking out 10 in the process.
Narveson made the Brewers' roster in 2010 with the intention of him being a long distance reliever and a spot starter. However, the struggles of Manny Parra gave Narveson the chance to start and he ended up being the Brewers' 5th starter for the second half of the season. Narveson finished the season with a 12–9 record in 28 starts, a 4.99 ERA, and 137 strikeouts in innings pitched.
Narveson was named the 5th starter on a revamped Brewers starting rotation for 2011. He started 28 games for the Brewers in 2011 and finished with an 11–8 record, with a 4.45 ERA and 126 strikeouts in 161 innings pitched. Narveson just missed starting 30 games on the season, but due to an injury on his left thumb caused by a pair of scissors, Narveson missed 2 of his scheduled starts.
Narveson missed almost all of the 2012 season due to an injury to, and surgery on his throwing arm's torn rotator cuff. He had a 1–1 record in 2 starts, with an ERA of 7.00. He was replaced as a starter by Marco Estrada. He became a free agent on October 1, 2013.
Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
On December 26, 2013, Narveson signed with the Tokyo Yakult Swallows of Nippon Professional Baseball. He made 24 starts for the Swallows during the 2014 campaign, compiling a 4-11 record and 4.53 ERA with 96 strikeouts over 137 innings of work. Narveson became a free agent following the season.
Miami Marlins.
On December 2, 2014, Narveson signed a minor league contract with the Miami Marlins. He had his contract selected to the major league roster on August 5, 2015. He became a free agent following the season on October 12.
On January 9, 2016, Narveson re-signed with the Miami Marlins on a minor league contract. He had his contract selected to the major league roster on April 3. He was designated for assignment on April 21, he cleared waivers and was sent outright to Triple-A New Orleans Zephyrs on April 24. Narveson had his contract selected back to the major league roster again on August 9. He was designated for assignment a second time on August 19, he cleared waivers and was again sent outright to Triple-A on August 21. He elected free agency after the season on October 11.
Cleveland Indians.
On February 14, 2017, Narveson signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians that included an invitation to spring training. Narveson announced his retirement on Twitter on September 3.

</doc>
<doc id="6922204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922204" title="Christian Johansson">
Christian Johansson

Pehr Christian Johansson (1 June 1817 – 12 December 1903) was a Swedish-born ballet dancer, teacher, choreographer and balletmaster for the Russian Imperial Ballet. He was engaged at the Royal Swedish Ballet from 1829 to 1841, and at the Imperial Russian Ballet from 1841 to 1866. 
Born in Stockholm, Sweden, he moved to Russia as a dancer and stayed on as one of the most important teachers in Russian history. He is remembered in Russia as exemplifying the artistic beauty of the male dancer. He began teaching in 1860 and by 1869, had become the leading ballet instructor at the Imperial Ballet School. He stayed there until his death in 1903. Johansson studied under Bournonville and partnered Marie Taglioni.
Life.
Early life.
Johansson was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 1 June 1817.
Career in Sweden.
Johansson made his debut on the stage of the Royal Opera House in Stockholm. He became a student of the Royal Swedish Ballet of the Royal Swedish Opera in 1829, and was a premier dancer from 1837 to 1840. During the 1830s, he was referred to as one of the male stars of the ballet alongside Anders Selinder, Vilhelm Pettersson and Carl Wilhelm Silfverberg.
Naturally endowed to be a fine dancer, Crown Prince Oscar financed his studies for the great Danish choreographer August Bournonville. After studying with Bournonville in Copenhagen for two years, Johansson earned the right to be called his pupil and was trained in the French classical style, "la belle danse". Beautiful, flexible and graceful in the best tradition of the French school, Johansson attracted the attention of critics. In addition, the great Romantic ballerina, Marie Taglioni, made it a condition of her engagement in Stockholm that Johansson be her partner.
Johansson went on to partner other great ballerinas as well, especially during his time in St. Petersburg. Some of these were Fanny Elssler, Carlotta Grisi, Adèle Grantzow, Yelena Andreyanova, Tatyana Smirnova, Marfa Muravieva, Nadezhda Bogdanova and Fanny Cerrito.
Career in Russia.
His move to Russia in 1841 helped Johansson's career as a dancer. At that time in Europe, the male danseur enjoyed less importance than that of the ballerina. Only in St. Petersburg could a male dancer achieve great success and there perform his own solos, rather than appearing only as a ballerina's partner. This perhaps explains the appearance of the great artistic talents, Marius Petipa, Jules Perrot, Arthur Saint-Leon and Johansson himself, at the Russian Imperial Ballet.
His stage career spanned four decades and included hundreds of ballets. When it ended in 1883, he continued teaching classes at the Imperial Ballet School on Theatre Street in St. Petersburg, something he had done for ten years already. By the end of the 19th century, there was not one ballerina appearing on the stage of the Maryinsky Theatre who had not been taught by Johansson, either at the Imperial Ballet School or at the Theatre's "Classe de Perfection".
Tall and thin, with seemingly perfect posture, the aging Johansson would appear in ballet class with a small violin and thick stick. He used this in order to keep the musical beat underneath his mumbled counts of the music. Sometimes the stick was set aside and, instead of his melancholic voice, his violin would sing and enliven the class with simple melodies from the ballets of his youth. This was a novel approach for the relatively severe atmosphere of the school. A calm, well-mannered man, he set an example of graciousness and was admired by the students.
Among his students: his daughter Anna Johansson, Pavel Gerdt, Platon Karsavin, Tamara Karsavina, Nikolai Legat, Sergei Legat, Olga Preobrajenska, , Mathilde Kschessinska, Evgenia Sokolova, , , Agrippina Vaganova, Anna Pavlova, Marie Petipa etc.
Legacy.
Johansson's pupils were not the only ones who were influenced by him. The Imperial Ballet Master, Marius Petipa, would often observe his classes, watching and remembering. After those visits, Johansson would say laughingly, "Once again the old man is stealing something from me..." In truth, Petipa usually sent male dancers to Johansson to have their variations choreographed. Dancers would occasionally recognize their teacher's classroom combinations in Petipa's ballets. It has been substantiated that Johansson himself created and choreographed most of the male variations in the Petipa / Tchaikovsky ballet "The Sleeping Beauty" (1890).
Christian Johansson's daughter, the ballerina Anna Christianovna Johansson (1860-1917), was a celebrated soloist of the St. Petersburg Imperial Ballet and created roles in nearly every important premiere throughout the late nineteenth century. Among the roles she created were: the fairy "Canari que chant" and the "Diamond Fairy" in the "Pas de Quatre of the Precious Stones" from Petipa's "The Sleeping Beauty" (1890), "Aurora, goddess of the dawn" in Petipa's "The Awakening of Flora" (1894), and the lead ballerina of the "Waltz of the Flowers" in the premiere of "The Nutcracker" (1892).

</doc>
<doc id="6922209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922209" title="List of united states cities by population">
List of united states cities by population



</doc>
<doc id="6922211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922211" title="Dr. Johnathon Ohnn">
Dr. Johnathon Ohnn



</doc>
<doc id="6922213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922213" title="The Stainless Steel Rat Goes to Hell">
The Stainless Steel Rat Goes to Hell



</doc>
<doc id="6922218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922218" title="Peter Nicholl">
Peter Nicholl

Peter William Ernest Nicholl (born 1944) is a New Zealand economist.
Early life and education.
Nicholl was born in Hamilton, New Zealand and was educated at Victoria University of Wellington where he completed a BCA.
Career.
Nicholl joined the Reserve Bank of New Zealand where he worked for 22 years. He was chief economist for five years and deputy governor and deputy chief executive from 1990 to 1995.
In 1995, he became an executive director on the World Bank board representing New Zealand, Australia, Korea, Cambodia, Mongolia and seven Pacific island nations.
Nicholl is currently a member of the governing board at the Central Bank of Bosnia and Herzegovina (CBBH). He was Governor of the CBBH from 1997 to 2004, during which time the central bank introduced its own currency and was established as an institution across the whole country.
In the 2006 New Year Honours, Nicholl was appointed a companion of the Queen's Service Order for public services.
Personal life.
Nicholl resides in New Zealand with his second wife and daughter Lily. He has three adult children (Hilary, Linda and Roger) from his first marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="6922221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922221" title="The Stainless Steel Rat Joins the Circus">
The Stainless Steel Rat Joins the Circus



</doc>
<doc id="6922222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922222" title="Johnathon Ohnn">
Johnathon Ohnn



</doc>
<doc id="6922224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922224" title="You Can Be the Stainless Steel Rat">
You Can Be the Stainless Steel Rat

You Can Be the Stainless Steel Rat is a novel by Harry Harrison published in 1988.
Plot summary.
"You Can Be the Stainless Steel Rat" is a novel in which the reader can move to numbered paragraphs like a gamebook.
Reception.
Dave Langford reviewed "You Can Be the Stainless Steel Rat" for "White Dwarf" #73, and stated that "(Harrison), a talented and able writer, shows his versatility by effortlessly turning off these qualities...he cracks some good jokes, but literary ability seems irrelevant to these game books (look at the people who usually write them). Playability? Unless you get bored and go to sleep there's no way to lose, or to escape the linear 'plot' to which Harrison has merely added decorative, swiftly returning loops...My all-purpose review for such efforts is designed to appease the publishers: 'This one is a real page-turner!'"

</doc>
<doc id="6922228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922228" title="Dashwood baronets">
Dashwood baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Dashwood family, one in the Baronetage of England and one in the Baronetage of Great Britain. Both creations are extant as of 2008.
Dashwood baronetcy in Baronetage of England.
The Dashwood baronetcy, of Kirtlington Park in the County of Oxford, was created in the Baronetage of England on 16 September 1684 for Robert Dashwood, later Member of Parliament for Banbury and Oxfordshire, with remainder, in default of male issue of his own, to the heirs male of his father. He was the son of George Dashwood, an Alderman of London and Commissioner of Revenue. George Dashwood was offered a baronetcy but did not take up the patent, and consequently a new patent was granted to his son. At the same time the widow of George Dashwood was granted the rank of a Baronet's widow.
Robert Dashwood was succeeded by his grandson, James, the second Baronet. He also represented Oxfordshire in the House of Commons.
On the death of James Dashwood in 1779 the title passed to his eldest son, Henry, the third Baronet. He was Member of Parliament for Woodstock for 36 years.
Henry's eldest son, George, the fourth Baronet, sat as Member of Parliament for Truro.
When George died in 1861 the title passed to his son, Henry, the fifth Baronet. He served as Lord-Lieutenant of Oxfordshire. See also the Dashwood baronetcy of West Wycombe below.
Several other members of the family may also be mentioned. Arthur Paul Dashwood (1882–1964), third son of the sixth Baronet, was an engineer and the husband of the novelist E. M. Delafield. Henry Dashwood, brother of the first Baronet, assumed the surname of Peyton in lieu of Dashwood. He was a Member of Parliament and the ancestor of Henry Peyton, who was created a baronet in 1776 (see Peyton baronets for more information on this branch of the family).
The Peyton baronets were in special remainder to the baronetcy of Kirtlington Park until the extinction of the title in 1962.
Dashwood baronets, of Kirtlington Park (1684).
The heir presumptive is the present baronet's fifth cousin twice removed Alexander Thomas Whitburn (born 1950), who is a fourth-great-grandson of the second baronet through his younger son Thomas. He has a son, Benjamin Alexander John (born 1979), who has a son, Isaac Thomas (born 2015).
Dashwood baronetcy in Baronetage of Great Britain.
The Dashwood baronetcy, of West Wycombe in the County of Buckingham, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 28 June 1707 for Francis Dashwood, a merchant and subsequently Member of Parliament for Winchelsea. He was the son of Alderman Francis Dashwood, brother of George Dashwood, father of the first Baronet of Kirtlington Park. He married Lady Mary, daughter of Vere Fane, 4th Earl of Westmorland and 7th Baron Le Despencer.
Sir Francis Dashwood was succeeded by his son from his first marriage, also named Francis, the second Baronet. He was a prominent politician and served as Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1762 to 1763, but is probably best remembered as the founder of the Hellfire Club. In 1762 Dashwood succeeded his uncle as eleventh Baron Le Despencer. He died without male issue in 1781 when the barony fell into abeyance (see Baron Le Despencer for further history of this title).
The baronetcy was inherited by his half-brother, John, the third Baronet. He assumed the additional surname of King.
For further history of the title, see the list of holders below. The Dashwood baronetcy of West Wycombe is the premier baronetcy in the Baronetage of Great Britain. The family seat is West Wycombe Park, West Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
Dashwood, later Dashwood-King, later Dashwood baronets, of West Wycombe (1707).
The heir apparent is the present holder's eldest son, George Francis Dashwood (born 17 June 1992).

</doc>
<doc id="6922233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922233" title="Damaraland Blesmol">
Damaraland Blesmol



</doc>
<doc id="6922235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922235" title="First United Methodist Church (Jasper, Florida)">
First United Methodist Church (Jasper, Florida)

The First United Methodist Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic church in Jasper, Florida. It is located at 405 Central Avenue, S.W. On September 29, 1978, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as United Methodist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="6922244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922244" title="Freecycle Network">
Freecycle Network



</doc>
<doc id="6922247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922247" title="Mangalore International Airport">
Mangalore International Airport

Mangalore International Airport (also known as Mangaluru International Airport) is an international airport serving the coastal city of Mangalore in the state of Karnataka, India. It is one of only two international airports in the state, the other being Kempegowda International Airport in the capital city of Bengaluru. Mangalore International Airport is the second-busiest airport in the state. In addition to domestic destinations, flights depart daily for major cities in the Middle East. The airport was named Bajpe Aerodrome, when it opened on 25 December 1951 by the former and First Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, who arrived on a Douglas DC-3 aircraft.
Overview.
The airport is near Bajpe, around northeast of Mangalore city centre. It is on top of a hill, with two tabletop runways (09/27 and 06/24). Only two other airports in India have tabletop runways – Kozhikode and Lengpui. The very small and basic terminal was renovated in the early 2000s, adding parking controls, additional seating and additional cafés. The airport was initially used for limited domestic flights, mainly to Mumbai and Bengaluru.
The operation of international flights started in 2006 with Air India Express flying to Dubai. Mangalore Airport was a customs airport for six years, from 3 October 2006 to 3 October 2012, before it was granted the status of international airport.
Until 2005, the small runway meant the airport could only handle Boeing 737-400 size aircraft. The longer runway now handles slightly larger aircraft. On 10 January 2006, an Airbus A319 of Kingfisher Airlines landed on the new runway. On 28 September 2012, an Airbus A310 landed for the first time at Mangalore. It was a charter flight for the Hajj pilgrims to Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
From 2011 to 2012, the airport had a revenue of and an operating profit of , up from in 2006–07. In 2012–13 the airport handled a landmark 1.02 million passengers with 11,940 aircraft movements. The revenue for the same period was Rs 506.6 million, and it recorded an operating profit of Rs 164.9 million during 2012–13. In 2013–14 it handled a 1.25 million passengers with revenues of Rs 638.9 million.
In July 2019, the central government approved leasing of the airport through public-private partnership (PPP) to the Adani Enterprises, for operations, management and development for the next 50 years. This airport is accredited by the Airports Council International (ACI) under the Airport Health Accreditation (AHA) programme.
Facilities.
Runway.
The first runway (09/27), long, was opened in 1951. It is a tabletop runway, with landing approaches presented with the extreme edges of a hillside. The edges of the hill drop into a valley from a height of about to ) within a short distance of just on the east of the runway and from about to on the western side. The runway was not level, with the height varying from to from east to west. Landing on this short runway was considered difficult.
Mangalore Airport was the first airport in Karnataka to have two runways and the first to have a runway made of concrete. The second runway (06/24), long, was opened on 10 May 2006. A Jet Airways flight from Bangalore with 95 passengers on board was the first to land on this runway. The airport has acquired land to build a taxiway parallel to the new runway to reduce aircraft turnaround time.
Union Minister of State for Civil Aviation Praful Patel announced on 15 May 2010 that a work order for extending the runway to would be issued soon. After the crash of Air India Express Flight 812, the minister reaffirmed on 30 May 2010 that the runway extension will take place and will take into account the spillover area required during an emergency.
Safety improvements were implemented after the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (India) (DGCA) identified this as one of the 11 airports in India as unsafe. Addition of a runway end safety area, ensuring proper markings on the runway, and proper maintenance of the basic strip were among the improvements.
Passenger terminal.
The road to the new terminal reduces the distance between the city and the airport by about . The airport had a trial run of the terminal for domestic flights on 16 December 2009. On 15 May 2010, the terminal building was inaugurated by Civil Aviation Minister, Praful Patel, along with former Chief Minister of Karnataka, B. S. Yediyurappa. It was to be opened to air traffic on 1 July 2010, but it became operational on 2 August 2010 due to delays caused by the Air India Express Flight 812 accident.
Since 1 September 2010, the airport is charging a user development fee (UDF) of per passenger for domestic flights and for international flights. This fee was approved by the Civil Aviation Ministry.
, 26 domestic flights and 52 international flights were operated every week.
Air traffic control.
The construction of a new air traffic control (ATC) tower was completed in June 2014, and commissioned for one-month trial on 19 January 2015.
On 5 September 2013 the Airports Authority of India commissioned a DGCA approved advanced automated air traffic management system, replacing the older system. The system enhances flight safety by providing flight plans, direction finders, and air-ground-data link messages. This system processes radar feeds from Bangalore, Chennai, and Thiruvananthapuram and displays them at Mangalore.
Old terminal.
Since 2011 the old terminal has been used for direct flights to Medina, Saudi Arabia, for pilgrims undertaking the Hajj. In 2011 and 2012 chartered flights landed at Mangalore International Airport and carried passengers from the old terminal building.
Indian Coast Guard Air Station.
The Mangalore Airport Director announced on 28 January 2016 that the Airports Authority of India have handed over of space at the old terminal building to the Indian Coast Guard to set up an air station for its air operations. The ICG proposed the stationing of two of its Dornier 228 aircraft at the air station.
Statistics.
Presently, it ranks 12 in the list of airports with international passenger traffic after Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kochi, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Thiruvananthapuram, Ahmedabad, Kozhikode, Tiruchirappalli international airports. The airport had 8.91 lakh passengers in the FY 2011-12 and witnessed a growth rate of 5.44%. According to the airport sources, it has a target of achieving 16 lac passengers traffic in the FY 2016–17.
Air cargo complex.
Air cargo complex of the airport was commissioned in the year 2013.
Major commodities are fresh vegetables, chilled fish, ornamental fish, cashews, flowers and machinery parts.
Connectivity.
KSRTC (Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation) operates Airport low-floor Volvo bus services from Mangalore Central Railway Station and Manipal to Mangalore International Airport. Taxis ply between the airport and the city of Mangalore. Prepaid taxi service is available around the clock at the airport counter in the arrival hall.

</doc>
<doc id="6922257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922257" title="Toxic Grind">
Toxic Grind

Toxic Grind is an extreme sports game developed by Blue Shift Inc. and released by THQ for the Xbox in 2002. Described as the "only BMX game with a storyline" by the developers, "Toxic Grind" is a narrative BMX-based game in which players complete a series of missions within a futuristic game show over eleven levels. Similar to other extreme sports games of its type, the game features levels designed for players to complete tricks and avoid obstacles. "Toxic Grind" was originally planned for a multiplatform release with a GameCube port, although only the Xbox version reached release. The game was released to generally negative reviews, with critics mixed on the merits of the story additions to the game and the gameplay mechanics and control scheme. 
Gameplay.
"Toxic Grind" is an extreme sports game in which the player navigates a BMX across 11 stages, whilst completing missions and avoiding obstacles. Similar to other games of its type, players can execute tricks including vert tricks, grinds, and wallrides to earn points, with combos earning increased points and allowing special "adrenaline tricks" to be performed. Control of the player's BMX is also similar to other games, with buttons assigned to hops, loop tricks, grind tricks, and holds. The game features several modes, including 'Underground', a story mode involving the completion of a series of missions to unlock new levels, 'Arcade', a free play mode for unlocked levels, and 'Pro Circuit', a mode involving play over a series of levels in a competition to earn the best average score. The game also supports a multiplayer mode, featuring 'Quick Draw', requiring players to beat the other to a specified score, 'Score War', play to reach the highest score in the time limit, 'Turf War', requiring players to touch more items in the level than their competitor, and 'Tug of War', in which players earn and steal points from each other by performing tricks. 
Synopsis.
In the year 2097, BMX riding has been outlawed, with violators of the law sentenced to appear on "Toxic Grind", a game show hosted by host Dixon Von Blass. On the show, contestants are injected with a deadly toxin, ensuring certain death. However, in order to enhance the show's ratings, the host decides to use time travel kidnap Jason Hayes, one of the world's best freestyle BMX riders, to showcase on the show. Jason is faced with a gauntlet of deadly objectives and obstacles in order to survive the show and become the savior of BMX.
Development.
THQ announced "Toxic Grind" in January 2002 for the Xbox and GameCube, marketing the game as a "unique take on extreme sports" and the "first mission-based BMX game with a storyline". However, work on a GameCube version of "Toxic Grind" was cancelled during development, with THQ identifying the game as a "better fit" for the Xbox. Initial previews of "Toxic Grind" in early 2002 encountered criticism with the demo's slow framerate, with "IGN" stating the game "proved sluggish and in need of serious tweaking", and was a "visible shortcoming" with the framerate "dropping below 30 regularly". Blue Shift involved additional staff, including developer Richard Geldreich, to "fix up and optimise the rendering, shader and shadowing code" affecting the game's framerate, with the game optimised "at the last minute" prior to release.
Reception.
"Toxic Grind" received "generally unfavorable" reviews from critics, according to review aggregator Metacritic, with an average score of 49% across 9 reviews. Reviewers were mixed on the premise and story of the game, with positive reviews praising the originality of the game's approach. Jeff Gerstmann of "GameSpot" praised the "funny and inventive premise" of the game, noting "the creative story is told pretty well using a series of static images and decent voice-over." Justin Raymond of "GameZone" was mixed, stating whilst he "applauded (the game) for trying something new, the story feels very corny...the cutscenes (consist) of static figures and voice-overs - they feel kind of cheap and crude." In contrast, "IGN" found the story scenes to be "dull", critiquing the acting as "laughable" and stated it "doesn't help this game much and only seems to make this game more campy and cheap." Sam Bishop of "Xbox Nation" described the story as "painfully bad" and critiqued its "hackneyed premise". 
Reviewers were also mixed on the gameplay and controls. Describing the game as ranking among "the worst we've ever come across", Sam Bishop of "Xbox Nation" critiqued the game's "unresponsive and sloppy control scheme", focusing upon the "utterly unintuitive and disruptive process" of manuals and tricks "that consistently ruin the process of trick combos". Jeff Gerstmann of "GameSpot" critiqued the game's physics as "painfully unfinished", stating "you never really feel like you're catching the right amount of air...everything about the way the game moves has a very clunky look and feel to it." Similarly, Kendall Lacey of "Xbox Magazine" stated that the game was "not very exciting" and "never manages to convey any real sense of movement." However, Justin Raymond of "GameZone" acknowledged "the actual gameplay can be pretty fun", praising the controls as "tight" and "easy to pull off and link together."

</doc>
<doc id="6922261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922261" title="2038 (board game)">
2038 (board game)



</doc>
<doc id="6922263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922263" title="Náměstí Republiky, Plzeň">
Náměstí Republiky, Plzeň

The Square of the Republic (in Czech "Naměstí republiky") forms the historical centre of Plzeň, Czech Republic. With a size of it is one of the largest medieval squares in the Czech lands.
Plzeň as a town appears at the end of the 13th century, the square existing since then. Around the oblong square regular blocks of houses delimitated by a rectangular network of streets were built.
Archaeologists have identified wooden pavement from the 13th century and another three layers of pavement from the 14th century. The square was cobblestoned in 1859. The stones were replaced by asphalt cover in the 20th century; this replaced again with cobblestones during 2005-2007 reconstruction.
In the beginning of the 16th century the water supply became critical. A water tower with a mechanical pump was erected, the water being stored in a leaden reservoir and fed through wooden pipes to public fountains at the main square.
A graveyard had existed on the square since the town was established until 1789, when Emperor Joseph II ordered to close such graveyards.
The buildings in the square are predominantly built in Gothic and Renaissance styles. In the courtyards east side remains of the medieval walls are still preserved. The best preserved part of the square is its southern part.
Many buildings contain two or three levels of cellars used to preserve food, for wells or as cesspools.
The most important historical landmarks are Church of St. Bartholomew (1295, since 1993 a cathedral), the city hall (the building serves as city hall since 1496) and St. Mary's plague column from 1681 by the Plzeň sculptor Kristian Widman, all in the northern part of the square.

</doc>
<doc id="6922273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922273" title="Johns House">
Johns House

The Johns House is a historic house in White Springs, Florida. It is located at the junction of CR 135 and Adams Memorial Drive. On July 10, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6922279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922279" title="Main Square of Plzen">
Main Square of Plzen



</doc>
<doc id="6922283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922283" title="Main Square of Pilsen">
Main Square of Pilsen



</doc>
<doc id="6922289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922289" title="Bomb (magazine)">
Bomb (magazine)

Bomb (stylized in all caps as BOMB) is an American arts magazine edited by artists and writers, published quarterly in print and daily online. It is composed primarily of interviews between creative people working in a variety of disciplines—visual art, literature, film, music, theater, architecture, and dance. In addition to interviews, "Bomb" publishes reviews of literature, film, and music, as well as new poetry and fiction. "Bomb" is published by New Art Publications, Inc., a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
History.
"Bomb" was launched in 1981 by a group of New York City-based artists, including Betsy Sussler, Sarah Charlesworth, Glenn O'Brien, Michael McClard, and Liza Béar, who sought to record and promote public conversations between artists without mediation by critics or journalists.
The name "Bomb" is a reference to both Wyndham Lewis' "Blast" and the fact that the magazine's original editors expected the publication to "bomb" after one or two issues. Shortly after its founding, "Bomb" formed a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, New Art Publications, Inc., which publishes the journal.
In 2005, the "Bomb" offices moved from the SoHo neighborhood of New York City, New York, to Fort Greene, Brooklyn. By December 2019, "Bomb" had published one hundred fifty issues.
Archive at Columbia University.
In 2004, Columbia University's Rare Book and Manuscript Library acquired "Bomb"'s archives, including twenty-four years' worth of audio recordings, raw and edited interview transcripts, manuscripts, galleys, and assorted ephemera.
Oral History Project.
Since 2014, "Bomb"'s Oral History Project has staged one-on-one interviews with New York City-based visual artists of the African descent, conducted by curators, scholars, and cultural producers.
The Oral History Project is dedicated to collecting, developing, and preserving the stories of distinguished visual artists of the African Diaspora. The Oral History Project has organized interviews including: Wangechi Mutu by Deborah Willis, Kara Walker &amp; Larry Walker, Edward Clark by Jack Whitten, Adger Cowans by Carrie Mae Weems, Jeanne Moutoussamy-Ashe by Kalia Brooks, Melvin Edwards by Michael Brenson, Terry Adkins by Calvin Reid, Stanley Whitney by Alteronce Gumby, Gerald Jackson by Stanley Whitney, Eldzier Cortor by Terry Carbone, Peter Bradley by Steve Cannon, Quincy Troupe &amp; Cannon Hersey, James Little by LeRonn P. Brooks, William T. Williams by Mona Hadler, Maren Hassinger by Lowery Stokes Sims, Linda Goode Bryant by Rujeko Hockley, Janet Olivia Henry and Sana Musasama by Stephanie E. Goodalle.

</doc>
<doc id="6922295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922295" title="Astro Battle">
Astro Battle

Astro Battle is a science fiction multidirectional shooter developed and published by American studio Lava Lord Games for Microsoft Windows and Linux. The gameplay focuses on players designing star fighters to fight against other players' ships in an overhead melee.
Development is continuous; New ships and weapons are continuously added, and a sequel to "Astro Battle" is available for beta testing. The basic gameplay in the sequel remains the same, and adds in-game tutorials, new design tools, a new 3D graphics engine, and support for Linux.
Gameplay.
The objective of "Astro Battle" is to destroy other player's ships in multi-player online matches. The game features standard Multi-directional shooter gameplay with several innovations.
"Astro Battle"'s gameplay deviates from that of traditional Shoot 'em ups in that, rather than provide pre-designed space ships which are then customised by a limited selection of weapons on pre-selected hardpoints, players must design a star fighter in the included ship editor. "Astro Battle" gives you a large number of parts, including cockpits, trusses, thrusters, guns, batteries and fusion power reactors, each with their own attributes, and the attributes of spacecraft are determined entirely by the modules used in construction and the arrangement of these modules. Each module has a cost and weight associated with it. Weight affects ship speed and manoeuvrability, and no ship may exceed a certain cost.
Players must take these parts and connect them together via set ‘mount points’ on each module to create viable combat craft.
Many modules require player input to be useful. For example, guns and thrusters are useless unless the player can control them, and some parts have special uses: Reserve energy tanks, for example, can be activated by the player. For these to function, the player must 'wire' these modules to control keys so that, for example, a thruster on the left wing will fire when the right key is pressed, or a machine gun will fire when a fire button is pressed.
In battle, the aim is to defeat other players in online matches, flying ships around one of a number of battle arenas. Gameplay in this part of the game is reminiscent of Star Control 2 melee mode. One feature of the game is the ability to destroy individual components of a ship. It's possible, for example, to cause specific thrusters to stop functioning, hindering movement of an enemy ship, or to destroy specific weapons, preventing their use in combat, or to destroy a specific structural element, causing whole parts of the ship to fall off, rendering them inoperable. To score a point as a kill, players must destroy the cockpit or bridge of the opposing ship.
There are many guilds in "Astro Battle", each of which is only a loose collection of players interested in playing together. In general, they have little effect on game play for most members. But as more people begin to join of opposing guilds the game play can become quite intense at times.
Plot.
Setting.
"Astro Battle" has a consistent artistic theme, with heavy use of stylized icons. Beyond this consistency, details of the setting or a detailed plot are never established in-game.
Development.
"Astro Battle" was released in 2004 by Lava Lord Games and was inspired by "Star Control". Initially, the game was released for free trial with an expansion pack allowing for much more powerful ships. Initially, "Astro Battle" was released as a stand-alone application. In 2007, the game had 18,000 subscribers and work on a sequel began. In 2009, the original was re-released as a web application, accessible from the website. Today, both the original game and the sequel are available for free from the website.
Expansion and sequels.
An expansion pack was once available which increased the number of points that may be used to buy modules, and added a large number of new modules. Users of the non-expanded game played in the same servers as those with the expansion pack, so the paid users were at a distinct advantage. The online version of "Astro Battle" 1.08 available on-line comes with the expansion pack included for free. The Astro Battle 2 expansion pack has been withdrawn due to lack of support.
A sequel to Astro Battle is in public beta testing. In the sequel, the basic gameplay remains the same. The changes are more refinements: new in-game tutorials, new design tools, a new a 3d graphics engine, the ship designer will be separated from the game, and a new focus on stability.
Reception.
PC World considered "Astro Battle" in their overview of "15 Great Free Game Sites", noting its use of a top-down 2D view.

</doc>
<doc id="6922296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922296" title="Oh in Ohio">
Oh in Ohio



</doc>
<doc id="6922301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922301" title="Karen Kryczka">
Karen Kryczka

Karen Pearce Kryczka (born November 24, 1940) is a former politician from Alberta, Canada.
Kryczka was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1997 Alberta general election. She served as a back bench member for the Progressive Conservatives. In 2001 she was re-elected for a second term. She retired from her seat in 2004 when she decided not to run again.
In the Legislature she was the chair of the Seniors Advisory Council for Alberta.
She was a supporter of Jim Dinning's campaign in the 2006 Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election.
Family.
Kryczka is the mother of Canadian Olympian Kelly Kryczka, and was married to Adam Kryczka, the brother of Joe Kryczka.

</doc>
<doc id="6922302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922302" title="District (LCMS)">
District (LCMS)



</doc>
<doc id="6922304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922304" title="Lunar Curatorial Facility">
Lunar Curatorial Facility



</doc>
<doc id="6922305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922305" title="Paul Buchignani">
Paul Buchignani

Paul Buchignani (born October 31, 1967) is an American drummer who came into musical prominence for his work with The Afghan Whigs on the "Black Love" album and subsequent tour. Buchignani graduated from Rhodes College in Memphis, TN in 1989. Buchignani played drums for local favorite, Neighborhood Texture Jam, and worked for a law office before making the transition to full-time musician. In 1992 he secured a job at Ardent Studios in Memphis, TN as a session assistant and drummer. Through his association with Ardent engineers and producers John Hampton and Jeff Powell, Buchignani built a relationship with Greg Dulli of The Afghan Whigs. With drummer Steve Earle departing from The Afghan Whigs in 1994, Buchignani was asked to step in as the new drummer. Buchignani handled the drumming duties on "Black Love" and remained with the band from 1995-1996. He appeared in multiple music videos with the band including Honky's Ladder. Post-Afghan Whigs, Buchignani has remained busy as a recording and performing musician in Memphis, TN. Post-Whigs career highlights include working with Todd Snider, Mark Lemhouse, Richard Johnston, Impala, AA Bondy, teaching at the Memphis Drum Shop and Stax Music Academy, as well as being house drummer for the New Orleans Ponderosa Stomp music festival. He has also worked on the film soundtrack for the movie Hustle and Flow (2005), and has recorded and toured with Goner Records artist Harlan T. Bobo and Sympathy for the Record Industry artist, Jack Oblivian.

</doc>
<doc id="6922307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922307" title="LPWA Super Ladies Showdown">
LPWA Super Ladies Showdown



</doc>
<doc id="6922312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922312" title="Rabbi Yehushua Weitzman">
Rabbi Yehushua Weitzman



</doc>
<doc id="6922317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922317" title="Soviet terror">
Soviet terror



</doc>
<doc id="6922319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922319" title="Judy Martin WWF">
Judy Martin WWF



</doc>
<doc id="6922321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922321" title="Oh in ohio">
Oh in ohio



</doc>
<doc id="6922324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922324" title="Yehushua Weitzman">
Yehushua Weitzman



</doc>
<doc id="6922326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922326" title="Extreme points of Albania">
Extreme points of Albania



</doc>
<doc id="6922330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922330" title="JTB Corporation">
JTB Corporation

, is the largest travel agency in Japan and one of the largest travel agencies in the world. It specializes in tourism. There are branches all over the world to help Japanese and non-Japanese guests in both private leisure and corporate / business fields. It was formerly owned by the Japanese government. It is headquartered in the JTB Building in Shinagawa, Tokyo. Due to COVID-19, JTB planned to reduce its group headcount by 7,200 and close 115 domestic outlets by September 2021.
History.
The company was established as " in 1912, primarily serving foreign visitors to Japan. In 1941, the company was renamed as , and in the following year changed its status from corporation to foundation, while still retaining its travel agency functions. After World War II, the company was renamed as ". In 1963, Japan Travel Bureau was divided into two separate entities, with the travel agency arm becoming an independent corporation while the foundation remained a non-profit organization. However, both organizations retained the Japan Travel Bureau banner. On 1 January 2001, the corporation was renamed "JTB Corporation", while the foundation retained the Japan Travel Bureau name. In 1997, its operations began.
The original JTB company, "JTB Corporation", has since diversified into other businesses including pharmaceuticals, financial services, consumer goods, publishing, telecommunications and more. The entity that operates its flagship travel business is JTBGMT which supplies tours and other Japan Travel products directly to customers and to travel agents under its "Sunrise Tour" brand. The publishing arm of JTB Corp. produces the popular "Rurubu" magazine which, in 2010, was recognised by the Guinness Book of World Records as most widely-sold travel guide series in the world. The company also publishes the "Japan in Your Pocket" series of tourist guide mini-books.

</doc>
<doc id="6922332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922332" title="Nantlle Tramway">
Nantlle Tramway



</doc>
<doc id="6922335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922335" title="Conflict Global Terror">
Conflict Global Terror



</doc>
<doc id="6922341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922341" title="Type 051C destroyer">
Type 051C destroyer

The Type 051C destroyer (NATO reporting name: Luzhou class) is a long-range air-defence guided-missile destroyer built by China in its ongoing effort to create a true blue water navy. The ship uses the hull design of the older Type 051B (Luhai class), but is equipped with the advanced Russian S-300FM air defence missiles systems. Currently, two ships of this class have been launched and deployed by People's Liberation Army Navy North Sea Fleet.
Background.
The construction of the Luzhou-class destroyer at China's northern Dalian Shipyard was revealed in 2004 with the help of Internet photographs. A disadvantage of the Type 051C is that it lacks the stealthier radar cross-section found on the newer Chinese warships. 
The ship also possesses less advanced steam turbine propulsion compared to gas turbine propulsion present in all newer Chinese destroyers. The Type 051C is a stop gap measure to provide long range area air defense to the fleet by mating the mature hull design with proven SAM system that is more capable than that of the Type 052B destroyer. Production of this class stopped once more advanced Type 052C destroyers became available.
Description.
Missiles.
The Luzhou class uses the advanced Russian S-300FM air defence missile system with track-via-missile homing guided by a single Tombstone radar. The missile has a maximum range of 150 km and an operating altitude of 10 m - 27 km. 
The anti-ship abilities possessed by the Luzhou class includes eight indigenous YJ-83 (C-803) anti-ship missiles. This anti-ship missile has a range of over and approaches its target in sea skimming mode at a speed of Mach 1.5. As a secondary role, the missile can also be used against land targets.
Guns.
The ship uses two Type 730 CIWS guns for air defence. The Type 730 is a CIWS that is also installed on the Type 052B ("Guangzhou" class) and Type 052C/052D destroyers, and the Type 054A (Jiangkai II-class) frigates. The ship also has 100 mm gun based on a French design for use against surface targets.
Sensors.
The S-300FM missile is guided by the Volna (NATO codename: Tomb Stone) 3D phased-array target tracking radar installed on top of the stern deckhouse. The radar can direct 12 missiles to engage 6 targets simultaneously. Since two radars are required to give 360° coverage, this means that there is a blind gap on Type 051C in full SAM cover in the forward quadrant, resulting in a major tactical restriction.
The air search radar is a Fregat-MAE-5 (NATO reporting name: Top Plate) 3D air search radar mounted at the top of the rear mast, offering two channels in E-band. The radar can track up to 40 targets simultaneously, and has a maximum range of 120 nmi to aircraft and 20 nmi to sea-skimming missile.
There is also a large round radome mounted at the top of the front mast, housing a Type 364 (SR64) surface search radar.
A large round radome installed on top of the bridge houses the Mineral-ME (NATO reporting name: Band Stand) radar that provides anti-ship missile control and over-the-horizon radar acquisition and target designation of surface ships.
There are two indigenous Type 347G (EFR-1) I-band radars integrated with the Type 730 CIWS to provide fire-control.
Propulsion.
The ships are powered by two indigenous steam turbine engines giving them a top speed of 30 knots.

</doc>
<doc id="6922342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922342" title="Balletmaster">
Balletmaster



</doc>
<doc id="6922350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922350" title="Garabed Haytaian">
Garabed Haytaian



</doc>
<doc id="6922352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922352" title="Special forces of Australia">
Special forces of Australia

The special forces of the Australian Defence Force are units of Special Operations Command and associated units of the Royal Australian Navy and the Royal Australian Air Force that conduct and or support special operations to advance and protect the national security of the Commonwealth of Australia. The special forces of Australia have a lineage to a variety of units raised in the Second World War such as the Independent and Commando Companies, Z Special Unit, Navy Beach Commandos, and the Coastwatchers. Australian special forces have most recently been deployed to Iraq in Operation Okra as the Special Operations Task Group, as the Special Operations Task Group in Afghanistan, in Afghanistan in support of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service and regularly for counter-terrorism pre-deploy to locations of major domestic events throughout Australia in readiness to support law enforcement such as the 2014 G20 Brisbane summit.
History.
The special forces of Australia trace their lineage to the commando units such as the Independent and Commando Companies and reconnaissance and intelligence gathering units such as Z Special Unit part of Special Operations Australia (code name Services Reconnaissance Department SRD) and M Special Unit part of the Allied Intelligence Bureau (AIB) raised during World War II. The 1st and 2nd Commando Regiments raised post-war are descendants of the commando companies.
Command and control.
The ultimate authority for the deployment of Australian special forces rests with the National Security Committee through consultation with the Chief of the Defence Force, the Secretary of Defence, and the Australian Intelligence Community. The Special Operations Command is the command responsible for Army special forces, including the Special Air Service Regiment, 1st Commando Regiment and 2nd Commando Regiment. The Chief of Joint Operations and joint task force commanders are responsible for the operational functions of Special Operations Command whilst the Chief of Army is responsible for "raise, train, sustain" functions. The Special Operations Commander Australia reports directly to the Chief of the Defence Force for domestic counter terrorism incidents. The Australian Army definition of special operations is "highly specialised and focused operations performed by specially selected, trained and prepared individuals and teams imbued with a creative mindset capable of producing solutions beyond conventional approaches" and that "these activities are designed to achieve tailored operational, military and national strategic effects beyond those of conventional forces."
Functions and units.
All the Australian Army special forces units have been grouped together under the Special Operations Command (SOCOMD) since December 2002. Clearance divers are under the command of the Navy unless seconded to SOCOMD or joint task forces of the Joint Operations Command and the Air Combat Controllers are under the command of the Air Force unless operational when they are attached to SOCOMD units or joint task forces of the Joint Operations Command.
Direct action, Hostage rescue and Advanced force operations.
The main roles of the 2nd Commando Regiment is to conduct strategic large scale strike and recovery operations beyond the scope and capability of other Australian Defence Force units domestically and abroad. Army doctrine specifies that the role of commando units is to "span the gap between conventional infantry operations and unconventional operations", focusing on advanced force operations and direct action missions. Commando personal can also be inserted via various means including, by air (either by helicopter, Free-Fall or Static Line), land (vehicles, including motorbikes and ATVs) or water (including by submarine, boats and diving).
Long range reconnaissance.
Australian special forces trace their lineage to the long-range reconnaissance units such as the M Special Unit and Z Special Unit and the British Long Range Desert Group for long-range special reconnaissance, surveillance, intelligence and sabotage operations during the Second World War. The SASR is specialist in long-range reconnaissance and SASR typically operates in small patrols of between five and six operators with the task of infiltrating enemy-held territory and providing intelligence on enemy activities and capabilities. During such tasks the SASR seeks to evade rather than confront the enemy. SASR soldiers also direct fire support including air strikes to destroy enemy installations and disrupt or kill enemy forces whenever possible. SASR reconnaissance patrols can be inserted by air (either by helicopter, parachute or high altitude parachute), land (on foot or by vehicle) or water (including by submarine, small boats, kayaks or diving) and have proved capable of covering long distances and staying concealed in jungle, desert and mountain terrain. SASR patrols may also conduct sabotage and short-duration raids on high-value targets, including headquarters, airfields and communications nodes.
Counter-terrorism and special recovery.
A chief role of Australian special forces is conducting and supporting counter-terrorism operations and hostage rescue overseas and when "called out" within Australia in support state and territory police. Dedicated sub-units are established designated as a Tactical Assault Group to respond to counter-terrorist incidents. Tactical Assault Group (West) is formed by the Special Air Service Regiment and Tactical Assault Group (East) is formed by the 2nd Commando Regiment and the Clearance Diving Branch. The Tactical Assault Groups regularly conduct familiarisation exercises in capital cities, participate in 
National Anti Terrorism Exercises and pre-deploy to major domestic event locations in readiness to assume control from law enforcement if requested.
Maritime operations.
The water operations troops in the Special Air Service Regiment are military divers trained as assault swimmers dedicated to maritime special operations and all commandos in the 1st and 2nd Commando Regiments receive amphibious operators training with Zodiac inflatable boats including parachute water insertion. The Clearance Diving Branch is the military diving unit of the Royal Australian Navy that is trained in all manner of military diving (not a dedicated special operations focus) including reconnaissance and shipping raids and sabotage.
Support to special operations.
The Special Operations Engineer Regiment (SOER) (previously called the Incident Response Regiment) provides Special Operations Command with CBRNE response capabilities, combat engineering, mobility and survivability, and ordnance disposal both domestically and on operations overseas.
The Special Operations Logistics Squadron (SOLS) provides Special Operations Command with diverse logistic support both domestically and on operations overseas.
Aviation support.
The 171st Special Operations Aviation Squadron of the Australian Army's 6th Aviation Regiment provides domestic and overseas rotary wing airlift and air mobility for the Special Operations Command including for Tactical Assault Groups. Aviation support to special operations can be traced back to the Royal Australian Air Force's No. 200 Flight during the Second World War.
Air combat control.
The Royal Australian Air Force's No. 4 Squadron B Flight Combat Control Team (CCT) provide air traffic control and forward air control for close air support in support of special operations.
Special forces training.
The Australian Defence Force School of Special Operations, formerly the Special Forces Training Centre, based in Singleton, NSW was established on 1 December 1998 to conduct selection courses for the Special Air Service Regiment, 1st Commando Regiment and 2nd Commando Regiment. The ADF Parachuting School is responsible for providing individual parachute training primarily to Special Operations Command.
Women in the Special forces.
On 1 January 2014, the ADF removed the restriction on currently serving women applying for special forces combat roles and on 1 January 2016 direct entry to combat roles was opened to women. Prior to the change women had served in special forces in non-combat roles. Women have passed the selection course for the Army Reserve 1st Commando Regiment and been awarded a Green Beret. In 1981, Army Reserve signaller Kerri Hiam of 126th Signal Squadron became the first woman to attempt selection, pass selection and be awarded a Green Beret. In 1997, three Army women officers, including intelligence officer Lieutenant Fleur Froggatt, became the first women to complete the 1st Commando Regiment officer selection course with one of the officers awarded a Green Beret. The women were barred from serving in combat roles. A 2012 federal government report stated that female medics had been serving in Afghanistan on patrols with special forces units (the Special Operations Task Group) providing health clinics for local women and girls.
Former units.
Covert Action Directorate.
In 1983, the Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS), Australia's civilian national foreign intelligence agency, established a special forces unit, named the Covert Action Directorate, to develop a special recovery capability. The SASR had recently developed a domestic counter terrorism capability establishing the Tactical Assault Group. The Directorate covertly recruited civilians, who were required to maintain a 'cover', to receive part-time training, including from the ADF and the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO), to conduct overseas counter terrorism operations. The Directorate consisted of members with either an active role or a support role and included a female operative Alexandra Smith a former Royal Australian Air Force intelligence officer. Part-time training was estimated to take two to three years to complete. Training began in March and continued through to November culminating in a three-week exercise held in Sydney and Melbourne. On 30 November 1983, the Directorate held a bungled hostage rescue training exercise at the Sheraton Hotel in Melbourne without proper approvals, including the carriage of firearms, culminating in the public exposure of the unit. The ASIS covert military function approval was subsequently revoked in June 1985, ASIS subject to a Royal Commission investigation and the special recovery role assigned to the SASR.
Notes.
Footnotes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="6922353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922353" title="Yambrasbamba District">
Yambrasbamba District

Yambrasbamba is a district of Bongará Province in Peru. The district occupies an area of 1.715,96 km2. It was created on December 26, 1870, and has a population of approximately 12,000 inhabitants.
The capital of the district is the city of Yambrasbamba, at an elevation of 1,903 meters on above sea level. The city has an attractive ambience with varieties of orchids and large trees. It is crossed by the Imaza River.
The population of the district is primarily rural and of mixed origin. The population devotes themselves to raising cattle, to the production of milk and to the culture of yacón, corn, carrots, swallows and coffee.

</doc>
<doc id="6922357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922357" title="Yambrasbamba">
Yambrasbamba



</doc>
<doc id="6922361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922361" title="Imperial Theatre, Saint John">
Imperial Theatre, Saint John

The Imperial Theatre is a historical theater at King's Square in Saint John, New Brunswick. It was designed by Philadelphia architect Albert Westover and built in 1912 by the Imperial Theatre by the Keith-Albee-Orpheum Corporation vaudeville chain of New York City and their Canadian subsidiary, the Saint John Amusements Company Ltd. It opened to the public on September 19, 1913.
One of Canada's first comedy troupes, The Dumbbells staged several of their first shows there. Many early stars of silent film had their films played in the Imperial, such as Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton, Fatty Arbuckle, Greta Garbo, and Harold Lloyd.
In 1928, the Imperial Theatre became home to Acadia Broadcasting's first commercial radio station. The theatre was designed as a modern adaptation of the Italian Renaissance, and was used both for live vaudeville acts as well as "talkies". In 1929, it was renamed the Capitol Theatre, and like most vaudeville houses across the continent, became a cinema.
From 1957 to 1982, the Imperial Theatre was used as a meeting space by the Full Gospel Assembly. In 1982 the Imperial was abandoned by the religious group.
Renaissance of the Imperial Theatre.
In the mid-1980s, a grass-roots campaign began to save the theatre began with a $1 down-payment (on a $1 million option to purchase the building, with the balance due within one year) by a local taxi driver. By the deadline, over $1.1 million had been raised, most of which was contributed by the citizens of Saint John. This is the reason for the high interest in the Imperial - every individual in the city owns a part of it. Seats in the theatre have the names of contributors.
The theatre has been restored to its 1913 glory, with the original mouldings and intricate plasterwork having been repaired or replicated. The interior of the Imperial has been faithfully re-created. The Imperial has been designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
Technical details.
Imperial Theatre is a fully restored Victorian proscenium arch-type facility. The arch is a spectacular architectural feat, and frames the stage beautifully from all viewing positions.
STAGE DIMENSIONS
Proscenium arch
width: 42’ - 6’
height: 26’ - 2’ (at centre line)
Curtain line to
upstage wall: 42’ - 0’
downstage apron: 3’ - 0’
edge of pit elevator: 11’ - 0’
Centre-line to
stage left clear: 48’ - 6’"
stage right clear: 38’ - 3"
Wing free height
up stage left: 21’ - 6"
down stage left: 27’ - 5"
stage right: 22’

</doc>
<doc id="6922362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922362" title="Fleet Aircraft">
Fleet Aircraft

Fleet Aircraft was a Canadian manufacturer of aircraft from 1928 to 1957.
In 1928, the board of Consolidated Aircraft decided to drop their light trainer aircraft and sold the rights to Brewster Aircraft. Reuben H. Fleet founded Fleet Aircraft in Fort Erie, Ontario, to acquire the foreign rights to these aircraft. Consolidated bought back Fleet Aircraft as a separate division in 1929 and formed Fleet Aircraft of Canada in 1930. The Fleet name was dropped for the Consolidated business name in 1939. Fleet Aircraft of Canada produced the Fleet Finch for the RCAF, and later the Fleet Canuck. Fleet developed a prototype light helicopter, which flew successfully, but was not put into production. Fleet ended aircraft manufacturing operations in 1957. The company was renamed Fleet Aerospace, and operated as a division of Magellan Aerospace.
The Fleet Aerospace division was closed in 2003, and later re-opened as Fleet Canada. The new company was not affiliated with Magellan Aerospace, and it has operated independently since.

</doc>
<doc id="6922365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922365" title="Secrete society">
Secrete society



</doc>
<doc id="6922366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922366" title="Extreme points of Andorra">
Extreme points of Andorra



</doc>
<doc id="6922371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922371" title="Tigon Studios">
Tigon Studios

Tigon Studios is a video game developer owned by One Race Films focused primarily on games featuring actor Vin Diesel, who also founded the company. Following a suspension of development work, Diesel reactivated the company in September 2013. As the name of the company implies, a tigon appears in the logo.
Games.
"" is set before the films "Pitch Black" and "The Chronicles of Riddick". It is a first-person shooter.
"Wheelman" is a driving game developed by Midway Studios Newcastle and published by Ubisoft and Midway Games for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows.
The game is set in an open-world environment modeled after Barcelona, full of destructible objects, alleyways, shortcuts through office blocks and a total of 31 story missions and 105 side missions. While most missions are driving-oriented, there are also foot missions that are played from a third-person perspective and which incorporate a cover system.
"The Chronicles of Riddick: Assault on Dark Athena" is another game in the "Riddick" universe for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows. It also contains a remake of "Escape From Butcher Bay". Vivendi Games, Sierra Entertainment, Tigon Games, Starbreeze Studios and Universal Pictures worked on the project, featuring new content and new features. After the Activision-Blizzard merger, the game was dropped. It has since been picked up by Atari and was released on April 7, 2009.
"Riddick: The Merc Files" is a top-down view stealth-action game where the player controls Riddick, completing various objectives while escaping from mercenaries. Even though the gameplay focuses on stealth, the player has the option to use melee attacks and guns to take down enemies. However, using stealth attacks and remaining undetected generated more points for the player. The game was developed by Gaming Corps in Uppsala/Sweden and released on September 20, 2013, through iTunes for iPhone and iPad.
"Fast &amp; Furious Crossroads" is a racing and action role-playing game based on the "Fast &amp; Furious" film franchise. It is developed by Slightly Mad Studios, a subsidiary studio of the British developer Codemasters, co-developed by Tigon Studios and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment.
In development.
In 2006, "Barca B.C." was developed as a MMORPG. Later, the genre was changed into a third-person action real-time strategy. It is based on the historical Punic Wars of Hannibal Barca. The player controls Hannibal's forces during his historical campaigns against Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="6922374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922374" title="ABoK">
ABoK



</doc>
<doc id="6922383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922383" title="William Hutchings">
William Hutchings

William Edward Colebrooke Hutchings (31 May 1879 – 8 March 1948) was an English amateur cricketer who played in 24 first-class matches for Kent County Cricket Club and Worcestershire County Cricket Club at the turn of the twentieth century. He served in the Army Service Corps attached to the Royal Garrison Artillery during World War I in Egypt and on the Western Front where he was wounded.
Early life.
Hutchings was born at Southborough near Tunbridge Wells in Kent, the oldest son of Edward and Catherine Hutchings. His father was a surgeon and had been a keen cricketer. He was educated at Tonbridge School where he played in the cricket team between 1896 and 1898, captaining the side in his final year at school. He also represented the school at rackets at Queen's Club in 1898.
Cricket career.
Hutchings played in two County Championship matches for Kent County Cricket Club in 1899, making his first-class cricket debut against Gloucestershire at Blackheath in May before playing again against Nottinghamshire later the same week at Catford. He played in three Minor Counties Championship matches for Berkshire County Cricket Club in 1901 but did not reappear in first-class cricket until 1905.
In the 1905 season Hutchings played in ten matches for Worcestershire County Cricket Club, scoring three half-centuries with a highest score of 85 runs, made against Kent at Tunbridge Wells. He played twelve times the following season, but was less successful, averaging under 20 and passing fifty only once.
Military service.
Hutchings volunteered in August 1915 during the First World War. He joined the Army Service Corps, initially as a Private before being commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in September. He served at with the Motor Transport Depot at Grove Park, London, having given his occupation as chauffeur when he enlisted. He spent time at the Holt Caterpillar Section at Aldershot before returning to Grove Park and attached as Road Officer of the 36th Brigade of the Royal Garrison Artillery (RGA), responsible for organising the movement of large artillery pieces.
In 1916 he was posted to the 48th Siege Artillery in Egypt before being transferred to the Western Front in France where he served in the RGA during the Battle of the Somme and throughout 1917 with II Corps Headquarters and with First Army, being promoted to Lieutenant in August and temporary Captain in December. In January 1918 he was wounded in an artillery barrage, having previously suffered from bleeding ears which caused some deafness. He was invalided home and declared unfit for service, relinquishing his commission in July 1919.
Personal life and family.
Hutchings worked for United Brewery at Abingdon-on-Thames in Berkshire and had moved to The Wheatland brewery at Much Wenlock in Shropshire by 1905. He married Winifred Fitzsimmons in 1909. His three brothers all went to Tonbridge and played in the cricket XI, with Frederick and youngest brother Kenneth both playing first-class cricket for Kent – Kenneth also playing in seven Test matches for England. All four brothers served in the First World War, Kenneth being killed in action in 1916 and the others all injured.
He died at The Mount in Prees near Whitchurch in Shropshire in 1948 aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="6922390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922390" title="The Teriyaki Boyz">
The Teriyaki Boyz



</doc>
<doc id="6922391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922391" title="Luka Modric">
Luka Modric



</doc>
<doc id="6922394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922394" title="Nikolai Legat">
Nikolai Legat

Nikolai Gustavovich Legat () (30 December 1869, in Moscow – 24 January 1937, in London) was a ballet dancer, choreographer and teacher.
Life and career.
Nikolai Legat was born to a family of Swedish origin, all of whom were dancers—his father Gustav Legat was a "soloist" of the Imperial Ballet of St. Petersburg and teacher of ballet at the Moscow Theatrical School while his mother Maria Semyonovna Legat (née Granken) was a character dancer. Like his four siblings, the young Nikolai was accepted into the Imperial Ballet School at the age of ten, and during his years there, he counted Marius Petipa, Pavel Gerdt and Christian Johansson among his teachers. Legat graduated in 1888 and was immediately offered a position with the Imperial Ballet in the rank of "sujet" ("soloist"), completely bypassing having to dance in the "corps de ballet". Both he and his younger brother, Sergey, became ballet masters and caricaturists.
Legat is considered to be the main successor to Pavel Gerdt. Legat later served as a ballet master in Russia, teaching and passing on the repertoire of the Imperial ballet company, whose groundwork was the legacy of the great choreographer-ballet master, Marius Petipa. He left Russia with his third wife, Nadine, in 1922 and eventually settled in England in 1926. The couple opened their first ballet school in Kent. They were later able to start classes in Hammersmith, London. Among their notable pupils were Ninette de Valois and Margot Fonteyn.
Legat's wife, Nadine Nicolaeva, was a "ballerina" of the Imperial and State theatres of Moscow and St. Petersburg. She choreographed dances based on the Movements Exercises of Gurdjieff and later founded the Legat School of Ballet in Kent. One of her students was Anneliese von Oettingen. Nadine Nicolaeva-Legat was a follower of P. D. Ouspensky. She choreographed dances based on the Movements Exercises of G. I Gurdjieff. In 1938, Ouspensky and his followers acquired Colet House in London, from Nadine Legat, where they established the Historico-Psychological Society.
Legat's granddaughter, Tatiana Legat (1934–2022) was a Soviet and Russian ballerina, soloist in Leningrad Kirov Ballet (Mariinsky Theatre, St. Petersburg, Russia) and ballet pedagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="6922396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922396" title="Selvaggina, Go Back into the Woods">
Selvaggina, Go Back into the Woods

Selvaggina, Go Back into the Woods is a live album by Coil, originally released in CD-R format in a limited edition of 230 copies. The release is a live performance in Jesi, Italy, on 11 July 2004.
Release.
Selvaggina was released in a sleeve identical to that of "Coil Presents Time Machines", "Megalithomania!", and the original version of "Black Antlers".
Background.
Tracks 1-3 and 5-7 were released as studio versions with slightly augmented titles on "Black Antlers". "Bang Bang" has not been given a studio release by Coil. "Tattooed Man" was later remade and released on "The Ape of Naples". The live version of "Amethyst Deceivers" on this album is most similar to the versions released on "The Ape of Naples" and "Live Two".
For this performance, Coil were John Balance, Peter Christopherson and Thighpaulsandra.
Track listing.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6922398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922398" title="Marvel Action Hour">
Marvel Action Hour



</doc>
<doc id="6922403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922403" title="Carman-Ainsworth High School">
Carman-Ainsworth High School

Carman-Ainsworth High School is a high school in Flint Township, Michigan, United States. It is the only high school in the Carman-Ainsworth Community School district. CLOSED Tomorrow on Good Friday 
History.
Carman High School opened in 1967. In 1986, the Ainsworth High School student population was combined with Carman and adopted its current name, while Ainsworth became what is now Carman-Ainsworth Middle School.
Demographics.
Flint Carman-Ainsworth High School profile 2012-2013

</doc>
<doc id="6922409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922409" title="Extreme points of Armenia">
Extreme points of Armenia



</doc>
<doc id="6922412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922412" title="Soviet Encyclopedia">
Soviet Encyclopedia



</doc>
<doc id="6922417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922417" title="Bethel, me">
Bethel, me



</doc>
<doc id="6922419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922419" title="Charlestown High School (Indiana)">
Charlestown High School (Indiana)

Charlestown High School is a public high school located in Charlestown, Indiana. The school serves students in grades 9 through 12 from Charlestown, Otisco and Marysville. The current principal is William Eihusen.
History.
On November 14, 2006, the Greater Clark County Schools board voted 7–0 to build a new Charlestown High School. The new school would consist of 100 acres (as opposed to the current building's 30-40 acres) and is intended to educate 900 to over 1000 students. Students were officially allowed into the new Charlestown High School on January 4, 2010. The whole school was expected to be finished by no later than 2011. The last basketball game played in Charlestown High School's Dunn Arena was on February 26, 2010, the arena was 55 years old. It was torn down along with many other parts of the original school for the new schools construction.
The new state-of-the-art facility includes a massive Wireless Internet network, a smart board in every classroom, a new athletic complex, new baseball and softball fields, a much larger cafeteria, a much larger library, and could hold a total of 1050 students. Many of the lights within the school include motion sensors as well. The school also included its own filtration system which is said to have some of the cleanest water in the City of Charlestown. There were also many features that made the school energy efficient. The school officially held its 'Dedication Ceremony' and allowed tours of the new high school to the public on October 31, 2010, and the new high school was almost 100% complete at that time. Many people who had gone to the school when it was originally built, back in the mid-1950s, attended the event and were quite pleased with all of the changes made within the school.
One to One Initiative.
On November 3, 2010, the school began its one-to-one computer initiative, where every student in the school was issued an Apple MacBook computer to be used during school. Students also had the choice to take the laptops home if they paid the insurance for them. Students on free or reduced lunch got lower costs on insurance as well. Soon after, Charlestown Middle School used this program in their classrooms.
After the initiative was launched, there were many notable changes in the school's curriculum. There were many new technology courses offered as well as certifications. Many students changed from using text books in every class to using online textbooks and teachers began to use digital copies of assignments and study guides within their classrooms. A notable thing for the 2010 School Year was the fact that the graduation rate went up a substantial amount, and was up to almost 80%. College application rates went up as well. Though this could have also had a bit to do with the new lesson plans and initiatives teachers implemented within the school.
Since 2012, neither Charlestown High School or Charlestown Middle School continued with the use of the Apple MacBook computer, selling most of the ones that weren't damaged. This is expected to be the end of the One to One Initiative. However, Greater Clark County Schools has since adopted the program and distribute Chromebooks every year since the 2013–2014 school year. Over 90% of Charlestown's Seniors had applied to college, been accepted into a vocational program or enlisted to a military branch.

</doc>
<doc id="6922449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922449" title="Cluster lizard">
Cluster lizard



</doc>
<doc id="6922461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922461" title="Dacliximab">
Dacliximab



</doc>
<doc id="6922464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922464" title="Novoazovsky Raion">
Novoazovsky Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6922472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922472" title="Jumbilla District">
Jumbilla District

Jumbilla is a district of Bongará Province, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6922473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922473" title="Alfred Molimard">
Alfred Molimard

Alfred Molimard (October 29, 1888 in Serres, Hautes-Alpes – January 25, 1943) was a draughts grandmaster from France.
He joined a group devoted to the game in Lyon in 1907 and by 1909 was the champion of the town. He initially tended to lose against Isidore Weiss, but by 1912 he was the European champion in the game. In the same year he received his doctorate in medicine.
He became less active in the game in the 1920s and after 1928 was primarily a teacher. He died from a cerebral hemorrhage on January 25, 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="6922481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922481" title="Harvard Law School Public Interest Auction">
Harvard Law School Public Interest Auction



</doc>
<doc id="6922486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922486" title="Extreme points of Azerbaijan">
Extreme points of Azerbaijan

This is a list of the extreme points of Azerbaijan, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location.
Latitude and longitude.
Azerbaijan.
This section includes only the central contiguous section of Azerbaijan.
Nakhchivan.
This section includes only the exclave of Nakhchivan.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6922491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922491" title="Safiyya">
Safiyya



</doc>
<doc id="6922495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922495" title="Safiyah">
Safiyah



</doc>
<doc id="6922508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922508" title="Chicago Historical Society">
Chicago Historical Society



</doc>
<doc id="6922510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922510" title="Fresno Adult School">
Fresno Adult School

Fresno Adult School, formerly Fresno Tech, is a public school located at the Cesar E. Chavez Adult Education Center operated by the Fresno Unified School District (FUSD) in Fresno, California. The school was constructed on the site of the first public junior college in California.

</doc>
<doc id="6922513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922513" title="St Richard Gwyn Catholic High School, Barry">
St Richard Gwyn Catholic High School, Barry

St Richard Gwyn Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic comprehensive secondary school in Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.
It is named after the Welsh martyr St. Richard Gwyn. It is co-educational, and educates boys and girls from 11 to 16 years. Pupils wishing to study at Sixth Form usually attend St David's Catholic College .
Its feeder schools include St Helen's Primary School, Barry, and St Joseph's Primary School, Penarth.
The school was originally named St Cadoc's until the name was changed in 1987. The school also moved from Coldbrook Road, Dinas Powys, to Argae Lane, Vale of Glamorgan.
As of 2005, enrolment was 548, a school record, and further growth was projected. Demand for places had exceeded supply in every year since 2000.
The governing body has around 21 governors, some from the Archdiocese of Cardiff-Menevia.

</doc>
<doc id="6922515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922515" title="Žitomislić Monastery">
Žitomislić Monastery

The Žitomislić Monastery (, ) is а Serbian Orthodox monastery dedicated to the Annunciation and located near Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
History.
Building.
In 1566 the Ottoman Empire, as represented by the kadija (qadi) in Nevesinje, granted the Miloradović-Hrabren family a permit to build monastery at Žitomislić over the ruins of an older church. The monastery took more than forty years to complete with the first reference to monks at Žitomislić in 1606. The monastery boasted a highly artistic iconostasis, and housed a scriptorium of considerable activity and renown in its time. At the height of its existence the monastery was supported by large land holdings worked by the monks themselves.
Modern history.
Early in the 19th century, the prior, Simeon Miljković, took on improvements to the monastery that included guest quarters, local water, and a new vineyard. A seminary was opened in 1858. The entire brotherhood of Žitomislić monastery was arrested by the Croatian fascist Ustasha on 26 June 1941, and driven to the village of Blizanci, where they were tortured and killed, some being thrown alive into the Vidonja cave-pit.
The monastery was plundered and the entire compound was destroyed with the sole exception of the monastery church. The bodies of the monks were recovered from the pit in 1990 and buried on 3 February 1991, with Serbian Patriarch Pavle (Paul) officiating at the service.
In 1992, Žitomislić was destroyed by the Croatian Defence Council (HVO) as part of the ongoing warfare after the collapse of Yugoslavia.
At that time the library contained dozens of old manuscripts from the 16th and 17th centuries including a small archive of Turkish documents. The treasury was plundered and the buildings, including the cemetery were dynamited and bulldozed to the ground. The stones were left where they fell, however, and when reconstruction of Žitomislić officially began in April 2002, its prior architecture was meticulously reconstructed. In May 2005, the regular session of the Holy Assembly of Bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church began in the fully restored Žitomislić Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="6922516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922516" title="Lamoka Lake">
Lamoka Lake

Lamoka Lake, previously known as Mud Lake, is a small crescent-shaped lake in the western part of New York state. The lake is located at the border of Schuyler County and Steuben County. Most of the lake is in Schuyler County with only a small part, called "Mill Pond," at the southwest corner in Steuben County.
North of Lamoka Lake is another lake called Waneta Lake, previously known as "Little Lake", which is linked to Lamoka Lake by a short channel. Both Lamoka Lake and Waneta Lake are east of Keuka Lake, one of the Finger Lakes, however they are not part of the Finger Lakes drainage system. While the Finger Lakes drain north into the St. Lawrence River system, Lamoka and Waneta Lakes drain south into Mill Pond, then Mud Creek, and then to the Cohocton River in the Susquehanna River system.
The area is the location of a significant archeological site, the Lamoka site, which, according to the National Park Service, "provided the first clear evidence of an Archaic hunting and gathering culture in the Northeastern United States (c.3500 BC)". The site was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
Fishing.
The lake is well-stocked with a variety of fish, including several species of panfish. Public boat launching ramps are available for each lake. Fish species present in the lake include pickerel, muskellunge, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, common sunfish, bluegill, rock bass, black crappie, yellow perch, brown bullhead, and carp. There is access via a concrete ramp boat launch into the channel between Lamoka Lake and Waneta Lake, located off County Route 23.
History.
The Lamoka culture was a late Archaic period native culture that subsisted primarily by hunting and gathering. The Lamoka People lived in central New York and northern Pennsylvania from about 3500 to 1300 BCE.
Archaeological excavations at the Lamoka site – which was named a National Historic Landmark in 1961 – revealed that they lived part of the year in small houses. Tool survival indicates that hunting and fishing were important activities.
Geography.
Lamoka Lake is located at , in the Towns of Tyrone and Orange in Schuyler County, and Bradford in Steuben County. The lake is northeast of Bath and northwest of Watkins Glen.
New York State Route 226 passes close by the eastern shore of the lake.
Communities
Physiography.
The surface of the lake is above sea level and the maximum depth is . The total surface area is , bounded by about of shoreline. The water is slightly alkaline.

</doc>
<doc id="6922519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922519" title="Ivan Khristoforovich Bagramian">
Ivan Khristoforovich Bagramian



</doc>
<doc id="6922520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922520" title="Arnold W. G. Kean">
Arnold W. G. Kean

Arnold Wilfred Geoffrey Kean (29 September 1914 – 18 January 2000) is an English lawyer most noted for his contribution to the development of civil aviation law.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Salford, in Lancashire, England, on September 29, 1914. Educated at Blackpool Grammar School, Kean read law at Queens' College, Cambridge where he was President of the Union and took a double first. He then won a Commonwealth Fund Fellowship and continued his studies at Harvard Law School. He returned to England in 1938 and was called to the Bar with a certificate of honor in 1939.
War Years.
Rejected for active service, he spent the war years as a lawyer for the British Purchasing Commission in New York and Washington, obtaining American supplies for the war effort.
The Treasury.
Shortly after the War ended he returned to London and entered the Treasury Solicitor's Department, working first for the Ministry of Transport and eventually retiring as Legal Adviser and Secretary to the Civil Aviation Authority. He died in Harrow, England, on January 18, 2000.
Career.
His principal work, to which he devoted 40 years of his professional life, was the orderly development of civil aviation law. He played a significant role in the preparation of international conventions to combat hijacking and the criminal use of plastic explosives and was instrumental in the drafting of countless agreements to prevent offensive acts affecting aviation and to regulate the leasing and chartering of planes. He lectured in international law at University College London, (of which he was an Honorary Fellow) and abroad, educating an entire generation of specialists, and also to civil servants on the functions of the legal branch of the civil service at the Civil Service College, Sunningdale.
After retirement, Kean served as a member and President of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and assisted a number of developing states in drafting their air laws. A witty and entertaining lecturer with interests in classical music, stamps, and gardening, he held many appointments, awards and offices throughout his career. He was awarded the CBE in 1977, the Edward Warner Award, the highest honor in civil aviation, and the King Christian X Liberation Medal for wartime services to Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="6922528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922528" title="Sean duggan">
Sean duggan



</doc>
<doc id="6922532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922532" title="Near ir spectroscopy">
Near ir spectroscopy



</doc>
<doc id="6922545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922545" title="The Other Change of Hobbit">
The Other Change of Hobbit

The Other Change of Hobbit (sometimes abbreviated TOCOH) is a science fiction and fantasy bookstore, formerly located in Berkeley, California and then El Cerrito; it no longer has a physical location. It was founded in 1977, the same weekend that "Star Wars" opened. It has been the site of numerous author appearances. The founding partners were science fiction fans Dave Nee, Debbie Notkin, and Tom Whitmore. The store is named after the Hobbits from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings".
History.
Nee, Notkin, and Whitmore had formed The Portable Bookstore in 1974 to sell books to members of the science fiction fan organization named after the fictional Elves, Leprechauns, Gnomes, and Little Men's Chowder &amp; Marching Society. As they sold books at Westercon in 1976, Sherry Gottlieb, founder of A Change of Hobbit (then in Westwood, later in Santa Monica, California), suggested that they open a store in Berkeley. Gottlieb's store was known in fandom for its events—such as hosting Harlan Ellison in its window, writing a story—and Gottlieb offered the store's name to her Berkeley colleagues, so long as it was a little different.
The store opened in a retail arcade off Telegraph Avenue in May 1977, the same weekend that Star Wars opened in theatres. The store moved to Downtown Berkeley in 1993, at 2020 Shattuck near Addison. The Shattuck Avenue store, operated from April 1993 to April 2010, was in a three-story building built around 1905. The second floor, known to the staff as Shelob's lair, was the store office. The main street level was the bookstore and Nee's toy collection. Downstairs in the basement storage were thousands more books. The store window displayed Poul Anderson's typewriter and desk, donated by his wife, Karen Anderson, after Poul's death in 2001. For several years, the window also held Whitmore's Hugo Award for co-chairing Worldcon in 2001.
Notkin dropped out of the partnership in 1994, a year after the store moved to Shattuck Avenue, and Jan Murphy entered the partnership. Whitmore has since also left the partnership.
The store set up a website in January 1995, one of the earliest science fiction/fantasy websites in existence.
The store struggled financially during the economic downturns of the early third millennium, and Nee cited the closing of Alameda Air Station as an additional economic impact on local bookstores. Nee noted the general decline of bookstores in the Berkeley area over the decades: "In 1977, Berkeley had the heaviest density of booksellers in the world—except maybe London! In those days—within three miles of campus. We've watched it all disappear." In 2008, the Bay Area still supported three separate science fiction and fantasy bookstores.
In early 2010, The Other Change of Hobbit received an eviction notice, as the building at 2020 Shattuck had been sold, and the new owners hoped to put a restaurant in the space. In April 2010, the store relocated to a large, single-story building at 3264 Adeline Street. Fantasy writer Peter S. Beagle put together a series of benefit sales, of works related to his novel "The Last Unicorn", the film version, and a work by Avram Davidson, to help with the finances of the move.
The store reported receiving an eviction notice in 2013, and relocated again, this time to a site on Kearney Street in El Cerrito, CA.
As of July 16, 2014, the store has vacated the Kearney Street address.
Author appearances.
The store has hosted hundreds of author appearances. Authors who have read, signed books, and spoken at TOCOH include Neil Gaiman, Tanya Huff, Clive Barker, Terry Pratchett, Roger Zelazny, Anne McCaffrey, Harlan Ellison, C. J. Cherryh, Jane Fancher, Katherine Kurtz, Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, Joe Haldeman, Poul and Karen Anderson, Gordon Dickson, Octavia Butler, Thomas M. Disch, Michael Bishop, Greg Bear, Gregory Benford, David Brin, Joanna Russ, Marion Zimmer Bradley, Madeleine L'Engle, artists Leo and Diane Dillon, Vonda N. McIntyre, Jane Yolen, musician/author Greg Kihn, Cecelia Holland, Kim Stanley Robinson, Pat Murphy, Sean Stewart, Cory Doctorow, David Weber, Terri Windling, Laurell K. Hamilton, and John Varley. Author appearances in 2010-2011 included Seanan McGuire, Clare Bell, Anne Harris, Richard Kadrey, Chelsea Quinn Yarbro, Claude Lalumière, Cecelia Holland, and Brian and Wendy Froud.
The store has a large collection of author signatures from over the years of appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="6922546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922546" title="Scum of the Earth (song)">
Scum of the Earth (song)

"Scum of the Earth"is a song by heavy metal musician Rob Zombie. It was originally featured on the "" soundtrack and later included on Zombie's album, "The Sinister Urge" as the lead single. It found considerable radio play upon release.
The song features an intense chorus featuring heavy guitars and a repetitive "hey!" chant. The final chorus culminates with female background vocals.
Rob Zombie guitarist Riggs formed a band in 2003, sharing the name with this song.

</doc>
<doc id="6922548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922548" title="List of Gadjah Mada University people">
List of Gadjah Mada University people

Notable people and alumni of Gadjah Mada University.

</doc>
<doc id="6922549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922549" title="Mary kiani">
Mary kiani



</doc>
<doc id="6922552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922552" title="Statement of owners' equity">
Statement of owners' equity



</doc>
<doc id="6922553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922553" title="Charles Pybus">
Charles Pybus



</doc>
<doc id="6922556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922556" title="List of extreme points of Belarus">
List of extreme points of Belarus

This is a list of the extreme points of Belarus, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location.

</doc>
<doc id="6922558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922558" title="NR 25 mine">
NR 25 mine

The NR 25 is a circular Dutch steel cased anti-tank blast mine. It is broadly similar in appearance to the German Tellermine 43, although it is larger. The mine has a central domed pressure plate, underneath which is an NR-29 mechanical pressure fuze, which is inserted into a fuze well. A doughnut-shaped main charge surrounds a central booster charge. Two secondary fuze wells are provided on the side and base of the mine, for anti-handling devices.
The mine is in service with the Royal Netherlands Army and is found in Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="6922564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922564" title="Arnaud de Villeneuve">
Arnaud de Villeneuve



</doc>
<doc id="6922568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922568" title="Hammersmith Creek">
Hammersmith Creek

Hammersmith Creek was an outflow river of the Stamford Brook, and used to run through what is now King Street, into the River Thames at the present-day site of Furnivall Gardens in Hammersmith.
In 1936, after the decline of the creek harbour, the creek was filled in and the water channelled through an underground culvert.
History.
Origins
Hammersmith Creek was once the mouth of Stamford Brook, running from King Street into the River Thames, separating the Lower Mall and Upper Mall.
In 1677, the Hammersmith Quaker Meeting House was built on the eastern bank of the creek on 28 Lower Mall. The house was later rebuilt in 1765.
High Bridge
In 1751, a wooden foot-bridge spanning the creek named the High Bridge (also known as the Bishop's Bridge) was built by Bishop Thomas Sherlock. The bridge was rebuilt several times, by Bishop William Howley in 1820 and Bishop Charles Blomfield in 1837. By 1915, The bridge converged four old footpaths or bridle paths (Lower Mall and Aspen Place on the east and Upper Mall and Bridge Street on the west).
Riverside development
Until the early 19th century the creek was navigable for nearly a mile northward and was used for cargo transportation and a growing fishing industry, but successive embankment of the river contracted this length. The western bank was occupied by kilns, stables and malt houses which formed part of the Hammersmith Brewery (also known as Cromwell’s Brewery) founded by Joseph Cromwell in 1780. The eastern bank was occupied by wharves, warehouses and the Phoenix Lead Mills.
The creek was the scene of much industry in an area or slum known as Little Wapping, after Wapping, Tower Hamlets. Writing in 1839, English topographer Thomas Faulkner described the area:"Nearly in the centre of this Mall are several fishermen's huts, called Little Wapping, which detracts much from the respectability of this part of the village"
Writing in 1876, English antiquary James Thorne described the creek:"a dirty little inlet of the Thames, which is crossed by a wooden footbridge, built originally by Bishop Sherlock in 1751 … the region of squalid tenements bordering the Creek having acquired the cognomen of Little Wapping, probably from its confined and dirty character."Writing in 1881, English textile designer and poet William Morris described Little Wapping:“"As I sit at my work at home, which is at Hammersmith, close to the river, I often hear go past the window some of that ruffianism of which a good deal has been said in the papers of late. As I hear the yells and shrieks, and all the degradation cast on the glorious tongue of Shakespeare and Milton, as I see the brutal, reckless faces and figures go past me, it rouses the recklessness and brutality in me also, and fierce wrath takes possession of me, till I remember, as I hope I mostly do, that it was my good luck only of being born respectable and rich that has put me on this side of the window among delightful books and lovely works of art, and not on the other side and the empty street, the drink-steeped liquor-shops, the foul and degraded lodgings.”
Culverting.
In the early 20th century, the area suffered after the decline of the fishing industry in the creek harbour. The 1913 annual report of the Hampshire House Trust described the area:"‘One of London’s poorer and apparently more hopeless districts is situated in the alleys, unpenetrated by any road, which lie between King Street and the river…and Hog Lane and Waterloo Street…The inhabitants are costers, flowersellers, casual labourers, chronic invalids; mothers habitually tired; and children, children, children…The housing accommodation is what you might expect. In one street there is one water-closet to four houses…in another the costers’ donkeys are led through the houses entering at the front door, and going along the passages, to the hovels in the yards at the back."As part of the Housing, Town Planning, &amp;c. Act 1919, the Hammersmith Borough Council aimed to clear the area for new housing through the Southern Improvement Scheme, conceived in 1919. In 1927, the council bought the area around the creek for £8,000. In 1936, the creek was filled in and the water channelled through an underground culvert, partly beneath the present location of Hammersmith Town Hall.
When Hammersmith Town Hall was built in 1938–9, architect Ernest Berry Webber incorporated two colossal heads of Father Thames in commemoration that the building stands astride the old creek.
On 5 May 1951, Furnivall Gardens and the nearby Hammersmith Pier opened on the site. Today, only a small drainage tunnel, visible from the Dove Pier, remains as evidence of the creek. The High Bridge is still marked by a raised hump in the gardens and a flowerbed.
Course.
John Rocque's maps of London, produced in 1746, shows the creek running south from what is now North Acton Playing Fields towards Gunnersbury House, directly east past Berrymead Priory, belonging to the Duke of Kingston, towards Ravenscourt House in Ravenscourt Park and then south through King Street to meet the River Thames at what is now Furnivall Gardens.
Toponymy.
In 1839, Thomas Faulkner proposed that Hammersmith Creek gave name to the parish of Hammersmith, originating from two Saxon words: the creek constituting the ancient "Hyth", or harbour, with the additional cognomen of "Ham" or "Hame." However, others have suggested Hammersmith may mean "(Place with) a hammer smithy or forge".

</doc>
<doc id="6922578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922578" title="How Far To Asgaard">
How Far To Asgaard



</doc>
<doc id="6922580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922580" title="UN (band)">
UN (band)

UN (also known as United N-generation) was a Korean musical group from South Korea under NH Media (then NH Planning). It consisted of two members: Choi Jung-won and Kim Jeong-hoon. They released 5 albums from 2000 to 2005. "For a Lifetime", a single from their first album, was their first significant hit.
Information.
In 1999, the two members, who are both from the top universities in Korea, formed UN but it wasn't until June 2000 that they released their first album.
In September 2005, 5 years after their debut and 5 albums later, their management agency, Laful Entertainment, announced that the duo would disband after the expiration of their contract.

</doc>
<doc id="6922581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922581" title="Blue Rodeo Live in Stratford">
Blue Rodeo Live in Stratford

Live in Stratford is the generic name given to two "official bootleg" albums recorded by Blue Rodeo in January 2006. Instant Live recorded two concerts held at the Festival Theatre in Stratford, Ontario and burned them onto CDs ready for purchase about 15 minutes after each show. Each album contains two discs.
Details of the shows.
Blue Rodeo's Stratford shows are done differently from their normal concerts; Blue Rodeo performs two sets with an intermission, and there is no opening act. The shows are performed in the Festival Theatre, generally in January when the Stratford Festival is not running. The Stratford concerts are produced by Chris Parson of Standing Ovation Productions of Stratford.
The January 14 show features guest singer Kate Boothman performing the female vocal on "Can't Help Wondering Why". A running joke has Greg and Jim mistakenly calling her "Kate Brickman", based on an incorrect news article about the show.
Bazil Donovan will often sing one song during a concert, and "Stage Door" is his contribution to the Stratford shows.
The James Inveldt song "Crying Over You" is also featured on the "In Stereovision" DVD.
Track listing.
All songs by Greg Keelor and Jim Cuddy unless otherwise mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="6922583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922583" title="Only Wanna Be with You">
Only Wanna Be with You

"Only Wanna Be with You" is a song by American alternative rock band Hootie &amp; the Blowfish. After being included on the group's EP "Kootchypop" (1993), it was released in July 1995 as the third single from their breakthrough album, "Cracked Rear View" (1994). It peaked at number six on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, number one on the "Billboard" Top 40/Mainstream chart, number three on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart, and number two on the "Billboard" Album Rock Tracks chart.
Internationally, "Only Wanna Be with You" topped the Canadian "RPM" 100 Hit Tracks chart for three weeks, becoming Canada's second-most-successful song of 1995. It also found success in Iceland, rising to number four on the Icelandic Singles Chart, and reached the top 40 in Australia and New Zealand. In 2021, American rapper Post Malone released a cover of the song for the 25th anniversary of the "Pokémon" franchise.
Content.
One verse of the song describes "[putting] on a little Dylan". The verse then references songs on Bob Dylan's "Blood on the Tracks," quoting extensively from "Idiot Wind". The song then mentions "Tangled Up in Blue". According to Rucker, Dylan's management were aware of the lyrics and had no problem with them; however, when the song became a hit, they objected. He told "Rolling Stone" that "it never got to the point where we were sued... When we first did that song we sent it to the publishing company and everything was fine. We played it for years and had a really big hit with it. Then they wanted some money, and they got it." VH1 reported that Dylan received an out-of-court settlement in 1995 for $350,000.
Also mentioned in the bridge of the song is a reference, "I'm such a baby 'cause the Dolphins make me cry", alluding to Darius Rucker's favorite sports team, the Miami Dolphins.
Critical reception.
Steve Baltin from "Cash Box" picked "Only Wanna Be with You" as Pick of the Week, writing that "this catchy upbeat gem shows why Hootie &amp; The Blowfish can do no wrong when it comes to the charts." He added, "Hootie’s sound is never more mainstream than it is here, as the rocking and danceable beat is accompanied by a perky chorus of “I only wanna be with you.” Like their previous hit singles, this track will rocket up the charts, gaining huge support from AAA and CHR."
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Only Wanna Be with You", similar to the song, had a sports theme, incorporating many elements from ESPN's "SportsCenter". The video featured appearances by then-current "SportsCenter" anchors Keith Olbermann, Dan Patrick, Mike Tirico, Charley Steiner and Chris Berman, reporting on the band playing in games with several professional athletes, including Dan Marino, Fred Couples, Gary McCord, Alonzo Mourning, Muggsy Bogues, Alex English, Walt Williams, and Charles Smith. Rucker said the video was his idea, adding, "It was just a way to meet all our idols."
A portion of the music video was filmed on the Poolesville Golf Course and Potomac Valley Lodge in Poolesville, Maryland, as well as on the floor of Reckord Armory at the University of Maryland. Additionally, the scenes in which Rucker and Dan Marino are playing catch were filmed on the football field of Hinsdale Central High School in Hinsdale, Illinois.
Post Malone version.
On February 25, 2021, American rapper Post Malone released a cover version for the 25th anniversary of the Japanese media franchise "Pokémon". Malone's version contains samples of music from the video games and the Dolphins reference changed to reflect him being a Dallas Cowboys fan. The cover garnered attention for the unusual circumstances of its release. Hootie and the Blowfish vocalist Darius Rucker gave his approval of the cover on Twitter. "Only Wanna Be with You" is included on the track listing of "Pokémon 25: The Album", released in October 2021 through Capitol Records.

</doc>
<doc id="6922586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922586" title="Frederick Charles Pybus">
Frederick Charles Pybus

Frederick Charles Pybus DCL, FRCS (2 November 1883 – 10 March 1975) was an English surgeon from Newcastle-on-Tyne, who contributed to research into organ transplantation.
Research.
In July 1916, Pybus reported an attempt at allogenic transplantation of pancreatic tissue. Despite a mild reduction in glucose excretion in one of two diabetic patients transplanted with fragments of human cadaveric pancreatic tissue., both patients subsequently died.
Pybus concluded that:...although transplants represented the most rational form of therapy, they would continue to fail as long as science did not understand the principles involved.
He presented his collection of books on the history of medicine to the library of the University of Newcastle upon Tyne.
External links.
The Professor Frederick Pybus Archive and the Professor Frederick Pybus Collection is available to view at Newcastle University Special Collections.

</doc>
<doc id="6922589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922589" title="San Marcos Springs">
San Marcos Springs

San Marcos Springs is the second largest natural cluster of springs in Texas. The springs are located in the city of San Marcos, Texas, about 30 miles (48 km) southwest of Austin and 46 miles (74 km) northeast of San Antonio.
Although Spring Lake is highly protected, it is accessible to visitors through the Meadows Center for Water and the Environment, a program of Texas State University, which offers glass-bottom boat tours among other opportunities to explore and learn about the ecosystem.
Geology.
The San Marcos Springs is an area of artesian outflow from the Edwards Aquifer along the Balcones Escarpment. More than 200 springs flow from three large fissures and other smaller openings in the rock. The springs provide most of the water for the San Marcos River, which flows southward from the springs' location.
The springs have never been known to stop flowing. The average flow is 152 ft³/s (4,300 liters/s); the lowest recorded flow of 46 ft³/s (1,302 L/s) occurred in 1956.
In 1849, former Republic of Texas vice president Edward Burleson built a dam just downstream from the springs; the resulting lake, known as Spring Lake, inundated the springs.
History.
Archaeologists believe that the San Marcos Springs area may be the oldest continually inhabited site in North America, with sediment core evidence of human activity dating back approximately 11,500 years. Excavations at this location uncovered Paleo Indian artifacts dating back as much as 19,000 years. The Coahuiltecan refer to these springs as their origin, and called them "Ajehuac Yana" ("spirit spring"). The Tonkawa called the springs "Canocanayesatetlo" ("warm water"), a reference to the springs' relatively warm 72 °F (22 °C) year-round temperature.
The first Europeans to see the springs were probably members of the Espinosa-Olivares-Aguirre expedition of 1709. Later, the Spanish mission San Xavier and the failed settlement of San Marcos de Neve were situated there. White Americans began settling the area in 1835, and the springs became a major stop on the Chisholm Trail. From 1928 until 1996, a resort and amusement park known as Aquarena Springs was located at the site. Texas State University-San Marcos purchased the surrounding area in 1994, and the site is now known as The Meadows Center for Water and the Environment.
Flora and fauna.
This region is a dividing line for certain species' occurrences. For example, the iconic California Fan Palm, "Washingtonia filifera" is found only west of the Balcones Fault, which runs through San Marcos Springs.
San Marcos Springs is home to eight threatened or endangered species: the Fountain darter, the Texas Blind Salamander, the San Marcos Salamander, the San Marcos Gambusia, Texas Wild Rice, the Comal Springs Dryopid Beetle, the Comal Springs Riffle Beetle, and the Peck's Cave Amphipod. Federal requirements to protect the species' environment, and the resulting demands those requirements place on water from the Edwards Aquifer, have led to several legal and political battles throughout the region.
Pursuant to the Edwards Aquifer Habitat Restoration Plan, researchers and volunteers operating out of the Texas State University Meadows Center for Water and the Environment remove non-native species of aquatic vegetation and re-plant native species such as Texas wild rice, resulting in a 53% increase in Texas wild rice since 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="6922590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922590" title="Asunción District, Chachapoyas">
Asunción District, Chachapoyas

Asunción is a district of the Chachapoyas Province, Peru. The District of Asunción is located in the northern part of the province in Amazonas Region; the capital is the town of Goncha.
The district covers an area of 25.71 km²; the elevation of the district capital is 2,820 above sea level. The climate is moderate to dry moderate cold.
The District of Asunción borders:

</doc>
<doc id="6922600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922600" title="West mesquite high school">
West mesquite high school



</doc>
<doc id="6922601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922601" title="Prisons in New South Wales">
Prisons in New South Wales



</doc>
<doc id="6922612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922612" title="Food &amp; Wine Classic">
Food &amp; Wine Classic



</doc>
<doc id="6922619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922619" title="Fishing admiral">
Fishing admiral

In Newfoundland, a fishing admiral was an office for the control of the fishing fleet given to the first ship to arrive on station. The post was officially recognised under the Western Charter of 1634. The rise of a permanent population necessitating more effective rule resulted in Britain assigning a governor to the island in 1729 and effectively ending importance of the role Fishing Admiral.
History.
The colonization of Newfoundland had failed and the fishing admiral was established as a mechanism to resolve migratory fishing interests of the settler population. The position had customary legal authority since the beginning of the seventeenth century and rank was determined by the order of arrival for the fishing season: the first fishing captain to arrive became the admiral while the second and third assumed the positions of vice and rear admirals, respectively. These personnel were arbitrary men and were also generally ignorant of the law although the position was called upon to "settle all disputes among the fishermen, and enforce due attention to certain acts of parliament." This explained why an account stated that the fishing admirals did not play a significant role in the legal development of the colony.

</doc>
<doc id="6922623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922623" title="Balsas, Peru">
Balsas, Peru



</doc>
<doc id="6922629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922629" title="Masaki Okimoto">
Masaki Okimoto

 (born May 21, 1982) is a Japanese professional wrestler from Neyagawa, Japan; he's a current member of the Michinoku Pro Wrestling roster as . He mainly uses a high-flying style.
Career.
Toryumon (2002-2004).
A former highschool amateur wrestler, Okimoto trained in the Último Dragón Gym and graduated in the 9th Toryumon school class term, debuting in Toryumon Mexico in 2002. He performed under the name of Small Dandy Fujii, a mini version of Toryumon Japan wrestler Sumo Dandy Fujii, and was a part of the Mini Crazy MAX stable along with SUWAcito and Mini CIMA. After a short individual participation in the "Young Dragons Cup 2002", where he was eliminated by Condotti Shuji at the first round, Small Dandy and SUWAcito competed at the "Yamaha Cup" tag tournament, taking out Henry III Sugawara and Naoki Tanizaki at the first round before falling to Sailor Boys (Kei Sato and Shu Sato) at the second. Mini Crazy MAX developed a feud with Sailor Boys, led by Taiji Ishimori, and they kept it when the class term was moved to the Toryumon X promotion in Japan. Fujii was a comedic figure, and in October 2004, he got his head partially shaven by stipulation after being pinned by Manabu Murakami. That would be the last Toryumon X show, and its wrestlers were transferred to Michinoku Pro Wrestling.
He also wrestled in as HUSTLE Kamen Blue, a member of HUSTLE Kamen along HUSTLE Kamen Red and HUSTLE Kamen Yellow.
Michinoku Pro Wrestling (2004-present).
Okimoto's first apparition in M-Pro was at the "Futaritabi Tag Team League", wrestling under the mask of Michinoku Ranger Silver with Michinoku Ranger Gold as his partner, doing a super sentai gimmick not unlike they did in HUSTLE. The duo got important victories over Los Salseros Japoneses (Pineapple Hanai and Mango Fukuda) and Jinsei Shinzaki and Shinjitsu Nohashi, but they did not win the league, which was taken by The Great Sasuke and GARUDA. In December, the team was dissolved and Okimoto adopted the gimmick of Rasse, a masked character representing the Aomori Nebuta Matsuri. He first teamed up with the former Ranger Gold, now known as Shanao, and the two gained a title shot for the Tohoku Tag Titles against Great Sasuke and Dick Togo, but were beaten.
Starting 2005, Rasse formed an alliance with GARUDA, first at the "Michinoku Trios League" (completing the trio with Maguro Ooma) and then in the "Futaritabi Tag Team Tournament", but they were unsuccessful, getting eliminated at the latter by the eventual winning team of Shanao and Kagetora. Rasse spent the year as a low-ranked member of the Michinoku Seikigun against the heel stable Los Salseros Japoneses, though he had some victories, upsetting Kagetora and Gamma during the "Iron Man Tournament". However, he ascended the scale in 2006, reaching the finals of a tournament for the Tohoku Junior Heavyweight title before LSJ leader Takeshi Minamino and actually winning the next "Iron Man" after pinning Hayato Fujita with the Mabataki. Doing this, he won a title short against the next junior heavyweight champion, Osaka Pro Wrestling's Super Delfín, but was defeated. Rasse then returned to the midcard, teaming up with Yoshitsune until end of 2006.
The next year, Rasse teamed up with the recently turned face Kagetora to win the Tohoku Tag Team Championship against Kei and Shu Sato, eventually unifying it with the Osaka Pro Wrestling Tag Team Championship from Hideyoshi and Masamune at the Pro Wrestling Summit 2007 independent event. They retained it successfully for the rest of 2007, even winning the next tag league while having the titles, but they finally lost the two titles against Osaka Pro representatives Gaina and Zero and MPW homologues Great Sasuke and Yoshitsune. The same year, Rasse competed individually at the prestigious "Fukumen World League", but was eliminated at the first round by another Osaka Pro wrestler, Tigers Mask. Now titleless, Rasse struggled through 2008, but despite a good performance at the "Iron Man" and another tag team with Kagetora, he was frustrated. After a failed title shot against Hayato Fujita, now leader of the Kowloon heel stable, Rasse shockingly turned heel and joined them, later pledging his alliance to who revealed as the true leader of the group, their master Último Dragón.
El Dorado Wrestling (2006–2008).
In 2008, Okimoto joined the newborn El Dorado, wrestling as Jumping Kid Okimoto, a masked character dressed in black and white who came to the ring in jumping stilts. He initially was an integrant of the Taiji Ishimori's face army inherited from Dragondoor, but after Ishimori broke from El Dorado and left, Okimoto went solo and feuded with brother YASSHI. Okimoto got the revenge for a loss to him by showing an embarrassing photo of Yasshi in his high school days, as Okimoto and he had been both in the same school, but the brother got it back defeating him again. They then reconciled and resolved to form an amateur wrestling-themed stable, which also featured Yuji Hino and was called Nanking Fucking Wrestling Club. During that time, Okimoto competed both under his real name in said stable, using a realistic, mat wrestling based style, and also as Jumping Kid Okimoto, featuring his common high-flying. After Nanking Fucking Wrestling Club folded up, Okimoto competed solo and unaligned again, and for a second time in Masaki's career he lost a hair vs hair match, this time against Ken45º. In 2008, Jumping Kid Okimoto and KAGETORA fought Speed of Sounds (Tsutomu Oosugi and Hercules Senga) for the vacated UWA Tag Team Championship, but were defeated. Shortly after, El Dorado ended its run.

</doc>
<doc id="6922633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922633" title="Fleet biplane">
Fleet biplane



</doc>
<doc id="6922636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922636" title="Gedong Bagus Oka">
Gedong Bagus Oka

Gedong Bagus Oka (October 3, 1921 – November 14, 2002) was a Hindu reformer and philosopher in Indonesia. She was one of the foremost authorities on Agama Hindu Dharma and started the "Parisada Hindu Dharma Indonesia" movement in the 1980s. She was a recipient of the 1994 Jamnalal Bajaj Award.
Early life.
Gedong was born with the name Ni Wayan Gedong in Karangasem as the daughter of the couple I Komang Layang and Ni Komang Pupuh, a member of the village council. Unlike most females at the time, the young Gedong was given the freedom by her parents to undertake all of her wishes. She was allowed to go to school. So she went to study in Yogyakarta and Jakarta.
At school in Yogyakarta, she had the liberty to study Christianity. Her understanding about Christianity and her birth in the Hindu tradition caused her to befriend Mahatma Gandhi. They discussed Christian and Hindu philosophy.
The understanding about these two religions made her a follower of Hindu spirit, that is "" (non violence) and "satya" (truth).

</doc>
<doc id="6922641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922641" title="Isidore Weiss">
Isidore Weiss

Isidore Weiss (1867 – June 12, 1936) was a Frenchman who won seven world championships for international draughts from 1899 to 1911, a record not surpassed until Alexei Chizhov 85 years later.
In international draughts, the "Coup Weiss" is a refinement of the "Coup de l'Expresse", named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="6922656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922656" title="Masaki okimoto">
Masaki okimoto



</doc>
<doc id="6922658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922658" title="Dolly James">
Dolly James

Dolly James is a British singer-songwriter and session singer. She released several singles in the 1990s and toured internationally with such acts as Simply Red and James Taylor Quartet.
Biography.
Born in Brunei, she began her career singing in local cover bands and being part of a church choir. In her late teens, she performed at the Mandarin Hotel in Singapore before leaving for the United Kingdom. She worked with cabaret bands in Wales and in the West Midlands and later as a session singer in London before pursuing her solo career.
She started writing and recording with various musicians and eventually was signed to Sony Music Publishing. During that time, she also worked as a backing vocalist in Yugoslavia, Norway and most of Europe for Dance with a Stranger, and later Simply Red, on the "New Flame" tour, in the Far East, Europe and the United States. She also appeared with Simply Red on the David Letterman show and numerous other US television programmes. She was later signed to Rondor and A&amp;M Records. She also worked as a backing singer for Belinda Carlisle and Michael Bolton, making numerous UK television appearances.
In 1990, she released a 7-inch single with Andy Sheppard, entitled "Bright Moments", which she performed on Jools Holland's show.
She formed her own band soon after she finished her world tour with Simply Red and won second place in the Yamaha International Musicians at the Marquee in London. Her band also performed at Womad and went on to do a residency at Ronnie Scott's in Birmingham.
She later released a white label single, "Emotions", as well as numerous live and television performances with Driza Bone. In 1992 she released a 12-inch single entitled "Shine Your Light", produced by Ian Lodge. In 2006 she released her first solo album, "The Journey", which was produced by Dan Bull and released on her own Soular UK label.

</doc>
<doc id="6922667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922667" title="Model-based definition">
Model-based definition

Model-based definition (MBD), sometimes called digital product definition (DPD), is the practice of using 3D models (such as solid models, 3D PMI and associated metadata) within 3D CAD software to define (provide specifications for) individual components and product assemblies. The types of information included are geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&amp;T), component level materials, assembly level bills of materials, engineering configurations, design intent, etc. By contrast, other methodologies have historically required accompanying use of 2D engineering drawings to provide such details.
Use of the 3D digital data set.
Modern 3D CAD applications allow for the insertion of engineering information such as dimensions, GD&amp;T, notes and other product details within the 3D digital data set for components and assemblies. MBD uses such capabilities to establish the 3D digital data set as the source of these specifications and design authority for the product. The 3D digital data set may contain enough information to manufacture and inspect product without the need for engineering drawings. Engineering drawings have traditionally contained such information.
In many instances, use of some information from 3D digital data set (e.g., the solid model) allows for rapid prototyping of product via various processes, such as 3D printing. A manufacturer may be able to feed 3D digital data directly to manufacturing devices such as CNC machines to manufacture the final product.
Limited Dimension Drawing.
Limited Dimension Drawing (LDD), sometimes Reduced Dimension Drawing, are 2D drawings that only contain critical information, noting that all missing information is to be taken from an associated 3D model. For companies in transition to MBD from traditional 2D documentation a Limited Dimension Drawing allows for referencing 3D geometry while retaining a 2D drawing that can be used in existing corporate procedures. Only limited information is placed on the 2D drawing and then a note is placed to notify manufactures they must build off the 3D model for any dimensions not found on the 2D drawing.
Standardization.
In 2003, ASME published the ASME Y14.41 "Digital Product Definition Data Practices", which was revised in 2012 and again in 2019. The standard provides for the use of many MBD aspects, such as GD&amp;T display and other annotation behaviors within 3D modelling environment. ISO 16792 standardizes MBD within the ISO standards, sharing many similarities with the ASME standard. Other standards, such as ISO 1101 and of AS9100 also make use of MBD.
In 2013, the United States Department of Defense released MIL-STD-31000 Revision A to codify the use of MBD as a requirement for technical data packages (TDP).

</doc>
<doc id="6922671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922671" title="Burning deck">
Burning deck



</doc>
<doc id="6922674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922674" title="Gatighan">
Gatighan

The isle of Gatighan was a way station of the Armada de Molucca under Captain-General Ferdinand Magellan on their way to Cebu in Central Philippines. The location of Gatighan has not been conclusively determined.
Etymology.
The word Gatighan comes from the Visayan "katigan" meaning a boat with outrigger or, as verb, to outfit a boat with outrigger.
Documentation in Armada de Molucca's logbook.
The logbook states that the fleet left the west port of Mazaua early morning of Thursday, April 4, 1521. According to Pigafetta, they took a northwest track, however Albo claims they took at northern track. The ships sailed to reach Gatighan at 10° N in 11–13 hours.
During the brief stop on the island, Pigafetta documented the island's fauna: "In this island of Gatighan are a kind of birds called Barbastigly (flying fox), who are as large as eagles. Of which we killed a single one, because it was late, which we ate, and it had the taste of a fowl. There are also in that island pigeons, doves, turtledoves, parrots, and certain black birds as large as a fowl, with a long tail. They lay eggs as large as those of a goose, which they bury a good cubit deep under the sand in the sun, and so they are hatched by the great heat made by the warm sand. And when those birds are hatched they emerge. And those eggs are good to eat."
On Pigafetta's map, Gatighan is the only island mass that straddles between two huge islands, Bohol and Ceylon/Seilani (Panaon Island, the south most end of Leyte). It is almost exactly at the 10° N latitude, reference point of Albo for Gatighan.
Attempts to locate the island.
Despite many attempts to determine which island was referred to as Gatighan, opinions still vary on the issue. Theories include:
Amoretti switches Gatighan with Mazaua.
Carlo Amoretti, the Augustinian encyclopedist, was director of a library in Milan. In 1797 he discovered the lost handwritten Ambrosiana manuscript of Pigafetta, one of four remaining manuscripts and the only one in Italian (the rest being French). Amoretti transcribed it and published his edition, complete with notes, in 1800. In one of his notes he said Pigafetta's Mazaua may be Bellin's Limasawa, unaware that Limasawa/Dimasawa was in fact a complete negation of what Amoretti is asserting.
Amoretti states that Limasawa and Mazaua are in the same latitude. It has been since determined that Limasawa is in 9° 56' N, whereas three different latitudes (Pigafetta's 9° 40' N, Albo's 9° 20' N, and the Genoese Pilot's 9° N) have been claimed for the location of Mazaua.
Sources.
Albo, Francisco. 1522. "Log-Book of Francisco Alvo or Alvaro". In: "The First Voyage Round the World". Lord Stanley of Alderley (ed. and trans.). Ser. I, Vol. II, London 1874, pp. 211–236.
Brand, Donald D. 1967. "Geographical explorations by the Spaniards." In: "The Pacific Basin, A History of Its Geographical Explorations". Herman R. Friis (ed.). New York. pp. 109–144, 362-375.
Colín, Francisco. 1663. "Labor evangelica de los obreros de la Compañia de Jesús, fundacióon y progresos de Islas Filipinas". Pablo Pastells (ed.), 3 vols. Barcelona 1900.
Combés, Francisco. 1667. "Historia de las islas de Mindanao, Iolo y sus adyacentes". W.E. Retana (ed.) Madrid 1897.
de Jesus, Vicente C. (2002). Mazaua Historiography. Retrieved February 27, 2007, from MagellansPortMazaua mailing list: --
Denuce, Jean. 1911. "La Question des Moluques et la Premiìre Circumnavigation du Globe". Brussels.
Genoese Pilot. 1519. "Navegaçam e vyagem que fez Fernando de Magalhães de Seuilha pera Maluco no anno de 1519 annos". In: "Collecção de noticias para a historia e geografia das nações ultramarinas, que vivem nos dominios Portuguezes, ou lhes sao visinhas". Lisboa 1826. pp. 151–176.
Guillemard, Francis Henry Hill. 1890. "The Life of Ferdinand Magellan and the First Circumnavigation of the Globe: 1480-1521". New York.
Herrera, Antonio de. 1601. "Historia general de los hechos de los Castellanos en las islas y tierrafirme del mar oceano, t. VI". Angel Gonzalez Palencia (ed.). Madrid 1947.
Morison, Samuel Eliot. 1974. "The European Discovery of America: The Southern Voyages 1492-1616". New York.
Murillo, Pedro Velarde. 1752. "Geografia historica de las islas Philippinas...t. VIII". Madrid.
Pigafetta, Antonio. 1524. Various editions and translations:
--1524a. "Magellan's Voyage", Vol. II. R.A. Skelton (ed. and trans.) "Nancy-Libri-Phillipps-Beinecke-Yale codex". New Haven 1969.
--1524b. "Primo viaggio intorno al globo terracqueo, ossia ragguaglio della navigazione...fatta dal cavaliere Antonio Pigafetta...ora publicato per la prima volta, tratto da un codice MS. Della biblioteca Ambrosiana di Milano e corredato di note da Carlo Amoretti". Milan 1800.
--1524c. "Il primo viaggio intorno al globo di Antonio Pigafetta". In: "Raccolta di Documenti e Studi Publicati dalla. Commissione Colombiana". Andrea da Mosto (ed. and tr.). Rome 1894.
--1524d. "Le premier tour du monde de Magellan". Léonce Peillard (ed. and transcription) Manuscript 5,650. France 1991.
--1524e. "Magellan's Voyage", 3 vols. James Alexander Robertson (ed. and tr.) Ambrosiana Codex. Cleveland 1906.
--1524f. "The First Voyage Round the World by Magellan". Lord Stanley of Alderley (ed. &amp; tr.) Manuscript 5,650 collated with Ambrosiana and Nancy-Yale codices. London 1874.
--1524g. "The First Voyage Around the World (1519-1522)". Theodore J. Cachey Jr. (ed. Based on English text of J.A. Robertson) New York 1995.
--1524h. "Pigafetta: Relation du premier voyage autour du monde...Edition du texte français d'après les manuscripts de Paris et de Cheltenham". Jean Denucé (ed. and transcription of Manuscript 5,650 collated with Mss. Ambrosiana, Nancy-Yale and 24,224) Anvers 1923.
--1524i. "The First Voyage Round the World by Magellan". Lord Stanley of Alderley (ed. and tr. of Ms. fr. 5,650 collated with Ambrosiana Ms). London 1874, pp. 35–163.
Ramusio, Gian Battista. 1550. "La Detta navigatione per messer Antonio Pigafetta Vecentino". In: "Delle navigationi e viaggi..." Venice: pp. 380–98.

</doc>
<doc id="6922676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922676" title="Thunder Run (SFKK)">
Thunder Run (SFKK)



</doc>
<doc id="6922682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922682" title="Paul Lacy">
Paul Lacy



</doc>
<doc id="6922685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922685" title="Christian Holstad">
Christian Holstad

Christian Holstad (born 1972) is an American contemporary artist based in Brooklyn, New York City. He received his BFA at the Kansas City Art Institute in 1994.
Work.
Holstad has shown work internationally in exhibitions including "Greater New York 2005" at P.S. 1 in New York, the 2004 Whitney Biennial in New York, "Beautiful Lies You Could Live In" at the Victoria Miro Gallery in London, "Domestic Porn" at the Foksal Foundation Gallery in Warsaw and "The New Gothic" at Cokkie Snoei in Rotterdam. His first solo exhibition in Europe was curated by Daniel Schmidt in Cologne in 2003. In 2006, he had his first museum solo exhibition "The Terms of Endearment" at the Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami. He is represented by Andrew Kreps Gallery in New York, Victoria Miro in London, and Galleria Massimo De Carlo in Milan.
In the New York Times, critic Roberta Smith wrote that "Mr. Holstad is a one-artist collective, equally at ease with knitting, quilting, collage, drawing and sculpture; his work has a multimedia mix."
In an "Artforum" review of a 2006 solo exhibition, critic Christopher Bollen wrote that "Holstad's artistic career has often centered on the public spectacle and campy aestheticizing of sexual dissonance ... [In this show], Holstad seemed to ask whether s/m codes of thirty years ago have lost their deviant power. More provocatively, he asked what happened to the spiritual and physical liberation once accessed through these forms." 
Collections.
His work is included in collections at the Museum of Modern Art, the Carnegie Museum of Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, the Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago and the Astrup Fearnley Museet for Moderne Kunst in Oslo, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="6922686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922686" title="Road Runner Express (SFKK)">
Road Runner Express (SFKK)



</doc>
<doc id="6922688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922688" title="Reaction to Officiating in Super Bowl XL">
Reaction to Officiating in Super Bowl XL



</doc>
<doc id="6922692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922692" title="Roller Skater">
Roller Skater



</doc>
<doc id="6922695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922695" title="Paul E. Lacy">
Paul E. Lacy



</doc>
<doc id="6922704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922704" title="Yellow-chevroned parakeet">
Yellow-chevroned parakeet

The yellow-chevroned parakeet (Brotogeris chiriri) is native to tropical South America south of the Amazon River basin from central Brazil to southern Bolivia, Paraguay, and northern Argentina. Caged birds have been released in some areas, and the birds have established self-sustaining populations in the Miami, Florida, and Los Angeles and San Francisco, California. This bird seems to be doing better in its North American feral population than the closely related white-winged parakeet. The species is also established in the downtown area of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and in Buenos Aires, Argentina; where it was introduced. The native population in South America continues to do well.
Description.
The bird is 20–25 cm in length, and is mostly light green in color. It has a trailing yellow edge on its folded wings, which is also seen when the bird is in flight. It was considered conspecific with the white-winged parakeet until 1997. Wild birds primarily use disturbed forests and forest clearings around settlements. They rarely use deep tropical forests.
Diet.
The bird feeds mostly on seeds and fruit in its native habitat, and feral populations have adapted to eat blossoms and nectar. During dry periods, which often leads to fruit scarcity, the bird adapts by eating more seeds, particularly from the plant "Erythrina dominguezii". They also consume Bombacaceae trees, commonly known as silk cotton trees, which is the most popular food choice for the parakeet. These birds have been observed participating in geophagia, the deliberate ingestion of soil, commonly in location of clay licks. Feral birds also come to bird feeders. Yellow-chevroned parakeets also consume arboreal termite nests, which are made of a mixture of clay and organic matter, as well as termite feces and saliva that acts as glue for the nest. The termite nests appear to provide more physiological benefits than ordinary ground soil, including macronutrients like potassium, magnesium, and aluminum, which may help with egg formation during the breeding season.
Breeding.
Yellow-chevroned parakeets usually find holes in trees for nesting. They also form nesting tunnels in dead palm fronds. The female lays four to five eggs. After raising their young, all birds form rather large communal roosts until the next breeding season.

</doc>
<doc id="6922710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922710" title="Shakespeare's globe theatre">
Shakespeare's globe theatre



</doc>
<doc id="6922713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922713" title="Statement of owner's equity">
Statement of owner's equity



</doc>
<doc id="6922714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922714" title="Chachapoyas District">
Chachapoyas District

Chachapoyas District is one of twenty-one districts of Chachapoyas Province in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6922722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922722" title="Statement of net assets">
Statement of net assets



</doc>
<doc id="6922728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922728" title="Paul Eston Lacy">
Paul Eston Lacy

Paul Eston Lacy (February 7, 1924 – February 15, 2005) was an anatomist and experimentalist and one of the world’s leading diabetes mellitus researchers. He is often credited as the originator of islet transplantation.
Education.
Lacy was born in Trinway, Ohio in February, 1924. He was educated at the Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, both as an undergraduate and a medical student, obtaining B.S. and M.D. degrees in 1944 and 1948, respectively. From there Lacy matriculated to the Mayo Clinic and Mayo Foundation in Rochester, Minnesota, for graduate work in anatomy and experimental pathology. He was awarded a Ph.D. in that discipline by the University of Minnesota in 1955.
Career.
In 1955, Lacy was appointed assistant professor in the Department of Anatomy at Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, Missouri. He undertook research into the characterization of endocrine cells in the pancreas, using ultrastructural and fluorescent-antibody-labeling methods. That work resulted in a better understanding of how beta cells in the pancreatic islets of Langerhans produced and exported insulin, and it steadily propelled Lacy through the academic ranks.
In 1961, Lacy was named the sixth chairman of Pathology at Washington University, having been preceded by Eugene Lindsay Opie, Leo Loeb, Howard McCordock, Robert Alan Moore, and Stanley Hartroft. The last of those individuals had concentrated his efforts almost exclusively at building a strong research program in the department, and Lacy furthered that process. Indeed, never having been trained in a clinical patient-care specialty, he took only passing interest in surgical pathology or laboratory medicine. Lauren Ackerman—one of the preeminent surgical pathologists of all time—was concurrently a faculty member in the Department of Surgery at Washington University. Ultimately, Lacy invited Ackerman to join his department; subsequently, the two had a reasonably cordial but somewhat-distant professional relationship for the next decade.
Throughout the 1960s and early 1970s, Lacy collaborated with Walter F. Ballinger, chairperson of Surgery at Washington University, on the experimental technique of beta islet-cell transplantation in animals as a treatment for diabetes mellitus. In 1989, that work eventuated in the first successful islet-cell transplant in a human being. Research into the procedure continues, but it has still not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as a mainstream clinical therapy.
Lacy stepped down from his Pathology chairmanship in 1984, and was succeeded by Emil Unanue. Lacy remained on the Washington University faculty and retained an active role in diabetes research for another 20 years.
Personal life.
Lacy had a keen interest in literature, art, and music. He was married to his first wife, Ellen, for more than 50 years; the couple had two sons. Ellen died in 1998 of lung cancer. In 2002, Lacy married Bonnie Mattingly. The following year, Lacy developed usual interstitial pneumonia (idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis) that took his life on February 15, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6922733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922733" title="Lori martin">
Lori martin



</doc>
<doc id="6922736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922736" title="Perkins Engineering">
Perkins Engineering

Perkins Engineering was a team contesting the Australian V8 Supercar Championship Series, operating as an active racing team between 1986 and 2008. From 2009 onwards, the involvement of Perkins Engineering in the championship was wound back into a supply relationship with the newly formed Kelly Racing.
Team History.
At the end of 1988, Perkins and Hulme went on to stage a one-two victory in the Group A support race at the 1988 Australian Grand Prix in Adelaide in November. After the leading Dick Johnson Racing Sierras of Johnson and John Bowe suffered fuel pick-up problems, Perkins and Hulme had a fairly comfortable second half of the race.
1990s.
The Moffat/ANZ rumors did not come to fruition, and the team built a new plain white VL Commodore SS Group A SV for the 1990 season. Aside from some minor sponsorship from longtime supporters such as Castrol, the car's main "sponsor" was "Perkins Engineering", and it ran the entire 1990 season this way. A few other minor sponsors were picked up for the endurance races, where Tomas Mezera co-drove. After a good showing at the 1990 Sandown 500, the pair pulled off a third-place finish at Bathurst after narrowly missing the win after a safety-car mix-up when Perkins was held up in pit lane (the win went to the HRT Commodore of Allan Grice and Win Percy). The pair picked up a win a few weeks later at the newly opened Eastern Creek Raceway in the 1990 Nissan Sydney 500. Perkins showed the speed he was getting out of the now two-year-old model Commodore by qualifying the car second behind the Nissan GT-R and in front of the leading Sierras.
In 1991, Perkins entered a deal that saw Peter Brock close his Mobil 1 Racing team and bring sponsorship to Perkins Engineering to race two VN Commodores. Early results were slim, and despite some mechanical issues, Perkins and Brock generally became the fastest of the Holdens on track during the 1991 Australian Touring Car Championship and into the late season endurance races. While Brock would finish the championship in 6th place, Perkins could only manage 11th. The team's biggest problem was the lack of quality Bridgestone rubber early in the season. The 1991 Bathurst 1000 saw little joy for the team, though both cars easily qualified in the top 10. After a race plagued by electrical issues, the Brock/Andrew Miedecke car finished 7th while the Perkins/Mezera car retired after 65 laps with no oil pressure. Perkins would later attribute his personal lack of success in 1991 to the contract with Brock's team and sponsor Mobil, claiming that the contract actually prevented him from finishing in front of Brock on the race track.
At the end of 1991, Brock and Perkins decided to go their separate way which saw the two VN Commodores sold to Brock's Advantage Racing. Perkins Engineering was again left without a sponsor, so the plain-white 1990 VL Commodore returned – (albeit painted red, after having been leased to Sydney-based veteran Graham Moore in 1991) – once again, with "Perkins Engineering" as the initial primary sponsor. A number of other sponsors became the "main" sponsor periodically during the season. In NSW-based events, the car was known as the "Statewide Roads Commodore", and in Western Australia, and South Australia, it was the "Kreepy Krauly Commodore". Everywhere else, it was again "Perkins Engineering" on the car.
However, for the endurance races and the Australian Grand Prix support races, Perkins Engineering picked up significant sponsorship from Bob Jane T-Marts, and the car was painted yellow and blue, the colors of the T-Marts. Driving with Steve Harrington, Perkins proved there was life in the older model VL Commodore which won first time out in Bob Jane colors at the 1992 Don't Drink Drive Sandown 500 after a late race battle with the BMW M3 Evolution of Tony Longhurst and Paul Morris. Perkins then sensationally put the Commodore onto the front row for the 1992 Tooheys 1000 at Bathurst, but alternator and tire problems in the rainstorms that marred the race (and eventually caused its early finish) saw them eventually finish in 9th place. While driving the older VL, Perkins also pointed out during the top ten runoff at Bathurst that the only 'old' thing about the car was its superseded body shape. The speed of the Perkins VL at Bathurst raised questions about the legality of the car, though Perkins' qualifying time of 2:14.08 was only 0.74 seconds faster than he had qualified in 1990. Also, in that same time period other cars such as the Sierras and the 4WD, twin-turbo Nissan GTR had also improved their own lap times at Bathurst by around 2–3 seconds per lap.
Castrol, a long-time ancillary supporter of Perkins Engineering, came on board in 1993 as major sponsor, flushing the team with more funding than it was used to and rivalling the Mobil dollars of 1991. The team were still in the midst of building a new Holden VP Commodore for the season, so the old 1990 car was once again repainted, this time into the corporate colors of Castrol.
With the new car making its early debut at the Phillip Island round of the championship, after damaging the VL in a rollover at Symmons Plains Raceway, the team spent most of 1993 developing the VP into a race-winning package. Even after an engine failure at the Sandown 500 the team fronted at Bathurst, full of confidence that the car was fast enough to win. The Perkins Castrol Commodore, with its Holden V8 engine as opposed to the Chevrolets run by the other leading Holden teams, was the fastest in all but one session during practice and qualifying. Perkins then cut a near perfect lap to claim his 2nd pole position in the race (Peter Brock set the pole time in 1983), and won after a race long battle with Jim Richards and Mark Skaife. Former motorcycle racer and longtime Allan Moffat co-driver Gregg Hansford had joined to team to co-drive at Sandown and Bathurst.
After the domination of the two Ford teams in the 1993 championship (which despite making up only four of the 14 current-shape models on the grid won the first seven rounds of the championship consecutively) the aerodynamic package for both the EB Falcon and VP Commodore was re-homologated for the 1994 season. Although this allowed Mark Skaife to win the championship, it is possible that by increasing the amount of downforce and drag on the Commodore over Falcon relative to the year prior, that the 1994 specification VP was less suited to the endurance races at Sandown and Bathurst. Both races were won by Dick Johnson and John Bowe in their Shell Falcon while Perkins and Hansford finished in third position as the second placed Holden on both occasions.
Preparing for 1995 with a new Holden VR Commodore, Perkins Engineering had been asked by Castrol to increase its presence to two cars. Perkins resisted saying he wasn't ready to expand the team. Had the team expanded at this point it would be almost certain that Gregg Hansford would have driven the second car. Hansford, who had matched Perkins lap times in the 1994 Tooheys 1000 where the pair finished 3rd, had driven the 1994 car in the season-opening Winfield Triple Challenge, and Greg Crick drove the car at Sandown, with a view to purchasing the car, but this was all the team was prepared to do at that stage.
A few weeks later, Hansford was killed in a Super Touring race at Phillip Island and the team was left without its preferred endurance race co-driver. Perkins himself was said to be devastated at Hansford's death.
Eventually, then England-based Australian, Russell Ingall was chosen to fill the vacant endurance seat. After a forgettable Sandown 500, Perkins and Ingall won the 1995 Tooheys 1000 after being in last place after one lap following a flat tyre off the start line when Perkins and the HRT car of Craig Lowndes touched which ripped the valve out causing the tire to instantly deflate. The car then went a lap down after 50 laps. The pair charged back to the front to take the lead with nine laps remaining, helped by safety cars periods and also by the race leader Glenn Seton blowing the engine of his Falcon on lap 152 while holding a 10-second lead over Perkins.
In 1996 Castrol employed John Clarke who came with many ideas on how to build the Castrol team. His intuition to pick a moment in time to build the Castrol racing team and the Castrol Cougars for women racers was a head of its time. In 1997 John made a pact with Larry Perkins. Perkins role was to beat Brock in his retirement year. Larry and Russell did it. With increased money from Castrol and John Clarke who encouraged associated sponsors to get on board, Perkins Engineering finally expanded to two cars. Peter was a great supporter of the Cougars. For the record they came 13th in two Bathurst 1000 assaults.
After finishing sixth at Bathurst in an older VP Commodore, an experiment to work around the convoluted aerodynamic rules of the time, the team prepared itself for an all-out assault on the 1997 championship.
The 1997 season turned out to be one of the best for the team from a championship perspective with Ingall finishing second and Perkins fourth. They dominated the Melbourne Grand Prix support races and the Phillip Island races with one-two results before once again winning the Bathurst 1000 for Larry's sixth and Ingall's second time. The team also ran a third car as part of the "Castrol Cougars", shared between female drivers Kerryn Brewer and Melinda Price, who is the sister of former racer, Drew Price, and the aunt of future Perkins Engineering driver, Shane Price.
1998 saw the team initially starting in a pair of VS Commodores, as well as fielding the Castrol Cougars entry at selected races throughout the season with Brewer and Price sharing the seat. Ingall, along with HRT's Craig Lowndes, established themselves as the drivers to beat. Perkins debuted a new VT Commodore mid-season before handing it over to Ingall for the remainder of the season. The championship went right down to the final round, however a bad start by Ingall after tangling with Tony Longhurst saw him lose too many points to Lowndes, and second place in the championship was all that could be salvaged.
Perkins and Ingall then went on to win the Tickford 500 at Sandown before eventually finishing second to the Stone Brothers Racing EL Falcon of Jason Bright and Steven Richards at the FAI 1000 at Bathurst.
Future dual Supercars championship winner Marcos Ambrose tested for Perkins Engineering in 1999 but was not employed as his wage demands were more than Perkins was prepared to meet for someone who at that time was relatively unknown.
1999 saw Perkins Engineering end the Castrol Cougars program and enter into a relationship with Wayne Gardner to prepare and run a Coca-Cola sponsored Commodore for selected races during the year. This meant the team had three cars to look after at the workshop and at the race meetings giving them more engineering data than they could get from two cars. Gardner had run his own team (Wayne Gardner Racing) previously but with reduced Coca-Cola money did not have the resources to run it himself any more or even attend a full season.
2000s.
The 2000 season saw more expansion for the team. Previously, although running two cars in the championship, the endurance races were now included in the championship – (they weren't previously), so the team needed to run both cars at the endurance races, whereas they had previously run only one. Christian Murchison and Luke Youlden ran the No. 8 car in the endurance races. Perkins and Ingall finished 11th at Bathurst.
The deal with Wayne Gardner completed, Perkins Engineering again ran two cars for Larry Perkins and Russell Ingall in 2001. The team finished 8th at Bathurst, and 2nd in a controversial finish to the Queensland 500. Adam Macrow and Luke Youlden drove the No. 8 car in the endurance events.
There were signs at this stage that Larry Perkins was thinking about life outside of the drivers seat, with rumour's at season end that Steven Richards would be moving from Ford Tickford Racing to Perkins Engineering, to replace Larry in the driving seat of the No. 11 car.
While this rumour proved to be true, nobody expected that in doing so, the team would expand once again to three cars, No. 8 for Ingall, No. 11 for Perkins, and No. 16 for Richards. Perkins and Paul Dumbrell teamed up for the endurance races, with Ingall pairing with Richards finishing second at Bathurst. Perkins and Dumbrell finished fifth.
The end of the season was a time of upheaval for the team, with Russell Ingall leaving the team after eight seasons, moving to Stone Brothers Racing, who ran the rival Ford Falcon product. Ensuring that 2003 would have a completely different flavour for the team, Perkins also announced that he would step down from full-time driving, handing the reins over to Richards and Dumbrell for the season.
Perkins would return for the endurance races, teaming with Richards. Dumbrell teamed with Tomas Mezera, returning to the team for the first time since 1991. Richards and Perkins finished in fourth placed at Bathurst, but not before Larry severely damaged the No. 11 Holden VY Commodore at The Cutting during practice on Saturday morning. This caused the car to miss the Top Ten Shootout, for which Richards had qualified. Dumbrell and Mezera finished in 14th.
This accident at Bathurst prompted Larry to completely retire from driving, allowing him to now focus on the management and engineering side of the team.
For 2004, Richards and Dumbrell remained with the team, however an arrangement with Rod Nash Racing saw Tony Longhurst arrive at Perkins Engineering, in a third Castrol sponsored Commodore, but running under Nash's franchise. Longhurst ran as No. 7 in a new Holden VY Commodore, alongside a new No. 11 VY for Richards. Dumbrell started in an old Holden VX Commodore from 2003.
Perkins Engineering also ran the No. 75 Paul Little Racing customer car for Anthony Tratt. Perkins Engineering now had access to data from four cars simultaneously.
Longhurst badly crashed the No. 7 car at the Clipsal 500 on a cool down lap during practice, something Larry described as "dumb" for an experienced driver. Longhurst was demoted to the VX and Dumbrell promoted into the VY for the rest of the series.
Come the endurance races, Steven Richards teamed up with his father, six-time Bathurst winner Jim Richards in the No. 11 VY, and Dumbrell and Longhurst were teamed in the No. 8 VY. Jamie Whincup and Alex Davison were drafted in to drive the No. 7 VX, finishing in ninth place. Dumbrell and Longhurst failed to finish. Tratt teamed up with Tomas Mezera to finish 18th.
Steven and Jim finished the race in 21st position, 13 laps behind, after having to stop for repairs after striking a kangaroo on the lead in to The Cutting at about two-thirds race distance.
For 2005, the team was again fielded four cars, running a pair of Holden VY Commodores for Richards (#11) and Dumbrell (#24). Matthew Coleman and Christian D'Agostin were drafted in for the endurance races.
The Rod Nash Racing and Paul Little Racing relationships continued, with Alex Davison driving the Autobarn sponsored car, with No. 7 on the side. Dumbrell raced this car in the Shanghai &amp; Perth events, as a franchise sale and purchase between seasons left Perkins Engineering with a franchise that did not qualify the No. 24 car for the offshore events.
Neither Castrol car finished at Bathurst, the first time since 1988 at least one Perkins car had failed to finish. Dumbrell had hit the wall just after he had taken over the car from Richards who started the race, when apparent suspension damage caused him to strike the tyres at Griffin's Bend. Returning to the pits, the team found nothing more than cosmetic damage, but upon returning to the circuit, the front left wheel came loose, throwing the car against the outside wall at Griffin's Bend, and then across to the other side of the circuit against the wall.
Unfortunately, the wheel came away from the car, and smashed through the windscreen of Craig Lowndes car. Neither Dumbrell or Lowndes were injured, but the same could not be said for Lowndes' car, which suffered a caved in roof and windscreen. The car continued in the race, minus the front and rear windscreens, and after some hasty panel work.
Late in the season, Richards and Dumbrell swapped numbers, with Richards using No. 24, and Dumbrell No. 11 in order to try and lift the No. 24 franchise up the point standing.
During 2005, longtime sponsor Castrol announced they would not be renewing their sponsorship. Spirit maker Jack Daniels replaced Castrol. Though not the team's best season, 2006 saw both Dumbrell and Richards score various high finishes, with Richards winning the Western Australian round for the second time as in many years. The 2006 season also saw the team run its first full-time program in the Fujitsu Series, with Jack Perkins and Shane Price driving, finishing third and second respectively in the championship.
Perkins Engineering ran a pair of Holden VZ Commodores for 2006, again for Richards (now in #7) and Dumbrell (#11).
Richards and Dumbrell again teamed up for Bathurst, finishing fifth in the No. 7 Jack Daniel's Commodore, while Jack Perkins and Shane Price shared the No. 11 car into a DNF, after Perkins, who had started the race, heavily shunted a disabled Mark Skaife over the crest of the hill in Mountain Straight. Even though it was not his fault, Perkins later apologized to Skaife.
At the end of the 2006 season, both Richards and Dumbrell announced that they were leaving the team. Richards moved to Ford Performance Racing, and Dumbrell to Paul Weel Racing. The late blow left the team out of the market for any recognised, top line driver, so Jack Perkins and Shane Price were promoted from the Fujitsu Series, to run in the main championship.
Price and Perkins, even though they had some good runs on tracks they knew well, ended up with results that were a bit of a letdown overall. Rumours amongst the fans that Jack Daniel's were not pleased with the lack of results, saw both Jack Daniel's and the publicly endorse both drivers as "the future". Mark Skaife briefly tested one of the cars at a Winton test session to help Perkins and Price with the cars ongoing development. Perkins continued to race until just before the Symmons Plains round, having just been diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes, with Marcus Marshall, who had driven for the team at Sandown and Bathurst, replacing him for the final two rounds of the season.
Upon losing Perkins, the team signed former HRT driver Todd Kelly for the 2008 and 2009 seasons.
Demise.
Following a decision by Holden to reduce support for most teams running their Commodore product in the series for 2009, at the end of the 2008 V8 Supercar season, team principal Larry Perkins chose to reduce the level of his involvement in the series. Perkins entered into a business relationship with John and Margaret Kelly whose son Todd drove for the team in 2008, to provide the engineering services for their newly formed Kelly Racing. Many Perkins Engineering staff, equipment and sponsors moved to Kelly Racing including the team's three VE Commodores and Jack Daniels.
The Perkins Engineering franchises were retained by Larry who was the entrant for Kelly Racing's third and fourth cars. As part of the deal Perkins Engineering completed two final VE Commodores for Kelly Racing. Gradually Kelly Racing built up its own engineering base and its dependency on Perkins Engineering reduced. In January 2013 Larry sold his franchises to Kelly Racing and vacated the Moorabbin workshop.
Racing Number 11.
Iconic number.
The racing number 11 has become synonymous with the team, and it has appeared on their racing cars in every season since 1986. It has become as significant in Australian motor sport, as has Peter Brock's number "05" and Dick Johnson's number "17".
Legend has it that Perkins chose the number 11 for his car because "it's really easy to carry spare stickers – I only have to get the printers to make me up a box full of 1's". This simple, no nonsense approach is typical of almost everything that Larry does.
Almost Lost.
At the start of the 2005 season, Perkins Engineering almost lost the use of the racing number 11. At the end of the previous season, Larry sold his two Level 1 racing licences to Craig Gore, and purchased a single Level 2 licence, and leased a second from Bap Romano. Racing numbers are attached to the licences, not the teams who use them, and Gore's WPS Racing was ready to use the No. 11 and No. 8 from the old Perkins-held licences.
Perkins fans were incensed, and many were vocal about the return of No. 11 to its "rightful" home. Perkins, along with then sponsor, Castrol, approached Gore and V8 Supercars Australia to have the numbers returned. While Gore kept No. 8, he allowed the return of No. 11 to Perkins Engineering. The team ran No. 11 and No. 24 (the number associated with the Romano licence), and the fans were appeased.
Carrying On Into Future.
Following the effective closure of the team at the end of 2008, the franchise licences owned by Larry Perkins were leased into the new Kelly Racing team for 2009. His son Jack also took up one of the drives at the new team, using one of the Perkins owned licences, and will continue the family association with racing number No. 11.
Other Numbers Used.
The team has used various other number for second and third cars in the team over the years, details of many of these below:
Bathurst Victories.
Perkins Engineering has won the classic Bathurst 1000 race a total of three times – in 1993, 1995, and 1997. Perkins himself drove in all three victories, co-driving with Gregg Hansford in 1993, and Russell Ingall in 1995, and 1997. Cars built and driven by Perkins also won Bathurst in 1982, 1983, and 1984, while he was employed as chief engineer for the Holden Dealer Team.
1993 – Speed.
The team's 1993 Bathurst victory was all about speed. The No. 11 Castrol Holden VP Commodore was clearly the fastest car all week, topping every practice and qualifying session, except the first practice session, in which the car placed second. The race was a race in three, between Perkins and Hansford, Mark Skaife and Jim Richards in a Winfield sponsored Commodore, and Tomas Mezera and Win Percy in a Holden Racing Team Commodore. When Percy crashed the No. 15 car after a throttle jammed, the race was a straight fight between Perkins/Hansford and the Skaife/Richards car. The outright speed of the Perkins car saw the team home, despite a late race flurry of rain, which made tyre selection into a lottery.
The speed of the Castrol Commodore surprised many as Perkins chose to run a Holden V8 engine rather than the more powerful Chevrolet V8 used by the other leading Holden teams (Brock, Gibson Motorsport and HRT). Perkins claimed using the Holden engine was purely down to cost against the more expensive Chev as he had many of the well developed Holdens at his team base. He also claimed to get better fuel consumption from the Holden, and with only a small difference in power and a superior set up, he was able to run ahead of all but the Richards/Skaife Winfield Commodore all weekend.
Following his Bathurst win, Perkins was forced by CAMS to race the Chevy V8 the following year.
1995 – Determination.
While not the fastest car all week, the No. 11 Castrol Holden VR Commodore was close to the front in most sessions, and the race looked like being a battle between Wayne Gardner, Craig Lowndes, Glenn Seton and the Perkins car. At the start, a minor collision between Perkins and Lowndes saw the tyre valve from Perkins front right wheel torn off, resulting in the deflation of the tyre, and a slow lap back around to the pits. After replacing the tyre, and checking for other damage, Perkins roared down pit lane, trying to stay on the lead lap, a feat he accomplished.
The car stayed on the lead lap, until a minor safety-car hiccup saw it go down a lap, and seemingly out of race contention. New co-driver Russell Ingall was told by the team to not worry about the car, and just push 110% for the rest of the day – to spare nothing. When the leading Richards/Skaife Commodore retired with a failed diff, Ingall scrambled the car back onto the lead lap. Between them, Perkins and Ingall spent the rest of the race gradually whittling back the gap to the leaders.
Following a late race safety-car intervention, Perkins (who had just returned to the car), found himself in sixth place, and only about 10 seconds behind the leader, Glenn Seton. Following the exit of the safety car, Perkins picked off all the cars ahead of him over the next three laps, with the exception of Seton, who had responded to Larry's charge, and started turning similar lap times. Seton seemed set for victory.
However, with nine laps remaining, the extra strain Seton was putting through his already tiring engine proved to be too much – a broken valve spring forcing the car into retirement, and leaving Perkins in front for his team's second Bathurst crown, and his fifth as a driver.
1997 – Reliability.
Racing cars built by Perkins Engineering have long held a reputation for reliability, and the 1997 event saw the value of this become truly evident. Once again, one of the fastest cars for most of the week, it seemed however that the Brock/Skaife Holden Racing Team car, the Greg Murphy/Lowndes Holden Racing Team car, the Gardner/Crompton Coca-Cola car, and the Alan Jones/Jason Bright/Scott Pruett Komatsu car were forces to be reckoned with.
However, one by one, these cars fell by the wayside. Craig Lowndes crashed the No. 15 car out at McPhillamy Park, the No. 05 car suffered an engine failure with Skaife at the wheel, Gardner blew an engine at Forrest Elbow, and Jones had a string of mechanical dramas. The only hiccup for the Perkins Engineering car was a run across the dirt by Ingall at the bottom of The Chase, after a fuel surge at the end of his stint, caused the engine to stall.
It was a clear victory for reliability.–
Driver Roll Call.
The following is a list of drivers who have competed in Perkins Engineering built/entered vehicles in top-level Touring Car/V8 Supercar events:

</doc>
<doc id="6922745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922745" title="Great Synagogue, Pilsen">
Great Synagogue, Pilsen



</doc>
<doc id="6922754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922754" title="Jan Mortimer">
Jan Mortimer

Jan Roberta Mortimer (13 December 1949, Balclutha, New Zealand — 26 July 2015, Invercargill, New Zealand) was a draughts or checkers player who entered the game late in life. In 2002 she went to the United States to compete in the U.S. National Championship and won. She later competed at the world level facing Patricia Breen for the women's champion in 2003, then in 2004 won the World Qualifying Tournament for Women. She was married with four children and lived in Otago. In 2011 the World Checkers/Draughts Federation placed her as the highest rated New Zealand player regardless of gender.
Jan Mortimer died on 26 July 2015 after an illness.

</doc>
<doc id="6922759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922759" title="Cheto District">
Cheto District

Cheto is a district of the Chachapoyas Province in the Amazonas Region in Peru. Its seat is Cheto located at an altitude of 2,500 m.s.n.m..
During the 2005 Peru census the district had 686 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="6922761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922761" title="Lee Arnone-Briggs">
Lee Arnone-Briggs

Lee Arnone-Briggs is an American actress with a career spanning nearly forty years in stage, screen, and television productions. In addition to her screen work, she is also a voice actress with several motion picture credits.
Her notable film roles include "Mrs. Lemsky" in "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" and the Stewardess in "The Karate Kid Part II". However, her mostly widely noted film role is for a movie in which she does not appear in the theatrical release—"". In this film, Arnone-Briggs played a Starfleet librarian on the USS "Enterprise"-E. The scene was cut from the film version, however, it was included on the " (Special Edition)" DVD release.
Her television credits include appearances on "Married... with Children", "Night Court", "Hunter", "Hooperman", "Starman", the mid-1980s edition of "The Twilight Zone", and "The Facts of Life".

</doc>
<doc id="6922762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922762" title="Cheto">
Cheto



</doc>
<doc id="6922763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922763" title="Nashville Scene">
Nashville Scene

Nashville Scene is an alternative newsweekly in Nashville, Tennessee. It was founded in 1989, became a part of Village Voice Media in 1999, and later joined the ranks of sixteen other publications after a merger of Village Voice Media with New Times Media early in 2006. The paper was acquired by SouthComm Communications in 2009. Since May 2018, it has been owned by the Freeman Webb Company. The publication mainly reports and opines on music, arts, entertainment, and local and state politics in Nashville.
Gordon Inman.
The Nashville Scene once was a "throw away" sales advertising vehicle owned by Gordon Inman of Brentwood, TN.
The City Press.
In 1989, Ed Richey, Gordon Inman,&lt;ref name="bizjournals/gordon-inman-attendant"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; and Chuck Snyder sold "Nashville Scene" to Albie Del Favero and group of investors.&lt;ref name="nashvillescene/desperately-seeking"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
In 1989, after years as a national newspaper sales representative based in New York, Albie Delfavero recognized the need of his hometown, Nashville, to have an alternative weekly paper. The "alternative paper" format made news in cities across the country, especially on the east coast. The industry itself made news, took journalistic risk, provided arts criticism, schedules, and "happenings", and did not mince words re local and national politics.
Delfavero enlisted Bruce Dobie, political reporter for Nashville's soon to be "late" daily, The Nashville Banner, to become editor. The both of them, with an array of investors, bought the "Scene" from Inman and transformed it from a driveway throw-away to a long respected voice in Nashville's civic, arts, and political community.
On 26 July 1996, the paper's editor, Bruce Dobie, and its publisher, Albie Del Favero, bought "Nashville Scene" for $2.5 million.
In 1999 "The City Press", as their corporation was dubbed in 1989, merged with The Village Voice.
Village Voice Media.
In 1999, Del Favero and Dobie formed a group of investors and purchased Stern Publishing, then-owner of the "Village Voice" and five other alternative newsweeklies across the nation. They named the new corporation Village Voice Media. "Village Voice" publisher David Schneiderman, also one of the investors, became chief executive officer of the new venture.
In late 2004, both Del Favero and Dobie resigned their positions as publisher and editor of the "Scene". The editor role was taken on by the "Scene"s then-news editor Liz Garrigan. Chris Ferrell was hired by Village Voice Media to assume the role of publisher at the beginning of 2005. In January 2006, Village Voice Media was acquired by New Times Media and kept the Village Voice Media name.
On September 27, 2007, Ferrell announced his resignation as publisher of the "Nashville Scene" and, two weeks later, was replaced by long-time "Scene" retail sales account executive Mike Smith, who took the title of associate publisher in line with the post-merger title structuring of Village Voice Media.
On May 6, 2008, Garrigan announced her resignation as editor on the "Nashville Scene" blog Pith in the Wind. She characterized her departure as "anticlimactic" and "not a protest resignation, a corporate cost-cutting measure or a veiled firing." She added that she had imposed a five-year expiration date for herself as editor, and would be cutting that short because she felt she had accomplished what she set out to accomplish. Garrigan's last day as "Scene" editor was slated for June 30, 2008.
SouthComm Communications.
On August 19, 2009, former "Nashville Scene" publisher Ferrell announced that his Nashville-based media company, SouthComm Communications, was acquiring "Nashville Scene" from Village Voice Media. SouthComm was formed in late 2007 and spent much of its first two years acquiring media properties in Alpharetta, Ga., Nashville, Tenn., and Louisville, Ky. Southcomm also owned the "Nashville Post". Kotz was not retained as editor when the paper was purchased by SouthComm. Jim Ridley, who served as senior writer under Garrigan and managing editor under Kotz, was named editor. His tenure began with the September 3, 2009 issue.
On May 7, 2015, news editor Steve Cavendish announced that Daryl Cagle would contribute a weekly cartoon called "Metropolitan Planning Commission Funnies," focusing on city planning issues like umbilical houses, downtown cranes, Music Row demolitions and pop-up subdivisions. "Nashville is growing like a weed, and though officials talk about planning, they really just approve every stupid proposal." Cagle wrote on his blog.
On April 9, 2016, Scene editor-in-chief Jim Ridley died at the age of 50 after suffering a cardiac event while at work. He had been with the paper as its film critic since 1989. 
Former news editor Steve Cavendish came back as the Scene's editor in July 2016. SouthComm enacted editorial layoffs a year later, and Cavendish was among those cut. Longtime staffer D. Patrick Rodgers — who previously served as music editor and managing editor — was named the Scene's editor in November 2017.
Freeman Webb Company.
In May 2018, the "Nashville Scene" and the "Nashville Post" were purchased by the Freeman Webb Company, a company co-founded by Bill Freeman and Jimmy Webb which owns and manages "more than 16,000 apartment units and 1 million square feet of office space" in Tennessee, Alabama, Missouri, Georgia and Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="6922773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922773" title="Chicago and Southern Airlines">
Chicago and Southern Airlines



</doc>
<doc id="6922775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922775" title="Beverly Crawford">
Beverly Crawford

Beverly Renae Crawford (born Beverly Renae Camps; August 31, 1963) is an American gospel vocalist who is best known for singing with the New Life Singers on "Bobby Jones Gospel" on the Black Entertainment Television (BET) and for having well-known songs such as "Praise Jehovah", "Run to the Water", "He's Done Enough", and most recently "It's About Time For A Miracle".
Early life.
Born on August 31, 1963, in Gainesville, Florida, Beverly is the sixth of seven children born to the late Bishop Walter Camps and his Late wife Nellie Camps . She began singing at the age of three and joined her sisters as part of the Camp Sisters. Her siblings are Walter. Jr, Alfred, Marilyn, Belinda, Terrilyn, and Evelyn.
Career.
In the late 1980s, her husband, Todd Crawford, recorded a homemade video of her and her sisters singing and submitted copies to several gospel companies, with "Bobby Jones Gospel" the only one responding. Being impressed with the sisters, Bobby Jones invited them to sing on his show, and after about a couple of visits, he invited Beverly to join his group, New Life.
New Life, were a group of women by the name of Emily Harris, Angela Primm, Nuana Dunlap, Franchine Smith, later Roberta Higgs joined the group and Beverly herself. Beverly continued with Dr. Jones, until 1997.
Beverly stayed on the show from 1990 to 1997, where she was a favorite every week. She began her solo career in 1995 with the release of "Jesus, Precious King" on Warner Alliance Records (now defunct), followed three years later with "Now That I'm Here", which includes the hit title song and "Just As Soon (I'll Be Shouting)". The latter album was nominated for a Grammy in 1999.
In 2001, Crawford released a studio album (except for one live song) entitled "Beverly" on Dexterity Records (the label of the prominent minister Bishop T.D. Jakes) and in 2003 returned to the live church setting with "Live Family and Friends" which includes "Higher in the Lord" and "Hold On", and featured guest such as Bobby Jones, Shirley Murdock, Melvin Williams of the Williams Brothers, and her daughter Latrina Crawford.
In 2007, she released her fifth album, "Live from Los Angeles", on the LA-based JDI label, which contained the number one hit "He's Done Enough". The song stayed on the top ten lists for over a year.
In January 2009, Crawford won her first Stellar Gospel Music Award for "Traditional Female Vocalist of the Year" for her 2007 release.
On September 19, 2009, she recorded her second album with JDI, live from Los Angeles at Faithful Central Church. It's entitled "Live from Los Angeles - Volume 2" and will feature guests, including Shirley Murdock. It was released on September 14, 2010, and includes the hit single "It's About Time for a Miracle". In 2012, she won her second Stellar Gospel Music Award for "Traditional Female Vocalist of the Year" for this record.
Her current release is "Thank You For All You've Done", which was released in May 2014 on JDI. It debuted at #1 on the Gospel Music Billboard Charts. It contains the hit "Sweeping Through The City".
Personal life.
In November 1982, Beverly married her husband Todd Eugene Crawford and they have two children Latrina (b.1983) and a son Todd Jr. (b.1995). Beverly &amp; Todd are co-pastors of her fathers church, The Landmark Holy Temple of God, INC. Her father married Wilma Reid in 1988 following the passing of his first wife, Mrs. Nellie Mae McCloud. In December 2007, her father Bishop Walter Camps passed away from a long battle of illness.

</doc>
<doc id="6922776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922776" title="Jack Daniels Racing">
Jack Daniels Racing



</doc>
<doc id="6922792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922792" title="Brady Leaf">
Brady Leaf



</doc>
<doc id="6922800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922800" title="Chicago and Southern Air Lines">
Chicago and Southern Air Lines

Chicago and Southern Air Lines (C&amp;S) was a United States trunk carrier, a scheduled airline that started life as Pacific Seaboard Air Lines in California and was organized on June 15, 1933. Following the move from California, the airline's headquarters were initially located in St. Louis, Missouri, and were then moved to Memphis, Tennessee, which also served as a hub for the carrier. C&amp;S was merged into
Delta Air Lines in 1953, thus providing Delta with its first international routes.
History.
California carrier.
Pacific Seaboard Air Lines was incorporated in California on June 15, 1933. The first service was operated on June 25, 1933, in Carleton Putnam's single engine Bellanca CH-300 "Miss San Jose," Putnam piloting the aircraft. Three Bellanca CH-300s were flown in the California operation. The new airline only flew passengers on the West Coast of California on "The Scenic Route." This route was up the coast of California from Los Angeles (Grand Central Air Terminal at Glendale) to San Francisco's Mills Field. Stops were made at seven destinations located near or on the Pacific Ocean including Santa Barbara, Santa Maria, San Luis Obispo, Paso Robles, Monterey, Salinas and San Jose. For a short period, Pacific Seaboard Air Lines also flew from San Francisco to the capital of California, Sacramento. The primary competition on the L.A.-San Francisco route was United Airlines with twin-engine, ten-passenger, Boeing 247s. United, which also flew the San Joaquin Valley route in California, had the U.S. Air Mail contract and more comfortable aircraft. Putnam decided the only way he could stay in business was to get a U.S. Air Mail contract. In four months and one week, 1113 passengers were carried.
Mississippi Valley airmail contract.
On February 9, 1934, President Franklin D. Roosevelt canceled all the U.S. Mail contracts. The U.S. Army operated the air postal service for a few weeks, and then the government called for new bids on the Air Mail routes. Putnam bid on and received the Air Mail route between Chicago and New Orleans by way of Peoria, Springfield, St. Louis, Memphis, and Jackson (Air Mail Route 8). Two more Bellanca CH-300s were purchased, bringing that fleet to five aircraft. Putnam had to start service in 30 days or forfeit his (equivalent to $million in ) performance bond. Air mail service started June 3, 1934, and passenger service started June 13 with the five Bellancas on "The Valley Level Route." The airline changed its name to Chicago and Southern Air Lines in 1935.
Trunk carrier.
The 1938 Civil Aeronautics Act imposed a new regulatory regime on the US airline business. All airlines required certification by the new Civil Aeronautics Authority (CAA), but as an airline flying scheduled service prior to the Act, C&amp;S qualified for certification by grandfathering, which it received 17 March 1939. The CAA's regulatory role was spun off to the Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) in 1940. Thereafter, C&amp;S would be regulated by the CAB as a trunk carrier.
The June 1, 1940, Chicago &amp; Southern timetable described the "Valley Level Route" as being "900 Miles of Flat Country" between Chicago and New Orleans via Memphis, with "Fine Airports" and "A Splendid Airway". Chicago and Southern continued flying north to south routes in the Midwest, bringing air service to smaller markets such as Evansville, Indiana, and Paducah, Kentucky. The airline acquired its first Douglas DC-3 in 1940 and continued to operate the type until the 1953 merger with Delta Air Lines. Several four-engined Douglas DC-4s were also operated postwar including on international routes to Cuba, Jamaica and Venezuela.
From 1946, the DC-4s were used to commence international services from Houston and New Orleans to Havana, Cuba with Kingston, Jamaica and Caracas, Venezuela being added to C&amp;S international route system by 1949. The February 1, 1947 Chicago &amp; Southern system timetable route map includes all of these destinations as well as Aruba, Netherlands Antilles; Camaguey, Cuba; Curacao, Netherlands Antilles; Port au Prince, Haiti; Ciudad Trujillo, Dominican Republic (since renamed Santo Domingo); and San Juan, Puerto Rico; however, it appears that although passenger traffic rights may have been granted or applied for, these additional destinations were not served during the mid and late 1940s by C&amp;S.
In October 1950 C&amp;S took delivery of the first of six Lockheed L-649A Constellations. These larger pressurised airliners were placed in service from Chicago and St Louis to Houston, Memphis, New Orleans, Havana, Kingston, and Caracas.
On 10 January 1953 a new service from New Orleans to San Juan, Puerto Rico was inaugurated. According to the C&amp;S timetable, this service was named the "Hai-Drico Rocket" and was operated once a week with a "New Luxury Constellation" on a southbound routing of Memphis - New Orleans - Port au Prince, Haiti - Ciudad Trujillo, Dominican Republic (now Santo Domingo) - San Juan with the return northbound flight continuing on from Memphis to St. Louis and Chicago.
Merger with Delta Air Lines.
On 1 May 1953, C&amp;S merged with Delta Air Lines, which provided Delta with access to a Great Lakes route system in the upper Midwest as well as additional destinations in the south central U.S. including for the first time Houston, Texas and, importantly, to points in the Caribbean Sea region as well as Venezuela thus providing Delta with its first international routes. The airline operated as Delta-C&amp;S for the next two years.
1953 destinations.
According to the April 1, 1953 Chicago &amp; Southern Air Lines system timetable, the air carrier was serving the following domestic and international destinations shortly before it was acquired by and merged into Delta Air Lines:
Domestic.
The airline also previously served Peoria, IL during the mid-1940s.
International.
Also in April 1953, Chicago &amp; Southern was operating a "thru plane" service via an interchange agreement (see Transport hub) with Trans World Airlines (TWA) between Houston, Pittsburgh and New York City flown with Lockheed Constellation and Martin 4-0-4 "Skyliner" aircraft on two roundtrip routings including New York City - Pittsburgh - St. Louis - Houston and New York City - Pittsburgh - Indianapolis - Memphis - Shreveport - Houston.
International service in 1950.
Aruba and Curacao in the Netherlands Antilles as well as Montego Bay, Jamaica all appeared on the Chicago &amp; Southern route map contained in its system timetable dated October 1, 1950; however, this same timetable does not list any scheduled services operated by the airline into these destinations at this time. Chicago &amp; Southern's international service at this same time was operated by a flight the airline called "The Caribbean Comet" with a Douglas DC-4 propliner flying a daily round trip routing of Chicago - St. Louis - Memphis - New Orleans - Havana - Kingston - Caracas.
Fleet in 1950.
The October 1, 1950 Chicago &amp; Southern system timetable lists three aircraft types being operated by the airline at this time:
Prior to 1950, Chicago &amp; Southern operated the following aircraft types:
Legacy.
Using the international route authority from New Orleans inherited from Chicago &amp; Southern, Delta began flying one its first international jet services and in 1962 was operating then-new Convair 880 jetliners on a routing of San Francisco (SFO) - Dallas Love Field (DAL) - New Orleans (MSY) - Montego Bay, Jamaica (MBJ) - Caracas, Venezuela (CCS). Following its acquisition of Chicago &amp; Southern in 1953, Delta operated former C&amp;S Lockheed Constellation aircraft as well as "Super" Convair 340 propliners on its international flights to the Caribbean and Venezuela during the mid-1950s. By the late 1950s, Delta had replaced the Constellations and was operating Douglas DC-7 propliners on these routes in addition to the Convairs. The airline then introduced jet service with Convair 880 aircraft followed by Douglas DC-8 jetliners including stretched Douglas DC-8-61 (Super DC-8) aircraft on the Caribbean and Venezuela routes. According to the Official Airline Guide (OAG), by late 1979 Delta was operating wide body Lockheed L-1011 TriStar flights on a daily basis nonstop between New Orleans and San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Carlton Putnam remained on the Delta board of directors until his death in 1998. Following the C&amp;S merger with Delta, he focused his attention on providing support for racial desegregation. (A reference is needed for this final sentence. The assertion in the sentence directly conflicts with Carleton Putnam's own Wikipedia article, which provides evidence that he supported segregation, not desegregation.)

</doc>
<doc id="6922801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922801" title="Stank Dawg">
Stank Dawg



</doc>
<doc id="6922805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922805" title="Pigadia">
Pigadia

Pigadia (Greek: Πηγάδια meaning "wells") may refer to several locations in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6922812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922812" title="Roberta MacAdams">
Roberta MacAdams

Lt. Roberta Catherine Price née MacAdams (July 21, 1880 – December 16, 1959) was a provincial level politician and military dietitian from Alberta, Canada. She was the second woman elected to a legislative body in the British Empire and the first to introduce and pass a piece of legislation.
Early life.
MacAdams was born and raised in Sarnia, Ontario. Her father, Robert MacAdams, was the owner and editor of the Conservative newspaper "Sarnia Canadian".
In 1911, MacAdams graduated from the Macdonald Institute for Domestic Science, located on the campus of the Ontario Agricultural College in Guelph. She moved to Alberta, where she worked as a domestic science instructor with the Alberta government. She traveled around the province, speaking with rural women about their needs and teaching home economics. Her report on her findings led to the creation of the Alberta Women's Institutes, a support network for rural women. In 1912, she became the Supervisor of Household Science for the Edmonton Public school district, teaching cooking classes.
Military career.
In 1916, MacAdams was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Canadian Army Medical Corps, even though she was not a nurse. Her enlistment papers listed her as a "nursing sister" because she would be trained and quartered with nurses. She was appointed the staff dietitian at the Ontario Military Hospital in Orpington, England, where she oversaw the production of 3,500 meals a day for the hospital's patients and staff.
Political career.
In 1917, the Alberta Military Representation Act enabled the election of two at-large members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, to represent the soldiers and nurses from Alberta serving overseas. There were twenty male candidates running for these seats, and MacAdams was encouraged to run by war correspondent and suffragist Beatrice Nasmyth. Nasmyth had MacAdams' campaign photos taken by leading celebrity photographer Emil Otto Hoppe. These photos showed MacAdams in a nursing sister's uniform with a white wimple, and MacAdams ran with the campaign slogan "Give one vote to the man of your choice and the other to the sister. She will work not only for your best interests, but for those of your wives, mothers, sweethearts, sisters and children after the war. Remember those who have helped you so nobly through the fight."
MacAdams was elected to the legislature as independent, becoming the second woman elected to the Assembly, after Louise McKinney of the Nonpartisan League. Although the vote was part of the 1917 provincial general election that elected McKinney, the completion of the overseas voting and count took place at a later date than the in-province vote, making her the second woman member of the legislative assembly, and the second elected anywhere in the British Commonwealth.
MacAdams became the first woman in the British empire to introduce and successfully pass a piece of legislation, the "Act to Incorporate the Great War Next-of-Kin Association." This legally recognized a veteran's organization.
After her first legislative session, MacAdams joined the staff of the Khaki University, a university extension program for soldiers. After the war ended, she chaperoned British war brides to Canada and continued assisting these women through her work on the Alberta Soldier Settlement Board. Her work in the legislature led to the establishment of a teacher training school in Edmonton.
In 1920, MacAdams married Alberta lawyer Harvey Stinson Price. She chose not to run in the 1921 election. Instead, she moved to Calgary with her husband and son Robert, where she continued to be involved in women's and educational organizations until her death.
Legacy.
MacAdams' portrait was presented to the Alberta Legislature on March 16, 1967, in honor of her accomplishments.
The Roberta MacAdams School in Edmonton, Alberta, which opened on September 1, 2016, was named in her honor.
Debbie Marshall's book Give Your Other Vote to the Sister: A Woman's Journey into the Great War (University of Calgary Press, 2007) covers the life and work of MacAdams.

</doc>
<doc id="6922813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922813" title="John Thorndike (settler)">
John Thorndike (settler)

John Thorndike (February 23, 1611 or 1612 – interred 1668) was one of the first founders of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Other sources show his birth date as born February 1610/11.
Biography.
Thorndike was a farmer and cowherd from Great Carlton, Lincolnshire, England. He and his wife Elizabeth Stratton may have been among the emigrants who sailed to America on the "Arbella" in 1630. Other sources indicate that John Thorndike emigrated to America in 1632 and that Elizabeth Stratton emigrated to America in 1635 along with her mother and brother. The Thorndikes settled in the area around Ipswich as one of the first thirteen settlers. They were the parents of seven children, one son, Captain Paul Thorndike, and several daughters including Elizabeth Thorndike, who later became the second wife of John Proctor who was executed as a witch during the Salem Witch Trials.
John Thorndike was buried on November 3, 1668, in the East Cloister of Westminster Abbey, alongside his brother Herbert Thorndike, the Canon of Westminster Abbey. Herbert Thorndike wrote the Syriac Chapter to Walton's Polyglot and was a Fellow of Hebrew at Cambridge University.
John and Elizabeth Thorndike have many descendants, most of which are in the United States but there are branches of the family tree in Canada, Germany and Argentina. Among their descendants include Robert Thorndike, the founder of Rockport, Maine, Ashley Horace Thorndike, Augustus Thorndike, Edward Thorndike, Israel Thorndike, Lynn Thorndike, Robert L. Thorndike, Robert M. Thorndike, Stephen Thorndike, Joseph J. Thorndike, John Thorndike, William Endicott, George Thorndike Angell, C. Allen Thorndike Rice, Guillermo Thorndike, Felipe Thorndike, Abiel Abbot Low, Seth Low, Micaela Cousiño y Quiñones de León, and John Kerry.

</doc>
<doc id="6922817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922817" title="Bob Shearer">
Bob Shearer

Robert Alan Shearer (25 May 1948 – 9 January 2022) was an Australian professional golfer and golf course architect.
Early life and amateur career.
Shearer was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He won the 1969 Australian Amateur, having been a joint medalist the previous year.
Professional career.
Shearer turned professional in early 1971. He won the PGA Tour of Australia Order of Merit four times: 1974, 1977, 1981, 1982. He spent five years on the European Tour and then nine on the PGA Tour. His career year was 1982 when he won the Australian Open and his sole PGA Tour event, the Tallahassee Open. He had 18 top-10 finishes in PGA Tour events. His best finish in a major championship was a T-7 at the 1978 Open Championship.
Later he split his time between his golf course design work and the European Senior Tour.
Death.
Shearer died from a heart attack on 9 January 2022, at the age of 73.
Professional wins (27).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
European Tour wins (2).
European Tour playoff record (0–1)
PGA Tour of Australia wins (16).
PGA Tour of Australia playoff record (4–0)
European Seniors Tour wins (4).
European Senior Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships.
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
WD = withdrew&lt;br&gt;
"T" indicates a tie for a place
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="6922821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922821" title="Transit (Sponge Cola album)">
Transit (Sponge Cola album)

Transit is the second studio album by the Pinoy rock band Sponge Cola, released on September 8, 2006, and their first under Universal Records. The album was certified Platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI) with sales of 40,000 physical CD copies to date.
"Transit" spawned a carrier single, "Bitiw", which was released to radio stations on August 23. In 2008, "Transit" was re-released as "Transit Deluxe", which features additional songs, acoustic versions of songs, a cover song by Apo Hiking Society, and a radio edit version, as well as a Video CD (VCD) containing music videos.
In late 2013, "Transit Deluxe" was re-issued as part of "Palabas &amp; Transit Collection", a release that also includes the standard edition of Sponge Cola's debut album "Palabas"; this release does not include a VCD.
Background.
In an interview, Yael Yuzon explained, "I think on the first record we just wanted to have an album out as a collection of songs written from high school; while on Transit, we wanted to push the limits of our song-writing so we took a creatively different approach for every song."
In popular culture.
The single "Bitiw" was used as a theme song for the television series "Pedro Penduko". It was also performed in the second season of "Your Face Sounds Familiar", when Yael Yuzon dueted with KZ Tandingan, the latter of whom impersonated Yael.
Members.
Additional Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6922828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922828" title="Chiliquín District">
Chiliquín District

Chiliquín is one of 21 Peruvian districts that form the Province of Chachapoyas in the Amazon region. Chiliquin is located in the high mountain. Chiliquin offers several attractive places for tourists like ruins and cataracts. There is a church in the center of the village. There is no highway connection to the village.
The anniversary of the foundation of the district is celebrated on May 3. The purtumute is swallowed cooked between other meals.
Chiliquin shares its border with the District of Asunción (Chachapoyas) to the north, with the District of Quinjalca (Chachapoyas) to the east, the District of Sonche (Chachapoyas) to the south, the District of Valera to the south-west, and the District of Jumbilla (Chachapoyas) to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="6922834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922834" title="Ogiri">
Ogiri

Ogiri is a local seasoning used in cooking particularly amongst (Ijebu) Yoruba and Igbo people. Contrary to circulating opinions especially amongst content creating chefs and foodies, Ogiri and Iru are not exactly the same: Ogiri Ijebu is a flavoring made of fermented oil seeds, such as sesame seed, melon seed, castor oil, or "yọnmọti" seeds as described in the lexicon published in the year 1843, while Iru on the other hand is made of locust bean seeds as supported by authoritative evidences from the 19th century, showing the separate entry of both words into the Yoruba lexicon, long before its (Ogiri) adoption into the Igbo lexicon which ultimately suggests linguistics borrowing from the former into the latter owing to migration and cultural exchange.
 The process and product are similar to iru or douchi. Its smell is similar to cheese, miso, or stinky tofu.
Ogiri is best known in West Africa. It is popular among the Ijebu and Igbo people. Ogiri among the Igbo people of Nigeria is different and similar to Iru Pete.
Ogiri made in the traditional West African way contains: Egusi seeds, sesame seeds, salt, and water

</doc>
<doc id="6922835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922835" title="Chiliquín">
Chiliquín



</doc>
<doc id="6922841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922841" title="Paul Morris Motorsport">
Paul Morris Motorsport

Paul Morris Motorsport, also known as its business name of Nemo Racing, is an Australian motor racing team that competed in V8 Supercars between 2000 and 2012. The team also won the 1997 AMP Bathurst 1000 and four Australian Super Touring Championships. The team is based at the Norwell Motorplex in Norwell, Queensland and currently competes in the Super3 Series.
Background.
The team was born out of a split of LoGaMo Racing, owned by Tony Longhurst, Frank Gardner and Terry Morris. After the 1994 Australian Touring Car season, Longhurst wished to continue in the Australian Touring Car Championship while Gardner and Morris wanted to stick with the Australian Super Touring Championship. At the end of 1994, Gardner and Morris bought Longhurst out, with the latter forming Longhurst Racing to race a Ford Falcon EF in the 1995 Australian Touring Car Championship.
History.
Super Touring.
In the LoGaMo days, the team had a long association with tobacco sponsorship. After 1994, this was not able to be renewed due to the "Tobacco Advertising Prohibition Act 1992" and the Benson &amp; Hedges sponsorship concluded at the end of 1994. For the next three years, the team competed in the Australian Super Touring Championship with Geoff Brabham and Paul Morris driving BMW 320is. Morris won the series in 1995 and 1997, while Brabham teamed with brother David to win the 1997 Bathurst 1000, after the Morris and Craig Baird entry had been disqualified. A third car was entered at some events in 1995 and 1996 for Charlie O'Brien and in 1997 for Baird.
At the end of 1997, BMW withdrew their support and the team closed. Gardner retired and sold the Performance Driving Centre in Norwell to Morris. After racing for PacWest Racing in the Indy Lights Championship in 1998, Morris reformed the team with Tim Neff, racing a BMW 320i to victory in the 1999 Australian Super Touring Championship, which he repeated in 2000.
V8 Supercars.
Single-car origins.
Morris entered the V8 Supercar series in 2000 with an ex-Holden Racing Team Commodore VS. The car was destroyed at the Oran Park round in 2000 when Morris was involved in a fiery crash with Mark Larkham at the start of one of the races. Later in the year the team upgraded to a Commodore VT purchased from James Rosenberg Racing.
In 2001, the team completed its first in-house built Commodore VX, not before winning the Calder Park round in the older VT model. It proved to be the only race and round victories for the team. The team generally raced one car until 2005, when it began preparing the Team Kiwi Racing car under a customer deal.
Expansion to two cars.
In 2006, after purchasing a Level 1 licence from Tony Longhurst, it expanded to two cars with Fabian Coulthard, Alan Gurr, Steven Ellery, Jack Perkins and Shane Price sharing the No. 39 car. In 2007, Coulthard, Ellery and Owen Kelly drove the second car.
In 2008, Russell Ingall joined as the driver of the second car bringing title sponsorship from Supercheap Auto. At the end of the year, Morris retired and was replaced by Tim Slade in a deal brokered by former V8 Supercar team owner James Rosenberg, who also took on ownership of Slade's car.
In 2010, Greg Murphy replaced Tim Slade with backing from Castrol. The team moved away from self-built cars, buying two Triple Eight Race Engineering Commodore VEs.
In 2011, Murphy was replaced by Steve Owen.
Customer entry and demise.
With Ingall and Supercheap Auto departing at the end of 2011, one REC was leased to Tekno Autosports while preparation of the remaining car was contracted to Dick Johnson Racing. The team's two Commodore VEs also passed to Tekno in exchange for a Ford Falcon FG. In 2013, the remaining REC was sold to Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport. At the end of the year, the leased REC was returned from Tekno Autosports and sold to Dick Johnson Racing. This signalled the end of the team after 13 years in the championship.
Other racing activities.
After Morris' full-time V8 Supercars career ended at the end of the 2008 season, his team entered the Development Series, later known as Super2, in every season up until 2018. Morris himself entered selected rounds from 2009 to 2015, while at its peak the team entered four cars in the 2015 season. The team won its only two championship rounds in 2017 with Anton De Pasquale at the wheel.
In 2019, the team withdrew from Super2 and instead entered in the newly renamed Super3 Series.
Paul Morris Motorsport manages trucks for the Stadium Super Trucks, with the Norwell Motorplex serving as the corporate headquarters for the series' Australian operations under the Boost Mobile Super Trucks name.
Supercars drivers.
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the Supercars Championship, in order of first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics
Super2 drivers.
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the Super2 Series, in order of first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics.
Super3 drivers.
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the Super3 Series, in order of first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics.

</doc>
<doc id="6922849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922849" title="Baryshivka">
Baryshivka

Baryshivka (; ) is a rural settlement in Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine. It hosts the administration of Baryshivka settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population: In 2001, population was 11,178.
History.
Until 18 July 2020, Baryshivka was the administrative center of Baryshivka Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Baryshivka Raion was merged into Brovary Raion.
Until 26 January 2024, Baryshivka was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Baryshivka became a rural settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6922851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922851" title="Fear Agent">
Fear Agent

Fear Agent is an American science fiction comic book series written by Rick Remender with art by Tony Moore and Jerome Opena, who alternated on story arcs. The series was published by Dark Horse Comics from 2007 to 2018 and by Image Comics from 2005–2006 and currently from 2018.
The series stars the rugged alcoholic Texas spaceman Heathrow Huston, the supposed last Fear Agent, in a series of fast-paced adventures. The series emphasizes action, adventure, horror, and plot twists rather than realism or scientific detail; Remender claims in the first issue that "science fiction has lost its stones" and that "Fear Agent" was his attempt to fight that trend. Numerous incidents that occur early in the series are left unexplained for a large period of the story in order to reinforce this.
Publication history.
The series launched in October 2005, published by Image Comics. It ran for 11 issues. In September 2006, Dark Horse Comics announced that "Fear Agent" would be moving to Dark Horse. The company reprinted the first trade paperback collection (originally published by Image), released on April 28, 2007. The second volume followed on May 30, 2007.
On June 13, 2007, Dark Horse began "Fear Agent: The Last Goodbye", a four-part mini-series telling of the alien invasion and creation of the Fear Agents by way of flashback after issue 10's events.
After completion of "The Last Goodbye" and a one-shot "Tales of the Fear Agent: Twelve Steps in One," Dark Horse resumed chronological numbering for the series with number 17, making "The Last Goodbye" issues 12–15 and the one-shot #16.
The series went on a hiatus with issue #27 (cover dated June 2009), following Remender signing an exclusive deal with Marvel, but restarted in July 2010 for the last five-issue storyline "Out of Step".
Synopsis.
Issues 1–4: "Re-Ignition".
Heath Huston is a Fear Agent, a member of a task force dedicated to eradicating alien threats to member planets, which in Heath's case, is Earth. A Mark Twain-studying redneck alcoholic from Texas, Heath spends his days conversing with Annie, the A.I. system of his spaceship.
After a close escape from the planet Frazterga, Heath is forced to investigate an abandoned space outpost with whom he cannot communicate. The compound has been invaded by Feeders, a plasmoid-like octopoid race that devour their victims using powerful stomach acids and reproduce more of their kind. Heath discovers that the race that uses them in biological warfare, the Dressites, who have previously attempted to destroy Earth, intend to make another attempt on the planet.
Heading back to Earth, Heath picks up Mara, another survivor from the mostly decimated Earth. Heath is sidetracked into joining with a race of seemingly primitive aliens, only to find they are not what they seem. It is revealed that Heath is the lone remaining Fear Agent, following the mass slaughter of all of the other Fear Agents in an unknown incident. Heath then discovers a member of the "primitive" race is planning to betray him and his brethren by giving him to the Dressite Empire, who have posted a bounty on his head for a prior incident.
Issues 5–10: "My War".
A race of aliens clone Heath and place his conscious mind in a new body. He sets out to go back in time, hoping to stop the robotic Tetaldians, the second alien race that has targeted Earth for destruction. Flashbacks reveal that an alien invasion lead to the deaths of Heath's son and father, explaining his hatred of those races. Heath successfully stops the Tetaldian threat early on.
Heath is imprisoned by The Keepers, a race of aliens responsible for the fabric of time who plan to restore the Teteldian Empire. After The Keepers release him, he becomes sexually involved with Mara. He then receives a message from a mysterious version of Mara, but disregards it. Heath returns to Earth to see if his wife, Charlotte is alive, but finds Earth overrun by the Dressen Empire, and believes Charlotte dead. An army of Dressites attack Heath, but a small army of Fear Agents rescue Heath. When the group return to their base on the Moon, Heath discovers Charlotte is now the head of the Earth rebellion, and is happily married to one of the other Fear Agents.
Issue 11: "Along Came a Spider".
An issue-long "Tales of the Fear Agent" illustrated by Francesco Francavilla. A population of human flies pays Heath to protect them from a race of spiders slowly taking over their world. However, when Heath becomes impregnated with the spiders' eggs he becomes the planet's greatest threat.
Issues 12–15: "The Last Goodbye".
Picking up at the end of the "My War" arc, Heath, after finding out that Charlotte has remarried, drunkenly reflects on the graves of his fallen comrades, leading to an interlude depicting the origins of the Fear Agents.
During an alien invasion of Earth, the entire population of Earth is seemingly decimated. Heath, a trucker, loses his entire family with the exception of his wife, Charlotte. The couple join a handful of survivors seeking refuge in the bomb shelter of a neighbor named Pete Timberson, where they are caught in the crossfire of a skirmish between a race of humanoid amoeba called the Dressites and a race of robots called the Tetaldians. Heath rallies the survivors to fight the invaders, and show them the meaning of the word "Fear", and thus, the Fear Agents are born. The Fear Agents scavenge advanced weaponry from defeated soldiers on both sides of the conflict, including rocket packs, powerful energy weapons, and conveyances that permit interstellar space travel and teleportation through wormholes. The Fear Agents amass an army of survivors and invade the Dressite base on the Moon. As this occurs, the Fear Agents on Earth discover one of their own is a traitor who used the wormhole teleportation technology to lead the Dressites to the Moon base, allowing them to set a trap with which they eradicate the agents invading the base. Heath is left believing that he is one of a few remaining resistance members.
Enraged at the loss of his comrades, Heath takes a bomb to the Dressite homeworld, despite his close friend Otto's dying wish that Heath not commit genocide of the entire Dressite race. Heath goes through with his plan. Later, after awakening back on Earth, Heath learns that the Dressites have left. A representative from the United Systems lands on Earth, and explains that the Dressite military was serving as their peace keeping force, and is very unpopular on their homeworld. Resentful of being ostracized at home and forced to protect other species far from home, the Dressites unfairly took out their frustrations on humanity. The representative believes that the Tetaldians carried out the genocide, but Charlotte realizes with horror that it was in fact her husband that killed trillions of innocent Dressites. Horrified at this, Charlotte leaves him. A bounty is then placed on Heath's head by the Dressites.
Issue 16: "Tales of the Fear Agent: Twelve Steps in One".
Heath works through a drunken haze to stop alien exploiters from endangering innocent lives in the name of profit.
Issues: 17–21: "Hatchet Job".
Mara's past is revealed in this story. A space pirate named Levi sells her and her family to a cannibalistic race looking for a foothold on Earth, sparking a lifelong desire for revenge on Mara's part.
Heath goes to the Feeders' homeworld to find their natural predator, a task in which he is reluctantly partnered with Charlotte's new husband. The Feeders capture them and force them to battle to the death, but even as Heath is losing, Charlotte's husband impales himself on Heath's weapon, revealing that the daughter he raised as his own is actually Heath's. Heath is sent free.
Meanwhile, Charlotte learns that the Dressites have promised to give her Levi's location in exchange for Mara's help in capturing the surviving Fear Agents. Charlotte's team ends up stranded on a planet whose inhabitants conducted an experiment that turned them into soul-eating ghouls. After some members of their team are killed, Mara sends a message to Heath the past but the Heath in the past disregards her message.
Heath makes his way to the planet and saves Charlotte, while Mara goes to Levi's pirate ship. She witnesses a Dressite telling one of his fellow pirates about Heath's bounty, but kills the pirate before he can tell his comrades. Heath tries to convince Mara not to kill Levi since it will spiral into more Galactic civil war. Levi fatally shoots Mara, and throws Heath out the airlock. Facing certain death, Heath admits to himself that he saw Levi taking the gun and let him shoot Mara anyway.
Issues 22–27: "I Against I".
After being travelling the other side of a black hole, Heath finds himself in another universe, and marooned on the desolate Planet Westx. A stranger in a strange place, the last Fear Agent enters a world populated by gun-slinging robots and venomous mutants in this six-part sci-fi Western.
Issues 28–32: "Out of Step".
The final storyline. Heath Huston is the only remaining human in a universe that has been totally amalgamated by Tetaldian robotic conquerors. As the Tetaldians continue to hunt him, Heath uncovers the history of the robot hordes and their secret co conspirators. His body aged and broken, he is finally presented with one final opportunity for redemption.
Collected editions.
Initial TPB Collections.
The series was collected into a number of trade paperbacks:
"Library Edition" (hardcover).
In December 2012 an oversized hardcover, dubbed the library edition was printed collecting issues #1–15 of the acclaimed Fear Agent comics, along with half of the Tales of the Fear Agent side-stories, covers, pin-ups, and artists' sketch galleries. The second volume originally planned to be released the following year was put on hold till it was released in April 2014.
This collects issues #17–32 of the popular series, also includes Tales of the Fear Agent bonus stories and a massive gallery of covers, sketches, and pin ups.
"Final Edition" (softcover).
In 2018, a new series of deluxe softcover collections were published by Image Comics.
TV adaptation.
In July 2009, Universal Pictures were in the early stages of developing a film based on the series.
In January 2020, David F. Sandberg, along with Evan Goldberg and Seth Rogen, were said to be adapting the comic book into a TV series for Amazon.

</doc>
<doc id="6922852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922852" title="Chuquibamba District, Chachapoyas">
Chuquibamba District, Chachapoyas

Chuquibamba District is one of twenty-one districts of the province Chachapoyas in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6922855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922855" title="Borodianka">
Borodianka

Borodianka (, ) is a rural settlement in Bucha Raion, Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine. It hosts the administration of , one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population: According to the 2001 census, its population was 12,535.
The town is located on the which is a tributary of the Teteriv River.
History.
The settlement was first mentioned in 1190 with its name recorded as Kozyatici.
In 1863 Borodianka became known for its anti-Russian uprising led by Władysław Żeleński as part of the January Uprising.
1930s - 1940s.
In December 1932, the first victims of the Holodomor fell. The exact number of deaths in Borodyanka from famine and famine-related diseases has not been established. In 1990, a cross was erected in the local cemetery at the site of the mass burial of Holodomor victims.
On the second day after the start of the German-Soviet War, the first echelons of those drafted into the Red Army were sent west from Borodyanka Station. 795 inhabitants of Borodyanka fought on the fronts of the Second World War, 240 of them died. 53 people from Borodyanka were sent to work in Germany. Hitler's occupiers burned 103 estates. On 8 November 1943 Borodianka was liberated by the Soviet regiments of 75th Guards Rifle Division from the occupation of Nazi Germany. Reconstruction work began immediately after its relief.
Post-war period.
In connection with the development of the socialist economy and the growth of the village in 1957, Borodyanka was classified as an urban-type settlement. In 1956, a bus began to run on the route Borodyanka - Borodyanka station. In 1970, 5,110 people lived in Borodyanka.
The village received a great impetus in its development with the construction of a branch of the Kyiv manufacturer "Red Excavator" (ATEK) (director - Kyryliuk VH, 19.11.1939 - 09.07.2002), which began in 1974. In the next two decades, housing construction for plant workers and the reconstruction of the central part of the village were launched. In 1985, a new school for 1,200 students was built at the expense of the excavator plant.
In the autumn of 1976, the Borodyanka collective farm (kolkhoz) named after Lenin was headed by A. M. Ignatov (24.10.1935 - 04.02.1994). During his leadership, a housing estate for collective farmers was built, production was significantly expanded with the introduction of processing shops.
In 1986, as a result of the Chernobyl accident, the village, as well as the entire Borodyanka district, was assigned to the zone of enhanced radioecological control.
In 1987, the village of Shevchenkove of the Borodyanka Village Council was included in the Borodyanka urban-type settlement.
In the early 90s, on the basis of the collective farm, agricultural firm "Renaissance" was established. In 1999, the kolkhoz land was disbanded and the Kolos private agricultural enterprise was established (headed by B. M. Batov).
Until 18 July 2020, Borodianka served as an administrative center of Borodianka Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Borodianka Raion was merged into Bucha Raion.
2022 invasion of Ukraine.
During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Borodianka was on the main axis of the Russian advance on Kyiv launched on 24 February 2022 and it came under heavy Russian air strikes and artillery shelling early in the war's 2022 campaign. Several apartment buildings and other civilian infrastructure were destroyed. Russian troops blew up bridges and blockaded the area — leaving survivors to starve as supplies couldn't reach the town. Russian soldiers looted shops and residences. 
Russian airborne troops had taken Hostomel and its airfield to the south-east of Borodyanka and since there was no big supply route further east along the Dniepr to Hostomel, Borodyanka became a key logistics connection. An infamous convoy ran through the town, entering from the north. Ukrainian forces counter-attacked and destroyed Russian defensive positions in the north-west along the highway.
By 30 March 2022, as the Russian forces — bogged down in a stalemate around Kyiv — withdrew to their launch point in Belarus, Borodianka had been devastated, its residential blocks left in ruins and civilians trapped in rubble. On 5 April 2022, Ukrainian officials warned that casualties in the town were likely higher than those in nearby Bucha. Inhabitants reported that Russian troops were deliberately targeting them and blocking rescue efforts during their presence in the area. Some people were reported abducted, interrogated and taken to Belarus. The bombardments were at the beginning of March, so in April, those who were hiding in the buildings' basements when they collapsed are dead. Excavation equipment is not readily available, leaving the death toll an early estimate of 200 to 400 people. A curfew was in place until April 7 for de-mining to take place. Volunteers were collecting bodies from accessible spaces.
In November 2022, a number of murals appeared on the walls of damaged buildings in the town. The anonymous British street artist Banksy later posted images of one mural on social media. French artist C215 (street artist) also painted murals in the city around the same time.
Until 26 January 2024, Borodianka was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Borodianka became a rural settlement.
Population.
Language.
Distribution of the population by native language according to the 2001 census:
Infrastructure.
During the Cold War it was home to the Borodianka Air Base. The town is notable for its private aviation airfield (one of the few in Ukraine) on the north-side of the town. A pavement company (Planeta RS) and a manufacturer of aluminum profiles (Alupol) are also located on the north-side. 
The M-07 (E373) motorway runs between the northern and southern parts.
The Borodianka railway station is in the southern part of Borodyanka. In its vicinity, there are Artek airplane maintenance company, a fuel depot (Amic Borodianka fuel depot) and a saw mill. The Borex manufacturing and distributing company is there too, it provides fuel making equipment from China's Gemco Anyang and machines for processing agricultural products.
Social sphere.
In the village there are 3 specialized secondary schools with in-depth study of individual subjects, a school of arts, and three kindergartens; an agricultural lyceum, which trains mechanics, drivers, gas and electric welders, indoor vegetable growers and cooks; a central district hospital and pharmacy; three pharmacies under private ownership; a nursing home (Korotenchikha Voryuga); and a dog shelter. There are branches of the State Savings Bank and branches of four joint-stock banks (Aval, Credit Agricole Bank, Oschadbank, Privatbank) and five cafes. The town also has a Palace of Culture; Taras Shevchenko, Central Library for Adults and Children's Library, Children's and Youth Sports School, Health Sports Club. A modern sports complex for the Sistema football club (President V. Pilipenko) with 4 football fields (central - heated for 5,000 spectators) and a sports hall was built in the district center. 
The village has five religious communities: the Ukrainian Orthodox Church, the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyiv Patriarchate, Evangelical Baptists, the Full Gospel Christian Church "Word of Faith", and the Seventh-Day Adventists. Religious buildings are represented by the Church of Evangelical Baptists and the Orthodox Church of St. Michael the Archangel, consecrated by Metropolitan Volodymyr of Kyiv and All Ukraine on September 19, 1999. The village has a memorial of glory to compatriots who died during the Second World War (Eastern Front of World War II), and the liberators of the village. A monument of art is a bust of Taras Shevchenko by sculptor MP Mishchuk, erected in August 1999 on the square named after the poet. 
A video reported by CNN on 6 April 2022 showed a bullet hole in the forehead of the Shevchenko bust. During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, most, if not all, of the above social sphere was obliterated.

</doc>
<doc id="6922857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922857" title="Afghan Arabs">
Afghan Arabs

Afghan Arabs (; ; ) were the Arab Muslims who immigrated to Afghanistan and joined the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet–Afghan War. The term does not refer to the history of Arabs in Afghanistan before the 1970s. Despite being referred to as Afghans, they originated from the Arab world and did not hold Afghan citizenship.
It is estimated that between 8,000 and 35,000 Arabs immigrated to Afghanistan to partake in what much of the Muslim world was calling an Islamic holy war against the Soviet Union, which had militarily intervened in Afghanistan to support the ruling People's Democratic Party against the rebelling jihadists. The Saudi Arabian journalist Jamal Khashoggi, who was the first Arab journalist from a major Arabic-language media organization to cover the Soviet–Afghan War, approximated that there were 10,000 Arab volunteer fighters in Afghanistan during the conflict. Among many Muslims, the Afghan Arabs achieved near hero-status for their association with the defeat of the Soviet Union in 1989, and it was with this prestige that they were later able to exert considerable influence in mounting jihadist struggles in other countries, including their own. Their name notwithstanding, none of them were Afghans, and some who were grouped with the community were not even Arabs. A number of the foreign jihadists in Afghanistan were Turkic or Malay, among other ethnicities, or non-Arabs from Arab countries, such as Kurds. 
To the Western world, the most notorious Afghan Arab fighter was Osama bin Laden, who immigrated to Afghanistan from Saudi Arabia and founded al-Qaeda, which carried out the September 11 attacks against the United States in 2001, prompting the American invasion of Afghanistan a month later. Bin Laden then took refuge in Pakistan (with alleged Pakistani support) until May 2011, when he was assassinated by U.S. Navy SEAL Team Six, though the American-led War in Afghanistan against the Taliban continued until August 2021.
Origin.
Pakistani military officer Hamid Gul, who led the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) from 1987 to 1989, stated of his country's role in recruiting Muslim volunteer fighters in Afghanistan: "We are fighting a jihad and this is the first Islamic international brigade in the modern era. The Communists have their international brigades, the West has NATO, why can't the Muslims unite and form a common front?"
Role of Abdullah Yusuf Azzam.
The Palestinian jihadist Abdullah Yusuf Azzam, who was assassinated in Pakistan in 1989, is often credited with creating enthusiasm for the Afghan mujahideen cause in Arab countries and throughout the broader Muslim world. Upon the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan in 1979, Azzam issued a "fatwa" ("Defense of the Muslim Lands, the First Obligation after Faith") declaring that jihad against the Soviet Union was "fard 'ayn" (a personal obligation) for every able-bodied Muslim man: "Whoever can, from among the Arabs, fight jihad in Palestine, then he must start there. And, if he is not capable, then he must set out for Afghanistan." Although waging a jihadist struggle against Israel was regarded with the most importance in the Arab world, for practical reasons, "it is our opinion that we should begin [jihad] with Afghanistan before Palestine." The edict was supported by other prominent sheikhs, including the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia (the country's highest religious authority) Abd al-Aziz ibn Abd Allah Al Baz.
Sometime after 1980, Azzam established the Maktab al-Khidamat to organize guest houses in Peshawar, a Pakistani city near the Afghan border, as well as jihadist training camps in Afghanistan to prepare international recruits for confrontations with the Soviet Armed Forces. With financing from Saudi Arabia, including from Bin Laden, Maktab al-Khadamat paid for "air tickets and accommodation, dealt with paperwork with Pakistani authorities and provided other such services for the jihad fighters" who had come from all over the Muslim world. During the 1980s, Azzam had forged close links with two of the Afghan mujahideen's faction leaders: Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, who was favoured by the Pakistani government; and Abdulrab Rasul Sayyaf, who was receiving close support from Saudi Arabian authorities for the purpose of spreading Wahhabism (a stream of Islamic revivalism that originated in 18th-century Saudi Arabia) throughout Afghanistan.
Azzam toured not only the Muslim world, but also the United States in search of funding and young Muslim recruits. He inspired young Muslims with stories of miraculous deeds: mujahideen who defeated vast columns of Soviet troops virtually single-handed, who had been run over by tanks and survived, who were shot and still unscathed by bullets; while angels were said to ride into battle on horseback, and falling bombs were said to be intercepted by birds, which raced ahead of Soviet fighter jets to form a protective canopy over the Muslim warriors in Afghanistan.
Estimates of the number of Afghan Arab that came from around the world to fight in Afghanistan include 8,000, 10,000, 20,000 and 35,000.
In the camps of the foreign volunteers, Azzam was said to be "able to exercise a strong influence on the unpredictable jihadists". His slogan was "Jihad and the rifle alone: no negotiations, no conferences and no dialogues." He emphasized the importance of jihad: "those who believe that Islam can flourish [and] be victorious without jihad, fighting, and blood are deluded and have no understanding of the nature of this religion," and that Afghanistan was only the beginning:
This duty [i.e., jihad] shall not lapse with victory in Afghanistan, and the jihad will remain an individual obligation until all other lands which formerly were Muslim come back to us and Islam reigns within them once again. Before us lie Palestine, Bukhara, Lebanon, Chad, Eritrea, Somalia, the Philippines, Burma, South Yemen, Tashkent, Andalusia ...
Sometime after August 1988, Azzam was replaced by Bin Laden as the leader of the Arab Afghans in Peshawar. In November 1989, Azzam was assassinated by a roadside bomb in an attack that is variously suspected to have been organized by one of three (or four) actors: Israel's Mossad and the United States' Central Intelligence Agency, owing to his ties with Hamas during the First Intifada; the Egyptian Islamic Jihad, with whose leader Ayman al-Zawahiri he had an emerging rivalry; or Afghanistan's KhAD, possibly to cause infighting among the jihadist cause during the Soviet–Afghan War.
Later foreign volunteers.
While there was generous financial aid to Afghan guerillas throughout the 1980s, most foreign Muslim fighters did not arrive in Afghanistan until the mid-1980s. By 1986, the Soviet Union had begun contemplating a military withdrawal from Afghanistan. As it became increasingly clear that the mujahideen's fight against the Soviet military was succeeding, it achieved more popularity with Muslims worldwide and thereby attracted more foreign volunteer fighters. Consequently, a significant amount of Arab jihadists arrived in Afghanistan when they were least needed; the late arrivals were reportedly twice the number of those who partook in the fighting against the Soviets at the height of the conflict.
Many of the later volunteers were different than the early "Afghan" Arab volunteers, who were inspired by Azzam, and have been criticized for being less serious:
Some Saudi tourists came to earn their jihad credentials. Their tour was organized so that they could step inside Afghanistan, get photographed discharging a gun, and promptly return home as a hero of jihad.
As the conflict continued, many Arab volunteers became sectarian and undisciplined in their violence, including in the Pakistani city of Peshawar, which served as the mujahideen's chief staging area and the centre of Afghan Arab activity.
These later expatriate volunteers included many sectarian Salafists and Wahhabists who alienated their hosts with their aloof manner and particular disdain for Sufism, which is held in high regard in Afghanistan and the Indian subcontinent. While the first Arab Afghans were "for the most part" welcomed by native Afghan mujahideen fighters, by the end of the conflict with the Soviets, there was a great deal of mutual antagonism between the two ethnic groups. The Afghan mujahideen resented "being told they were not good Muslims" and called the expatriate volunteers "Ikhwanis" or "Wahhabis" as a pejorative, and this resentment is thought by some (Marc Sageman) to have played a role in the relative ease with which the United States toppled the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
Salafi influence.
In the "great gathering" of international Islamists—Arabs, Afghans, and others—at camps and training centers around Peshawar, ideas were exchanged and "many unexpected ideological cross-fertilizations" took place, particularly a "variant of Islamist ideology based on armed struggle and extreme religious vigour" known as Salafi jihadism.
Globalization.
After the Soviet withdrawal.
The departure of the Soviets led to the start of the Afghan Civil War between Afghan Government forces and the so-called "Interim Afghan Government", Osama Bin Laden's Al Qaeda participated in the failed Battle of Jalalabad, Bin Laden personally led 800 Arabs to immobilize the 7th Sarandoy regiment but failed to do so leading to many casualties. At least 300 Arabs were killed by Afghan Forces during the Battle. The President of Afghanistan, Mohammad Najibullah was highly critical of Arab involvement in Afghanistan, claiming Wahabi Arabs would destroy Afghan values and culture and lead to an American invasion in the future. With the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, the Najibullah Government lost its most important trading partner. The new Russian government under Boris Yeltsin cut exports to Najibullah's Government and in 1992 President Najibullah was removed from power by 4 of his Generals and the Homeland Party government in Kabul ceased to exist in April 1992. After this, some foreign mujahideen stayed in Afghanistan participating in the following Civil War caused by the power vacuum left behind from the dissolved Afghan Military. These Arab foreign fighters served as the essential core of the foot soldiers of Osama bin Laden's Al Qaeda, bin Laden being seen, according to journalist Lawrence Wright, as "the undisputed leader of the Arab Afghans" by fall of 1989.
Others returned "with their experience, ideology, and weapons," to their home (or other Muslim) countries, often proceeding to fight jihad against the government there. However minimal the impact of the "Afghan" Arabs on the war against the Soviets, the return of the volunteers to their home countries was often not. In "Foreign Affairs" Peter Bergen writes:
The foreign volunteers in Afghanistan saw the Soviet defeat as a victory for Islam against a superpower that had invaded a Muslim country. Estimates of the number of foreign fighters who fought in Afghanistan begin in the low thousands; some spent years in combat, while others came only for what amounted to a jihad vacation. The jihadists gained legitimacy and prestige from their triumph both within the militant community and among ordinary Muslims, as well as the confidence to carry their jihad to other countries where they believed Muslims required assistance. When veterans of the guerrilla campaign returned home with their experience, ideology, and weapons, they destabilized once-tranquil countries and inflamed already unstable ones.
Bosnia–Herzegovina.
Three countries where Afghan Arabs had the biggest impact immediately following the war were Bosnia-Herzegovina, where they fought against Bosnian Serbs and Croats, Algeria and Egypt, where they fought the respective governments. According to Compass, 2,000 Egyptians and 2,800 Algerians were trained for combat in the Pakistan border area though not all of these volunteers saw action in Afghanistan. Several hundred had recently returned home by 1992.
In Bosnia the war ended with peace accords and American peacekeeping troops rather than sharia law. In both Algeria and Egypt after much blood letting the Islamist movement lost popular support and the government prevailed.
Bosnia was a major issue in the Muslim World which saw it as an aggression of Christians against Muslims and proof of Western double standards on human rights. About 4000 Jihadists from Peshawar and new international recruits went to fight in Bosnia, but their calls for Jihad and re-Islamization often fell on deaf ears among Bosnian Muslims which lacked a population explosion among the poor or a pious middle class that most Muslim countries had.
The Afghan Arab veterans formed a "El-Mudzahidun" regiment in August 1993 but hurt the Bosnian image internationally with "photographs of grinning Arab warriors brandishing the freshly severed heads of 'Christian Serbs'". The volunteers also took upon themselves Hisbah ("commanding right and forbidding wrong") and also attempted to impose the veil on women and the beard on men and in addition engaged in causing disturbances in the ceremonies of [Sufi] brotherhoods they deemed to be deviant, ... smashing up cafes, and ... [organizing] sharia marriages to Bosnian girls that were not declared to the civil authorities. After the 1995 Dayton Agreement (which gave Bosniaks control of 30% of the Bosnia and Herzegovina) were signed, all foreign volunteers were invited to leave the territory of Bosnia-Herzegovina and were replaced by NATO peacekeeping forces, a "bitter experience" for Afghan Arab jihadist-salafists. According to Gilles Kepel as of 2003, the only thing left of their presence are "a few naturalized Arab subjects married to Bosnian women."
Algeria.
Several veterans of jihad in Afghanistan were important in the Armed Islamic Group of Algeria or GIA—one of two insurgent groups fighting the government in the Algerian Civil War after the army intervened to prevent the leading Islamist party from winning elections scheduled for January 1992. Sief Allah Djafar, aka Djafar al-Afghani, spent two years in Afghanistan and in 1993 became "amir" of the GIA. Providing doctrinal justifications for the GIA and a "steady stream of pro-GIA publicity" for Muslims outside Algeria (until June 1996 when GIA atrocities became too much) were two other Afghan veterans, Abu Mousab (a Spanish Syrian) and Abu Qatada (a Palestinian).
The GIA slogan—"no agreement, no truce, no dialogue"—echoed that of Abdullah Azzam. The group was committed to overthrowing the "impious" Algerian government and worked to prevent any compromise between them and the Islamist FIS party. 
Under Djafar, the GIA broadened its attacks to include civilians who refused to live by their prohibitions, and then foreigners living in Algeria. By the end of 1993 26 foreigners had been killed. In November 1993 it kidnapped and executed Sheik Mohamed Bouslimani "a popular figure who was prominent" in the moderate Islamist Algerian Hamas party who refused "to issue a fatwa endorsing the GIA's tactics." Djafar was killed February 26, 1994, but GIA continued to escalate violence, massacring whole villages of peasants for their alleged apostasy from Islam manifested by their failure to support GIA's jihad. Though the "undisputed principal Islamist force" in Algeria in 1994, by 1996, militants were deserting "in droves", alienated by its execution of civilians and Islamists leaders and believing it to be infiltrated by government agents. By the end of the 1990s the group was spent, somewhere between 40,000 and 200,000 lives had been lost, and the once broad and enthusiastic support by voters for the anti-government Islamism was replaced "with a deep fear of instability". Algeria was one of the few in the Arab world not to participate in the Arab Spring.
Egypt.
In Egypt, "fundamentalists fighting the government in the 1990s included "several hundred 'Afghan' guerrillas". The main group was led by Ayman al-Zawahiri and Mohammed Shawky al-Istambouli—brother of the army lieutenant who led the assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in October 1981. Al-Istambouli established a base in Jalalabad, in eastern Afghanistan, during the war. (The Islamist terror group al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya still had about 200 men there in 1994.) A former army colonel and "prominent fundamentalist" who fled Egypt after the Sadat assassination, Ibrahim el-Mekkawi, maintained training camps and other bases near the Afghan-Pakistan border and directed the Islamic campaign in Egypt from Pakistan according to authorities in Cairo.
Egypt's institutions had more political strength and religious credibility than Algeria's, and hundreds rather than thousands were killed in the terror campaign before it was crushed in 1997–8. Al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya militants harassed and murdered members of the Coptic Christian minority, and by 1992 had broadened their targets to police and tourists, causing serious harm to Egypt's economy. Violence in Egypt reached its peak in the November 1997 Luxor massacre of 60 people most of whom were tourists.
Taliban-controlled Afghanistan.
In the mid- and late-1990s, the Afghan Arabs, in the form of the Wahhabi-oriented Al-Qaeda, became more influential in Afghanistan helping and influencing the Taliban. Several hundred Arab-Afghans participated in the 1997 and 1998 Taliban offensives in the north and helped the Taliban carry out the massacres of the Shia Hazaras there. Several hundred more Arab-Afghans, based in the Rishkor army garrison outside Kabul, fought on the Kabul front against General Ahmad Shah Massoud. At the same time the Taliban's ideology changed. Until the "Taliban's contact with the Arab-Afghans and their [the Taliban's] pan-Islamic ideology was non-existent." 
By 1996 and 1998, al Qaeda felt comfortable enough in the sanctuary given them to issue a declaration of war against Americans and later a fatwa to kill Americans and their allies. "The Arab-Afghans had come full circle. From being mere appendages of the Afghan jihad and the Cold War in the 1980s they had taken centre stage for the Afghans, neighbouring countries and the west in the 1990s." This was followed by al Qaeda 1998 American embassy bombings in African countries and the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Following the attacks of September 11, 2001, America invaded Afghanistan, deposing the Taliban, ending the heyday of the Afghan Arabs. During the American campaign in Afghanistan in late 2001, many coherent units of Arab fighters were destroyed by JDAMs. Some Arab fighters have been held by Afghan tribesman for ransom paid by Americans.
Characteristics.
Contributions to the Afghan mujahideen.
Perhaps the major contribution of the more serious Afghan Arab volunteers was humanitarian aid —- the setting up of hospitals around Peshawar and Quetta and providing funds for supply caravans to travel to the interior of the country. Abdullah Anas, himself one of the most famous of these Afghan-Arabs fighters, said that "90 percent were teachers, cooks, accountants, doctors [over the border in Pakistan]." The effectiveness of the Afghan Arabs in Afghanistan as a fighting force has been scoffed at, called a "curious sideshow to the real fighting," Estimates are there were about 2000 Arab Afghans fighting "at any one time", compared with about a 250,000 Afghan fighters and 125,000 Soviet troops.
Marc Sageman, a Foreign Service Officer who was based in Islamabad from 1987 to 1989, and worked closely with Afghanistan's Mujahideen, says
 Contemporaneous accounts of the war do not even mention [the Afghan Arabs]. Many were not serious about the war. ... Very few were involved in actual fighting. For most of the war, they were scattered among the Afghan groups associated with the four Afghan fundamentalist parties. 
One instance where the foreign volunteers did participate in the fighting is reported to have backfired disastrously, hurting the Afghan resistance by prolonging the war against the Afghan Marxist government following the Soviet withdrawal.
The March 1989 the Pakistani/American sponsored Battle for Jalalabad, was supposed to be the beginning of the end for the Afghan Communist government forces, the PDPA Government began negotiations with the "Interim Afghan Government". Unfortunately, radical non-Afghan salafists became involved, executing some 60 surrendering Communists, cutting their corpses into small pieces, and sending the remains back to the besieged city in a truck with the message that this would be the fate awaiting the infidels. Despite apologies and assurances of safety from Afghan resistance leaders, the Communists ended their negotiations of surrender, spurred them on to break the siege of Jalalabad launching over 400 Scud Ballistic Missiles at Mujahedeen(Interim Afghan Government) positions leading them to win the first major victory of the Civil War. The battle was an international embarrassment for the Pakistanis whom had supported the "Interim Afghan Government" causing the sacking of ISI head Hamid Gul In the words of Brigadier-General Mohammed Yousaf, an officer of the ISI, "the jihad never recovered from Jalalabad". Contrary to American and Pakistani expectations, this battle proved that the Afghan Army could fight without Soviet help, and greatly increased the confidence of government supporters. Conversely, the morale of the mujahideen involved in the attack slumped and many local commanders of Hekmatyar concluded truces with the government. Over 300 Arab foreign fighters were killed by Afghan Forces during the Battle.
Composition.
According to one source, some "35,000 Muslim radicals from 43 Islamic countries in the Middle East, North and East Africa, Central Asia and the Far East," fought for the Afghan Mujahideen. Tens of thousand more foreign Muslim radicals came to study in the hundreds of new madrassas in Pakistan and along the Afghan border, that the Pakistan government funded. Eventually "more than 100,000 Muslim radicals were to have direct contact with Pakistan and Afghanistan and be influenced by the jihad."
The Mujahideen of Afghanistan were divided into several factions and the Afghan Arabs helped some factions much more than others. Factions led by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar are described as having had good relations with Arab foreign fighters, Bin Laden would personally finance the 1990 Afghan Coup attempt by Hardline Communist Khalqists and Gulbuddin's Hezbi Islami. The faction led by Ahmad Shah Massoud, had good relations with Abdullah Azzam which is why Hekmatyar is one of the suspects for his demise alongside KhAD.
Pan-Islamism and martyrdom.
Afghan Arabs have been described as strongly motivated by hopes for martyrdom. Rahimullah Yusufzai, the Peshawar bureau chief for the Pakistani daily "News", remarked on his amazement that one camp of Arab Afghans pitched white tents on the front lines, where they were easy marks for Soviet bombers, then attacking the camp. When he asked the Arabs why, they replied: "We want them to bomb us! We want to die!" Bin Laden himself has said: "I wish I could raid and be slain, and then raid and be slain, and then raid and be slain."
Attitude towards the Western world.
The Afghan resistance "had been considerably romanticized in the American press and had made tours through American churches, where they were lauded for their spiritual courage in the common fight against Marxism and godlessness". Some of the Afghan Arabs "jihadis" who flocked to Afghanistan, however, saw themselves as opponents of the West every bit as much as of Communism.
French writer Olivier Roy, who spent some years in Afghanistan, and served with the United Nations Office for Coordinating Relief in Afghanistan (UNOCA), has written that the jihadis "did not become anti-Western after 1991 – they had always been so."
All westerners, like me, who encountered the so-called "Arabs" inside Afghanistan during the war of resistance were struck (sometimes physically) by their hostility. The Arabs constantly asked the Afghan "mujahideen" commanders to get rid of the "infidels" and to choose only good Muslims as supporters, and called for the expulsion of Western NGOs ... in many areas the "mujahideen" had to intervene to prevent physical assaults on westerners.
Author Gilles Kepel writes that in Peshwar Pakistan, some Afghan Arabs attacked "Europe and American humanitarian agencies ... trying to help the Afghan refugees."
In contrast according to former British Defence Secretary Michael Portillo, late Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto told him said Osama bin Laden was initially pro-American. According to Prince Bandar bin Sultan of Saudi Arabia, on the one occasion he met and talked to Osama bin Laden, bin Laden thanked him for his "efforts to bring the Americans, our friends, to help us against the atheists, he said the communists." However, Robert Fisk reported that in 1996 bin Laden considered Saudi Arabia to be a colony of the U.S., that the Saudi people regarded the U.S. as the "real enemy," and that the deaths of 600,000 Iraqi children due to UN sanctions amounted to a "crusade against Islam."
Connections with the Central Intelligence Agency.
Robin Cook, former leader of the British House of Commons and Foreign Secretary from 1997 to 2001, wrote in "The Guardian" on Friday, July 8, 2005,
Bin Laden was, though, a product of a monumental miscalculation by western security agencies. Throughout the 80s he was armed by the CIA and funded by the Saudis to wage jihad against the Russian occupation of Afghanistan. Al-Qaida, literally "the database", was originally the computer file of the thousands of mujahideen who were recruited and trained with help from the CIA to defeat the Russians. 
However the notion that the CIA had any contact with non-Afghan mujahideen and specifically bin Laden is disputed by a number of sources. According to Peter Bergen of CNN the story
that the CIA funded bin Laden or trained bin Laden—is simply a folk myth. There's no evidence of this. In fact, there are very few things that bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri and the U.S. government agree on. They all agree that they didn't have a relationship in the 1980s. And they wouldn't have needed to. Bin Laden had his own money, he was anti-American and he was operating secretly and independently.
The real story here is the CIA didn't really have a clue about who this guy was until 1996 when they set up a unit to really start tracking him.
Bergen quotes Pakistani Brigadier Mohammad Yousaf, who ran ISI's Afghan operation between 1983 and 1987: 
It was always galling to the Americans, and I can understand their point of view, that although they paid the piper they could not call the tune. The CIA supported the mujahideen by spending the taxpayers' money, billions of dollars of it over the years, on buying arms, ammunition, and equipment. It was their secret arms procurement branch that was kept busy. It was, however, a cardinal rule of Pakistan's policy that no Americans ever become involved with the distribution of funds or arms once they arrived in the country. No Americans ever trained or had direct contact with the mujahideen, and no American official ever went inside Afghanistan. 
According to Peter Beinart, 
Vincent Cannistraro, who led the Reagan administration's Afghan Working Group from 1985 to 1987, puts it, "The CIA was very reluctant to be involved at all. They thought it would end up with them being blamed, like in Guatemala." So the Agency tried to avoid direct involvement in the war, ... the skittish CIA, Cannistraro estimates, had less than ten operatives acting as America's eyes and ears in the region. Milton Bearden, the Agency's chief field operative in the war effort, has insisted that "[T]he CIA had nothing to do with" bin Laden. Cannistraro says that when he coordinated Afghan policy from Washington, he never once heard bin Laden's name.
According to Olivier Roy, "the CIA was not in charge (accusing Bin Laden of having been a CIA agent is nonsense) of the program" to enlist Muslim volunteers to fight Soviets in Afghanistan, "but it did not oppose the scheme or worry about it negative consequences."
The US attitude had more to do with benign neglect than Machiavellian strategy. Eagerness to claim absolute victory in Afghanistan, bureaucratic inertia, lack of concern and expertise, overconfidence in the Saudi and Pakistani security services ... all explain why nobody in Washington cared. 
However, Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman—a major recruiter of the Afghan Arabs—was given his visas to enter the US on four separate occasions by the CIA. Egyptian officials testified that the CIA actively assisted him. Rahman was a co-plotter of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.
See also.
Afghan conflict:
Chechen–Russian conflict:
Yugoslav Wars:
Iraqi conflict:

</doc>
<doc id="6922858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922858" title="Roger McKee">
Roger McKee

Roger Hornsby McKee (September 16, 1926 – September 1, 2014) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1943-44 for the Philadelphia Phillies while still a teenager.
Early life.
Roger McKee was born in Shelby, North Carolina in September 16, 1926, just a few weeks before his namesake, Rogers Hornsby, led the St. Louis Cardinals to victory in the 1926 World Series. (While McKee was usually called "Roger"s"", with a final "s", official records such as his World War II draft registration card and the 1940 Census indicate that he was given the more common first name, Roger.)
Baseball career.
Desperate for players, as many had gone off to war, the Phillies took a flyer on the 16-year-old McKee in 1943; he was the youngest player to appear in a National League game that season. He made his major league debut on August 18, 1943, in a home doubleheader against the St. Louis Cardinals at Shibe Park. On October 3, 1943, the last day of the season, McKee started the second game of a doubleheader against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Forbes Field and pitched a complete game, winning 11–3. 17 years and 17 days old at the time, McKee thus became the youngest pitcher in baseball history to be credited with a win and to throw a nine-inning complete-game victory; no pitcher as young as McKee has accomplished this since. 
In 1944, the then-17-year-old pitcher spent most the season with the Wilmington Blue Rocks, batting .225 as a first baseman and going 6-8 with a 4.25 ERA on the mound. But with the war still on, McKee got another chance to pitch in the majors; on September 26, 1944, he appeared in a contest against the Chicago Cubs in which Philadelphia was already trailing, 14-0. McKee tossed the final two innings of the game, allowing only one additional run; it would be his last MLB contest. Overall, he posted a 1–0 record and a 5.87 earned run average in five games (one start), allowing 10 runs on 14 hits and six walks, while striking out one in 15 innings of work. 
McKee was in the Navy in 1945, but returned to baseball the following year to play with the Phillies farm club in Terre Haute. He later switched to the outfield, but never returned to the big leagues, spending nine seasons in the minors through 1957, collecting a batting average of .287 and 115 home runs in 1,173 games. 
In 2014, Roger McKee died in his hometown of Shelby, North Carolina, 15 days short before of his 88th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="6922860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922860" title="Ivankiv">
Ivankiv

Ivankiv ( ) is a rural settlement in Vyshhorod Raion, Kyiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. It is situated on the left bank of the Teteriv River. Ivankiv hosts the administration of Ivankiv settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Its population was In 2001, the population had been 10,563.
History.
In the middle of the 15th century, the territory around modern Ivankiv was called "Zemlya Trudinivska" (Trudinivska Land). It was a property of Kyiv boyar Olehnja Juhnovich. In 1524 King of Poland Sigismund I the Old gave this land to Kyiv Burgess Tishko Proskura. In 1589 Ivan Proskura became the owner of this land. The town was founded in 1589 and named after Ivan Proskura. At first it was called "Ivaniv" and "Ivanivka" but later changed to "Ivankiv".
At the beginning of the 17th century, Crimean Tatars made four military campaigns on Polesia, and as a result, many people in Ivankiv were killed, taken prisoner and sold into slavery.
On 30 May 1645, the forces of Grand Crown Hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski attacked Ivankiv, which at that time belonged to Olizar Wołczkiewicz.
Until 18 July 2020, Ivankiv served as an administrative center of Ivankiv Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Ivankiv Raion was merged into Vyshhorod Raion.
The Ivankiv Historical and Local History Museum was reportedly destroyed during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, leading to the loss of over twenty works by the artist Maria Prymachenko. The settlement was used by the Russian military as a ground base for reinforcement in their push towards Kyiv. BBC quoted local residents saying that the occupying Russian forces did not allow evacuation and opened fire at anyone who tried to leave the settlement. On 1 April 2022, Ukrainian forces belonging to the 109th Battalion of the 10th Mountain Assault Brigade regained control of Ivankiv.
Until 26 January 2024, Ivankiv was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Ivankiv became a rural settlement.
Geography.
Located in the middle of Vyshhorod Raion, Ivankiv lies between Kyiv and Pripyat. It is located south from the Chernobyl power plant, with the entrance to the exclusion zone being located north, at Dytiatky. Ivankiv was not as affected by the Chernobyl disaster compared to other populated places.

</doc>
<doc id="6922861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922861" title="Makariv">
Makariv

Makariv () is a rural settlement in Bucha Raion, in Kyiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. It hosts the administration of Makariv settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. The population of the settlement is , down from 12,042 in 2001.
History.
The initial documented history of Makarov is connected with the village of Voronin, which was one of the Yasinets estates of the Lithuanian feudal lords Ivashentsevichs (). It was mentioned for the first time as part of the estates of the Yasinetsky family in 1506. Makar Vasentsevich, who began to live permanently in Voronin, changed his surname to Makarovich, and the name of the village to Makariv. There was a castle in Makarov from the 16th to the 18th century. In the last years of Polish rule, a small garrison armed with cannons was housed in the castle.
In the late 16th century Makarovichi built an estate. During the Khmelnytsky Uprising (1648–1676), the Makariv estate was burned down, and the local population actively joined the Ukrainian national liberation movement. Later, Makariv people participated in uprisings led by Detsyk (1660s) and Semen Paliy (1694). According to the terms of the Treaty of Prut (1711), Makarov remained under the rule of Poland. In early 18th century, the village belonged to Prince Lubomyrskyi, later to monk Kayetan Roscishevskyi, who in 1768 (during the Koliiv region) was forced to flee from the Haydamaks led by , whose troops took Makariv in mid-July 1768. Soon the resistance was harshly suppressed, and the leader was caught at a temple holiday in Makariv.
As a result of the Partitions of Poland (1772, 1793, 1795), in 1804 Makariv became the volost center in Kyiv Governorate of Russian Empire. As of 1846, 946 residents lived in it. The town had a Jewish community and had been the center of the Hasidic Makarov dynasty (Makariv being pronounced as "Makarov" in Yiddish).
In 1917, in particular, Makariv became the focus of a sharp struggle between the local bodies of the Ukrainian Central Rada and the Bolshevik revolutionary committee. During the Ukrainian Revolution (1917–1921), the government in Makariv changed several times, until in the summer of 1920 the town was finally occupied by Soviet Russia and, in 1921, annexed by USSR.
In the 1920s Makariv and surrounding villages experienced collectivization, and in the 1930s Stalinist terror. During the Holodomor (1932-33), crops and food products were taken from Makariv and the surrounding area, resulting about 3,450 deaths from hunger, including 99 children. The guilty are not punished.
During the Second World War, from July 10, 1941 to November 8, 1943, Makarov was under German administration and was part of the Reichskommissariat "Ukraine". At that time, the significant Jewish population of the city was subjected to genocide by the German occupiers, as in many similar towns of Ukraine. Partisan units of S. Kovpak and M. Naumov were based on the territory of Makariv district. Corresponding punitive actions were led by Germans against the local Ukrainian population.
Since 1991, Makariv has been in independent Ukraine. In the 1990s and 2000s, significant changes took place in the city's economy, but the city and district traditionally remain focused on the production and processing of agricultural products.
Until 18 July 2020, Makariv was the administrative center of Makariv Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Makariv Raion was split between Bucha and Fastiv Raions, with Makariv being transferred to Bucha Raion.
2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
In the early morning of 28 February the Armed Forces of Ukraine attacked a Russian military convoy in the city as part of the Kyiv offensive of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Later that day two civilians (a 72-year-old man and a 68-year-old woman) were killed when their car was blown apart by shots from a Russian infantry fighting vehicle at the intersection of Bogdan Khmelnytsky Street and Okruzhna Road, near the hospital.
On 2 March 2022, the Ukrainian military said that the settlement had been retaken from Russian forces by the 14th Motorized Rifle Brigade and the 95th Air Assault Brigade. On 7 March 2022, thirteen civilians were killed and five rescued in an air strike on a bakery and bread factory () there. On 9 March it was reported there was heavy fighting at Makariv and that Ukrainian troops still had control of the town. On 12 March it was reported that the town had been bombarded from the north, with significant damage to apartments, schools and a medical facility operated by Adonis Medical Group. On 15 March Ukrainian forces fought off a Russian attack but subsequent reports implied that the settlement had been retaken by Russian forces.
On 22 March 2022, the General Staff of the Armed Ukraine Forces announced that Makariv had been recaptured from Russian forces. They added that "the Ukrainian flag was raised over the town of Makariv".
Until 26 January 2024, Makariv was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Makariv became a rural settlement.
Population.
Language.
Distribution of the population by native language according to the 2001 census:

</doc>
<doc id="6922862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922862" title="Rokytne, Kyiv Oblast">
Rokytne, Kyiv Oblast

Rokytne () is a rural settlement located on the Ros River in Bila Tserkva Raion, Kyiv Oblast (region) of Ukraine. It hosts the administration of Rokytne settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population: . In 2001, population was 13,790.
History.
Until 18 July 2020, Rokytne was the administrative center of Rokytne Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Rokytne Raion was merged into Bila Tserkva Raion.
Until 26 January 2024, Rokytne was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Rokytne became a rural settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6922863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922863" title="Henry &quot;Junior&quot; Rodriguez">
Henry &quot;Junior&quot; Rodriguez



</doc>
<doc id="6922864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922864" title="Chuquibamba">
Chuquibamba

Chuquibamba (Quechua: "Chuqipampa", "chuqi" means "ore" and "pampa" means "plain") is a town in southern Peru, capital of the province Condesuyos in the region Arequipa. It is the seat of the Territorial Prelature of Chuquibamba.
The population of Chuquibamba is 3,066 according to the 2005 census. It is the location of the high school Colegio Nacional San Luis Gonzaga which is over 100 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="6922868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922868" title="Stavyshche">
Stavyshche

Stavyshche (, ) is a rural settlement in Bila Tserkva Raion, Kyiv Oblast (province) in central Ukraine, on the Hnylyi Tikych river. It hosts the administration of Stavyshche settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population: . In 2001, population was 7,929.
History.
At the end of the 16th century on the territory that belonged to the Bila Tserkva starosta Stanisław Lubomirski appeared a small settlement that was named as Lubomir. However, after several raids by Crimean Tatars it was razed. Only separate dwellings have survived among the local ponds. Note, the word stav in both Polish and Ukrainian languages means a pond, while suffix -shche (-shcha) means a geographic area, land. At the beginning of the 17th century the village of Stavyshche is mentioned in a list of the Ruzinski's domain. It is the first recorded mentioning of its existence. In 1622 it is already mentioned as one of villages of magnate Chodkiewicz in Kiev Voivodeship and was relieved of all taxes due its impoverishment by suffering from raids by Crimean Tatars and permanent stationing in the area of the Polish Royal troops. In 1635 Stavyshche was mentioned already as a town that had defensive fortifications and military garrison. It was granted the rights of Magdeburg law, according to which the local craftsmen were joining in crafts shops.
The town joined the Khmelnytsky Uprising of 1648-54. Just before the uprising one of Khmelnytskyi's envoys Yarema Konchevskyi who arrived to the town was reassured by its residents that the city's guns will not cause harm to the insurgents. It became a company (hundred) center of Bila Tserkva Regiment. In 1655 Bohdan Khmelnytsky engaged the Polish-Tatars army in battle at Stavyshche.
A decade later the town was the center of the Varenytsia Uprising. Its inhabitants did not accept the town’s return to Polish rule (1667) and rebelled repeatedly in the course of the next century (1702—04, 1730s, 1750s). With the partition of Poland in 1793, Stavyshche was annexed by Russia, and became part of Tarashcha county in the Kiev Governorate.
In the 19th century it acquired a distillery, flour mill, and brick factory. By 1900 its population had reached 8,500. Today the town has a construction company and a food industry.
Until 18 July 2020, Stavyshche was the administrative center of Stavyshche Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Stavyshche Raion was merged into Bila Tserkva Raion.
Until 26 January 2024, Stavyshche was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Stavyshche became a rural settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6922871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922871" title="Clement Rohee">
Clement Rohee

Clement James Rohee (born 16 March 1950) is a Guyanese politician who has been General Secretary of the People's Progressive Party (PPP) since 2013. Under the PPP government, he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 2001, Minister of Foreign Trade from 2001 to 2006, and Minister of Home Affairs from 2006 to 2015.
Life and career.
In his youth, Rohee joined the PPP's Progressive Youth Organization. Following the PPP victory in the 1992 election, he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 2001. He was Chairman of the Group of 77 in 1999. At a ceremony marking Guyana's assumption of chairmanship in January 1999, Rohee said that the international monetary system was at "risk for devastating failure" and was "severely flawed", pointing to the Asian financial crisis and calling for reform of the system.
From 2001 to 2006, he was Minister of Foreign Trade and International Co-operation. During this time, he was also the Ministerial Spokesperson of CARICOM regarding negotiations at the World Trade Organization from 2002 to 2006, as well as the Lead Ministerial Spokesperson of CARICOM regarding sugar from 2004 to 2006. In September 2006, he became Minister of Home Affairs in a cabinet reshuffle after the PPP won a fourth term in the 2006 election.
Rohee is a member of the Central Committee and the Executive Committee of the PPP. He has also served as a member of the PPP's Education Committee, as Secretary of the Central Committee responsible for International Affairs, and as Executive Secretary and Convenor of the PPP's Race Relations Committee. He has also served on the editorial board of the PPP journal "Thunder". At the party's 29th Congress, he received the 11th highest number of votes (507) in the election to the 35-member PPP Central Committee on August 2, 2008. He was then elected to the PPP Executive Committee and the "Thunder" editorial board on August 12, 2008.
In 2012, because of his oversight portfolio over Guyana's security sector, Clement Rohee was accused of being responsible for the deaths of three unarmed protesters in the Guyanese mining town of Linden during a protest against economic conditions in that town. He subsequently denied any responsibility for the killings at a special inquiry held in Guyana after the incident.
In July 2012, Guyana's opposition-dominated parliament passed a no confidence motion against Rohee, which urged him to resign over parliament's lack of confidence in him running the security sector. The PPP government refused to adhere to the opposition motion. The speaker of parliament later ruled that the opposition motion had no legal merit, and as such lifted the gagging motion against Rohee.
The PPP Central Committee elected Rohee as General Secretary of the PPP on 19 August 2013. Rohee succeeded President Donald Ramotar, who nominated Rohee for the post.

</doc>
<doc id="6922872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922872" title="Volodarka">
Volodarka

Volodarka (, ) is a rural settlement located on the Ros River in Bila Tserkva Raion, Kyiv Oblast (region) of Ukraine. The town is about 20 miles SSW of the city of Bila Tserkva. It hosts the administration of Volodarka settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population: . In 2001, the population was 7,639.
History.
In 1900, there were 2,079 Jews living in Volodarka. Nearly all of the town's Jews were murdered in the Holocaust, including in a mass killing in the Volodarka town park, where they were forced to dig their own graves before being shot and buried there, in July 1941.
The Battle of Wołodarka took place nearby in May, 1920.
Until 18 July 2020, Volodarka was the administrative center of Volodarka Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Volodarka Raion was merged into Bila Tserkva Raion.
Until 26 January 2024, Volodarka was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Volodarka became a rural settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6922874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922874" title="Divine Predecessors">
Divine Predecessors



</doc>
<doc id="6922875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922875" title="Zghurivka">
Zghurivka

Zghurivka or Zhurivka (; ) is a rural settlement in Brovary Raion, Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine. It hosts the administration of Zghurivka settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population: In 2001, population was 6,615.
History.
Until 18 July 2020, Zghurivka was the administrative center of Zghurivka Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Zghurivka Raion was merged into Brovary Raion.
Until 26 January 2024, Zghurivka was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Zghurivka became a rural settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6922880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922880" title="If it looks like a duck">
If it looks like a duck



</doc>
<doc id="6922884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922884" title="Lesley">
Lesley

Lesley is a placename, given name and surname, a variant of Leslie that can be male or female name and is ultimately an anglicization of a Scottish (Gaelic) placename.

</doc>
<doc id="6922885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922885" title="Jiraiyia">
Jiraiyia



</doc>
<doc id="6922888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922888" title="Kouga Gennosuke">
Kouga Gennosuke



</doc>
<doc id="6922899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922899" title="Garry Rogers Motorsport">
Garry Rogers Motorsport

Garry Rogers Motorsport is an Australian motor racing team. It is owned by retired racing driver Garry Rogers who began the team to further his own racing efforts. Based in Melbourne, originally out of a Nissan dealership owned by Rogers, the team has competed in a variety of touring car series in Australia ranging from relatively modest Nissan production cars to Chevrolet NASCAR race cars to building the GT specification Holden Monaro 427C. The team won the Bathurst 1000 in 2000 and also won both of the Bathurst 24 Hour races which were held in 2002 and 2003. In 2013 the team celebrated its 50th year in racing since Rogers made his debut.
Rogers has been famed as a talent spotter with a number of drivers finding their feet within GRM, including Steven Richards, Jason Bargwanna, Garth Tander, Jamie Whincup, Lee Holdsworth and Scott McLaughlin. Many of these drivers became future champions and Bathurst 1000 winners.
The team competed in the 2019 TCR Australia Touring Car Series with two Renault Mégane R.S TCR and an Alfa Romeo Giulietta Veloce TCR. They will enter the 2020 season as Renault Sport GRM, after being sponsored by Renault Australia, in which they will run three Renault Mégane R.S TCRs.
In 2018, Garry Rogers Motorsport built the first batch of S5000 single-seater race cars as a part of a partnership with the newly created S5000 Australian Drivers' Championship race category.
The early years.
Garry Rogers Motorsport has its origins in 1963 when Garry Rogers began racing Appendix J Holdens. He then went on to race Sports Sedans during the late 1960s and the 1970s. In the mid-1970s Rogers got more serious, running a BDA Escort in Sports Sedans with some success, before moving onto an ex-Ian Geoghegan Holden Monaro. Around this time, in late 1978, Rogers also moved into the Australian Touring Car Championship as a privateer in an ex-Bob Jane Holden Torana. He ran through until the end of 1979 in touring cars before turning his attention back to Sports Sedans, putting in a big effort in the 1981 Australian Sports Sedan Championship driving a Holden Torana LX SS A9X Hatchback.
The team disbanded while Rogers concentrated on his Nissan dealership and he drove for other teams at the Bathurst 1000, including Allan Browne's Re-Car team in 1982 paired with Ron Wanless (who famously drove the Commodore the wrong direction through pit lane without incurring a penalty). Rogers was a top 10 qualifier at Bathurst in 1983, partnering Clive Benson-Brown to a 13th-place finish after suffering brake problems, while in 1984 he drove with Melbourne's motor racing 'Gentleman', Captain Peter Janson in the Castrol 500 at Sandown, and the James Hardie 1000 at Bathurst in Janson's Commodore. The car failed to finish both endurance races.
As Australian touring car racing went to regulations based on FIA Group A from 1985, Rogers once again only drove at Sandown and Bathurst, teaming with Melbourne solicitor Jim Keogh in Keogh's ex-JPS Team BMW 635 CSi. After not finishing at Sandown, the pair finished 6th outright at Bathurst, 4 laps behind the TWR Jaguar XJS of John Goss and Armin Hahne.
GRM re-emerged in 1986 when he purchased a BMW 635 CSi from JPS Team BMW and drove it throughout that year's touring car season. The year included a win in one of the AMSCAR Series races at Amaroo Park. Rogers BMW carried sponsorship from Bob Jane T-Marts, with the car painted in Bob Jane's famous Hugger Orange. At the 1986 James Hardie 1000, Rogers teamed with Queenslander Charlie O'Brien. After qualifying 22nd, O'Brien started the race, but the car was struck down by a slipping clutch which led to its retirement after just 19 laps with Rogers not actually getting to drive.
After spending 1987 on ice, the team came back in late-1988 with a Les Small (Roadways Racing) prepared, but unsponsored Holden VL Commodore SS Group A SV at the Tooheys 1000, sharing the drive with American John Andretti, the nephew of motor racing legend Mario Andretti. Rogers had originally wanted Mario to drive with him at Bathurst, hoping his high-profile would help land a major sponsor, but the World Champion was unavailable and suggested his nephew as a replacement. Unfortunately though, the younger Andretti was recovering from a broken leg (he still needed crutches outside of the car), continued the tradition of American drivers not having a good Bathurst record and on lap 37 put the Commodore into the wall at Reid Park. To his credit Andretti admitted the accident was caused by driver error, going too fast, too soon, on cold tyres.
The Commodore was also run in selected (mostly Victorian based) rounds throughout the 1989 Australian Touring Car Championship. For the 1989 Bathurst 1000, Rogers accepted an offer to drive Colin Bond's Caltex CXT Race Team's second Ford Sierra RS500 with Ken Mathews (the car was the Sierra that Tony Longhurst and Tomas Mezera had driven to victory the 1988 race). Rogers and Mathews failed to finish the race. In the early 1990s GRM turned its attention to the Calder Park Thunderdome and the AUSCAR series running a variety of Ford Falcons during the category's heyday (during the 1990s AUSCAR fields were dominated by the Holden Commodore). At first, Rogers drove the car himself alongside Paul Fordham. Garry slowly eased himself out of regular driving, putting Steven Richards in the seat. The team also secured a major sponsor in Valvoline along the way.
In this time the team also competed in Production Car racing at events such as the Winton 300 and Bathurst 12 Hour. The team used a Nissan Pulsar and a 300ZX due to Rogers' links with Nissan (he owns a Nissan dealership in Melbourne). Rogers also ran and then assisted Formula Ford teams during the 1990s, helping title sponsor Valvoline's promotion of Australian motorsport, as well as helping drivers such as Steven Richards and Garth Tander.
Super Touring.
GRM joined the fledgling Australian Super Touring Championship in 1995 with young lead driver Steven Richards driving the team's Alfa Romeo 155. Quickly Richards was established as one of the series leading privateers, finishing ninth in the burgeoning championship. In 1995 the team replaced the Alfa with a Honda Accord and Richards used it to win the Privateers Cup and place fifth in the championship behind the two factory supported BMW and Audi drivers. The team continued into 1996, replacing the Honda with a Nissan Primera but the team's form slipped, distracted by their new V8 Supercar and Richards finished seventh, losing the Privateers Cup to Cameron McLean.
Supercars Championship.
1990s.
Garry Rogers Motorsport joined the Australian Touring Car Championship in 1996 with Richards a driving a Holden VS Commodore sourced from Gibson Motorsport. The team expanded to two cars in 1998, with Jason Bargwanna driving the second car. Richards went to England for a test drive with the Nissan team in the British Touring Car Championship and was replaced by 1997 Australian Formula Ford champion Garth Tander. Bargwanna scored the team's first race win at Calder that year, also finishing second for the round. Tander scored the team's first round win in 1999 at Queensland Raceway and he and Bargwanna finished second in the Queensland 500 in the same year.
2000s.
The 2000 season remains the team's most successful season to date. Tander won three rounds (including the Bathurst 1000 with Bargwanna) and finished runner-up to Mark Skaife in the title. Tander led the series early in the season but a couple of bad rounds in the middle of the season allowed Skaife to take the championship lead. Compared to 2000, 2001 was a poor season for the team, with Tander and Bargwanna finishing tenth and fifteenth in the points respectively and a best finish of second for Tander in Canberra. Bargwanna took his final win for the team at Surfers Paradise in 2002 before switching to Larkham Motor Sport for the 2003 season. He was replaced by 2002 Australian Formula Ford champion Jamie Whincup.
GRM was one of the first teams to use the Holden VY Commodore for the 2003 season, with Tander driving the new model car. Whincup would drive an older model VX Commodore. Whincup was sacked at the end of the season and was replaced by Cameron McConville for 2004. McConville took the team's first round win in two years in controversial circumstances at Winton when he passed Rick Kelly on the second last corner of the race just after the end of a yellow flag zone. Tander left the team at the end of 2004 for what was then called Kmart Racing and was replaced by Andrew Jones. Jones was sacked after Bathurst and was replaced by Dean Canto for two of the final three rounds of 2005 and the 2006 season. Lee Holdsworth also joined the team in 2006, as well as driving in the final round of 2005, with McConville moving to Paul Weel Racing. The team scored one race win in 2006 with Canto winning the reverse grid race at Barbagallo after Team Kiwi Racing driver Paul Radisich spun off the track at the last corner.
2007 saw the team's first major livery change since joining the sport, with the traditional blue, white and red replaced by black, silver and red. Major sponsor Repco also left the team. Holdsworth and Canto remained with the team with Canto driving a new Holden VE Commodore. Holdsworth remained in a VZ Commodore until the Queensland Raceway round. Holdsworth was involved in a serious crash in Round 4 at Winton when his car slid off the circuit and went backwards into the wall at high speed. Holdsworth rebounded quickly to score his maiden V8 Supercar round win at Oran Park Raceway. After qualifying a career best fourth, Holdsworth dominated the final race of the weekend in very wet weather after a good strategy call from the team at the start of the race. Holdsworth was commended for his composure during the race while other, more experienced drivers made errors.
Michael Caruso joined the team for 2008, replacing Canto. No wins came for the team in this season, however Holdsworth finished second at the Clipsal 500 and he and Caruso finished fifth at the L&amp;H 500. Caruso won his first race in 2009, holding off a late race charge from Alex Davison in the Sunday race at Hidden Valley. Holdsworth was again on the podium at the Clipsal 500, finishing second in the Saturday race. The team also achieved a podium at Bathurst, with Holdsworth and Caruso finishing third. The second car of Greg Ritter and David Besnard looked like being in a position to win the race in the closing stages before a poorly timed safety car meant that they only finished ninth.
2010s.
2010 saw the team's major sponsor change from Valvoline to Fujitsu with the livery changing in accordance, to red and white separated by black lines. The Clipsal 500 saw Holdsworth finish on the podium at the event for the third year in a row, Holdsworth taking third place on Sunday. The team came very close to winning the Bathurst 1000, with Holdsworth and Besnard leading the majority of the race. A drive-through penalty for speeding in pit lane with thirty laps to go meant that the pair would only finish in seventh place, while Caruso and Ritter finished tenth. Holdsworth won the final race of the year at the Sydney 500 after taking both pole positions for the event.
Holdsworth and Caruso remained with the team in 2011 for their fourth consecutive season at teammates. The team was only able to achieve three podium results, with Holdsworth finishing second at Hamilton and at Winton and third at the 2011 Gold Coast 600, driving with Frenchman Simon Pagenaud. Caruso achieved a best result of fourth at the Sydney 500. Holdsworth left the team to join Stone Brothers Racing in 2012 and he was replaced by French driver Alexandre Prémat, while Caruso entered his fifth season with the team. The team struggled to find pace during the year, with a best result of fourth for Caruso at Hidden Valley, while Prémat struggled for most of the season. Prémat showed good pace at the Sydney 500, however, before retiring from the Saturday race with heat exhaustion. He was unable to take part in the Sunday race and was replaced by Development Series champion Scott McLaughlin.
For 2013, McLaughlin was signed to drive for the team full-time alongside Prémat, with Caruso moving to Nissan Motorsport. Under the new New Generation V8 Supercar regulations, the team performed strongly at the start of the year with Prémat and McLaughlin finishing fourth and sixth respectively in the first race of the season at the Clipsal 500. McLaughlin went on to finish in the top ten in the first six races, becoming the youngest ever V8 Supercar race winner when he took victory at Pukekohe. However, his fortunes changed following this victory, only taking three top ten finishes in the next fifteen races. Queensland Raceway saw a return to form, with McLaughlin taking a second place and a victory. He was on track for another podium in the final race before a tyre failure dropped him down the field. Both cars finished in the top ten at the Sandown 500, with McLaughlin and Jack Perkins finishing eighth and Prémat and Greg Ritter finishing tenth. McLaughlin finished the year tenth in the points standings while Prémat finished in nineteenth.
Volvo.
In June 2013 it had been announced that the team would switch to running the Volvo S60 for the 2014 season, in a collaboration with Volvo Cars and Polestar Racing. As a result of the Swedish manufacturer's involvement, Prémat was dropped in favour of Swedish driver Robert Dahlgren. While Dahlgren largely struggled, McLaughlin achieved considerable success, winning four races and the 2014 Plus Fitness Phillip Island 400 event on the way to finishing fifth in the championship. In 2015, the second car was driven by David Wall and in 2016 by James Moffat. In 2015, Polestar was split in half and GRM no longer had an association with the Polestar brand as of 2016. In 2016 the team however did feature branding of Cyan Racing, the new name for the former racing arm of Polestar, and Volvo Dealer Racing. It was then announced that the team's association with Volvo would end at the conclusion of the 2016 season, with the cars and engines to be returned to Sweden. On track, after a winless 2015 the team returned to form at the 2016 WD-40 Phillip Island SuperSprint with McLaughlin winning both races over the weekend, and ultimately finishing 3rd in the drivers' championship.
Return to Holden.
In January 2017, it was announced that the team would return to running Holden Commodores, after Volvo withdrew from the series. Garth Tander, who was with the team from 1998 to 2004, returned to the team to replace Scott McLaughlin, who left the team to join DJR Team Penske. The team only scored a single podium at Phillip Island, with Tander, as well as adding James Golding as a wildcard throughout the year. Moffat left the team at the end of 2017 and was replaced by Golding. In 2018, they ran ZB Commodores, replacing the preceding VF Commodores. The team also scored a single podium at Melbourne, with Tander. At the end of the 2018 season, their main sponsor, Wilson Security, withdrew sponsorship and was replaced with Boost Mobile. Garth Tander was also dropped from the team and was replaced with Richie Stanaway. No podiums came from the team as Stanaway was forced to withdraw from the last race at Winton to Queensland Raceway, due to a pre-existing neck injury sustained in a Formula 3 accident years ago, with Chris Pither for Winton and Darwin while Michael Caruso made a one-off return to the team at Queensland Raceway.
Withdrawal from Supercars.
In mid October 2019, Garry Rogers announced that they won't be returning to the Supercars grid for the 2020 season, citing escalating costs of competing and a model that required them to purchase parts rather than develop them as the reasons for his decision to withdraw from the series. At the end of the season, Richie Stanaway announced his retirement from motorsport altogether and James Golding went to Charlie Schwerkolt's Team 18 as a Co-Driver for the Enduro Cup.
TCR Australia.
In 2019, the team entered into the TCR Australia Touring Car Series, entering in a single Alfa Romeo Giulietta Veloce and two Renault Mégane R.S'. Jimmy Vernon with withdrawn halfway through the series and was replaced with Jordan Cox for the remainder of the series. The team claimed seven podiums from Cox, James Moffat and Chris Pither. In 2020, Renault increased sponsorship with the team, to be renamed to Renault Sport GRM and add a third car into the main team, with James Moffat and Dylan O'Keeffe the confirmed drivers. They will also increase their presence through the series as GRM Customer Racing, with an Alfa Romeo Giulietta Veloce and a Peuegot 308 driven by Jordan Cox and Jason Bargwanna respectively, and Team Valvoline GRM, who also runs with an Alfa Romeo Giulietta Veloce and a Peuegot 308 driven by Michael Caruso and Aaron Cameron respectively.
Australian Touring Car Championship and Supercar drivers.
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the Australian Touring Car Championship and Supercars, in order of their first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics.
Super2 drivers.
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the Super2, in order of their first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics.
TCR Australia drivers.
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the TCR Australia, in order of their first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics.
Bathurst 24 Hour and Nations Cup.
In 2002 Holden Motorsport was looking at running a Holden Monaro in the Bathurst 24 Hour endurance sports car race against the likes of the Lamborghini Diablo GTR, Ferrari 360 N-GT, Chrysler Viper ACR and Porsche 911 GT3. After the Holden Racing Team reportedly turned down the job of building the Monaro, GRM accepted the job of building the car as well as running it. The car ran a GRM developed version of the Chevrolet Corvette C5-R's 7.0 litre (427 cui) motor which had taken numerous class wins in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The GRM engines were built by the team's engine builder Mike Excel. The car became known as the Holden Monaro 427C.
In its race debut, the 2002 Bathurst 24 Hour, Tander qualified the bright yellow #427 car (nicknamed the "Nuclear banana") in second place behind the N-GT Ferrari F360 driven by Brad Jones. After taking the lead from the John Bowe driven Ferrari at the start, the car suffered an early flat tyre which dropped it to second behind the Cirtek Motorsport Porsche 911 GT3 of David Brabham, while the Ferrari had already suffered the first of two engine failures early on and was out of contention. Then, just a few hours into the race, the entire fuel cell of the Monaro needed to be replaced, dropping the car 13 laps behind the Porsche. The team overcame the fuel cell problem as well as the car becoming jammed between gears just before sunrise after Nathan Pretty was hit by the BMW 318i of Debbie Chapman in The Chase, which also caused damage to the driver's side door. The Monaro spun and stalled, jamming the gearbox, forcing Pretty to get out and rock the car back and forth to clear the problem, a task made difficult by the Monaro's Sequential transmission. By the 18-hour mark the GRM entry had clawed its way back to second place, only three laps behind the lead. The Porsche struck trouble with a broken half-shaft, causing the car to pit for four laps. The GRM Monaro re-took the lead, despite the Monaro pitting at the same time as the Porsche to replace rear suspension bolts that had broken away from the chassis. When the Porsche returned to the track, Allan Grice, told to drive as fast as possible, hit the wall on the top of the mountain while attempting to lap the Mosler MT900R driven by Mark Pashley which broke the Porsche's rear suspension and took it out of contention. Upon its return to the track Darren Palmer put the car into the wall at Griffin's Bend with no steering, a legacy of the Grice crash. The Monaro, driven by Tander, Pretty, Steven Richards and Cameron McConville, ran in the lead for the last five hours to win the race by 24 laps from the British entered Mosler of Martin Short. In the race, Tander's fastest race lap of 2:14.3267 was actually quicker than Brad Jones' pole time of 2:15.0742.
In 2003 GRM built a second car for the legendary touring car driver Peter Brock. It was this second car which won the 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour with Jason Bright, Todd Kelly and Greg Murphy sharing the driving with Brock. The winning car from 2002, driven by the same four drivers as the previous year, finished second, less than one second behind after 24 hours of racing. With seven minutes to go in the race, and with the two Monaros running nose to tail, Garry Rogers gave Murphy and Tander permission to race each other to the finish, with orders to respect the work put into the event by the team and not to take each other out. Tander was all over Murphy in the final four laps of the race and set the race's fastest lap of 2:14.489 with just three laps to go, while Murphy's corresponding lap time was a 2:14.499, which was his car's fastest lap of the race. Tander's last chance at snatching victory from Murphy with a last lap lunge into Murray's Corner was thwarted due to yellow flags on the last lap forcing him to stay behind and finish second. For Brock, the 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour would be his last win at Mount Panorama, and would be seen by some (including himself) as his tenth Bathurst win, despite the race not being the traditional Bathurst 1000 where he had scored his nine other wins dating back to 1972.
After the teams 1-2 finish in the 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour, Garry Rogers said in an interview with Australian Muscle Car (AMC) Magazine that with the restrictions that PROCAR forced the team to have on the 7.0 litre V8s, such as induction and rev limits, he believed the cars would actually have been faster using the smaller Gen III production based engine which would have been almost restriction free, as seen with the Mosler MT900R which used the 5.7 litre motor. He also refuted that having a professional team such as GRM made the car unbeatable at Bathurst, stating that had anyone built a V10 Viper to at least the same standards and had professional drivers like the Monaros instead of part-timers and gentlemen drivers, then "nobody would have seen which way they went", as during the Nations Cup Championship, Greg Crick's privately entered Viper had shown on a small budget that it was capable of beating the Monaros.
Ten years later, in a late 2013 interview with AMC to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour and GRM's switch from Holden to Volvo in 2014, Rogers proclaimed that winning the two Bathurst 24 Hour races and finishing 1–2 in 2003 was the crowning achievement for his team during their 25 years running Holdens which spanned from 1988 until 2013. Former GRM driver and 2002 Bathurst 24 Hour winner Garth Tander also told in the article that while many people were surprised that the Monaros were five seconds slower around the Mount Panorama Circuit than the V8 Supercars were at the time, especially given that the Monaros ran the 7.0 litre engines while the V8 Supercars were restricted to 5.0 litre V8s, the Monaro weighed in at over 1,600 kilograms, nearly 300 kg heavier than a V8 Supercar. Tander also said that the top speed of the Monaros on Conrod Straight was only around , compared to the V8s which were reaching just under , though he did point out that the Monaros were two seconds faster from Griffin's Bend to McPhillamy Park.
The 2002 Bathurst 24 Hour race-winning Monaro currently resides at the National Motor Racing Museum, located at Mount Panorama in Bathurst. The 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour winner is currently owned by a historic car racing enthusiast, the third Monaro driven by James Brock was placed under auction on 20 February 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="6922903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922903" title="Granada District">
Granada District

Granada District is one of twenty-one districts of the province Chachapoyas in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6922906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922906" title="Tom Kalin">
Tom Kalin

Tom Kalin (born 1962) is a screenwriter, film director, producer, and Professor of Professional Practice in Film at Columbia University in the City of New York.
His debut feature, "Swoon", is considered an integral part of the New Queer Cinema. In addition to his feature work, Kalin has created a number of short films, many of which are collected in the compilations "Behold Goliath or The Boy With the Filthy Laugh", "Third Known Nest" and "Tom Kalin Videoworks: Volume 2".
Much of Kalin's work touches on issues of homosexuality (both modern-day and historical) and AIDS. He was a member of two AIDS direct action groups, ACT UP and Gran Fury. His work has won much critical acclaim and garnered a number of awards and nominations, including honors from the Berlin International Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival, Tribeca Film Fest and a number of gay and lesbian film festivals. Kalin won the Gotham Awards Open Palm Award (for "Swoon") and has been nominated for two Independent Spirit Awards.
Kalin's last feature film was "Savage Grace", the story of the 1972 Barbara Daly Baekeland murder case. Julianne Moore stars as Baekeland.
Tom Kalin has taught graduate-level filmmaking classes at Columbia University School of the Arts, and is currently lecturing at the European Graduate School in Switzerland.
He is a 2011 Guggenheim Fellow.
Life and career.
Early life and education.
Tom Kalin was born into a lower middle class Irish-Catholic family in Chicago, Illinois. His household consisted of 11 siblings with the oldest being 19 years older than Kalin. Kalin received a BFA in painting from the University of Illinois in 1984 and a MFA in Photography and Video from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1987.
Art and activism: Gran Fury &amp; ACT UP.
In the 1980s and 1990s, Tom Kalin worked with ACT UP and was one of the founding members of the AIDS activist artist coalition called Gran Fury. Gran Fury created public service announcement videos such as "Kissing Doesn't Kill," part of a campaign that included postcard mailing and city bus advertisements, whose intent was to raise awareness of the failures in government response.
"Swoon".
During the 1990s, Kalin began a project called Third Known Nest where he made a short 3-4 minute film every year that reflected the loss and pain caused by the AIDS epidemic. In an interview with the La Guardia and Wagner Archives, Kalin describes his belief in the importance of filmmaking: "I think there's something really valuable about making work and being honest about it in very ugly times. It's easy to make work in the happy times of life, but what I think is beneficial to other people is to try to be honest about really painful, difficult times in your life, and I think of that as that. I think of me telling the truth about what happened in a kind of indirect way – they're lyrical, short films; they don't explain everything."
"Swoon", Kalin's feature film debut in 1992, was based on the 1924 Leopold and Loeb murder case. Unlike "Rope", the 1948 Alfred Hitchcock film about the same case, "Swoon" sought to depict a stylized allegory relevant for an era filled with fear about the AIDS crisis and anger towards an unresponsive government. The reception to "Swoon" was mixed; the screening at the San Francisco Gay and Lesbian Film Festival caused criticism about the film's presentation of homosexual deviance. The film's purpose was not negative representation but was instead inspired by anger towards social causes for injustices such as the AIDS crisis, and the 1986 Bowers v. Hardwick case that was used criminalize homosexuality. Kalin wanted to make a "radical, political movie, actually, in a genre form," setting his story in a film noir background. The total cost of the film in 1992 was $250,000; it was filmed in 16mm within 14 days.
Partial filmography.
Director
Writer
Producer

</doc>
<doc id="6922914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922914" title="Overlord (1990)">
Overlord (1990)



</doc>
<doc id="6922916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922916" title="Robert D. Yates">
Robert D. Yates

Robert David Yates (December 27, 1857 in Brooklyn; September 19, 1885) was an American draughts champion and medical doctor. He was considered to be prodigious at draughts and was the only American to hold the title of world champion in the 19th century, which he won from James Wyllie in 1876 at age 18. He held the title until 1878 when he retired as world champion and the title reverted to Wyllie. He died of typhus at age 27 while serving as ships physician aboard the steamship Scheidam and was buried at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="6922918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922918" title="Printing run">
Printing run



</doc>
<doc id="6922934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922934" title="Eldorado High School">
Eldorado High School

Eldorado High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6922950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922950" title="Humming Urban Stereo">
Humming Urban Stereo

Lee Ji-rin (; born 1981), better known as Humming Urban Stereo () is a South Korean electropop singer-songwriter. The one-man band debuted in 2004 with the extended play, "Short Cake", and has since released five full-length albums. Guest vocalists, notably the late Lee Jin-hwa (aka Humming Girl) and Shina-E, have appeared on many of Humming Urban Stereo's songs.
Career.
Humming Urban Stereo's first album was "Very Very Nice! and Short Cake", released in January 2005. Its most popular song, "Hawaiian Couple", a top ten hit that reportedly sold over 500 000 downloads, came from the band's second album, "Purple Drop", released in March 2006. Hawaiian Couple was also featured in the film My Love, a popular 2007 South Korean romantic comedy, directed by Lee Han.
In February 2007 the band released its third album, Baby Love.
In March 2012, the main female vocal "Humming Girl" Lee Jin-hwa died in Japan. Her cause of death was a heart disease. Lee Jin-hwa flew to Japan to study abroad in 2007 after singing for Humming Urban Stereo, and had been living alone since for six or seven years.
In 2013, Humming Urban Stereo came back with "Sparkle," a full-length album under Ji-rin's own label.
For the band's 10th anniversary, they released the album "Reform," covering old hits such as 'Scully Doesn't Know', 'Insomnia', 'Bullshit', 'Salad Day' and their biggest hit 'Hawaiian Couple' having guest vocals from mainstream artists such as G.Na, NS Yoon G, Narsha of Brown Eyed Girls, and Ashley of Ladies' Code.

</doc>
<doc id="6922956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922956" title="L. William Paxon">
L. William Paxon



</doc>
<doc id="6922958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922958" title="Nausea (Beck song)">
Nausea (Beck song)

"Nausea" is a song by Beck. It was released as the first single from his 2006 album "The Information". It reached #13 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The song appears in the 2010 film "Repo Men".
"Nausea" is chiefly an acoustic song with elements of funk and heavy use of various percussion. Beck said he wanted the song "to sound like the Stooges in South America." When performed live, it is done in more of a punk rock vein, more akin to the Stooges.
Beck said that the song's music came quickly, as part of a 7-day marathon of jamming and writing and then going back and taking bits of the jam and expanding. He also said during a performance in May 2006 that he had written it a couple of years before. This would imply it was recorded during one of the earlier sessions for the album.
"Nausea" made its live debut on May 24, 2006, in Davis, California. It was played on the "Late Show with David Letterman", during which Sacha Baron Cohen's fictitious Borat made a guest appearance playing the berimbau. Before the performance, Letterman showed a copy of "The Information" with a sticker of his face on the front. Beck performed "Nausea" on "Saturday Night Live" on October 28, 2006.
Beck has performed the song close to 100 times. Although it was released as a single, it is not common for Beck to perform the song live.
Music video.
There have been four music videos for this song. The first one was made for the deluxe edition of "The Information" that came with a free DVD with low budget music videos for all the songs on the album. In this video, he is playing in a mansion with people behind him playing guitars. The second video shows Beck walking through a city street with people which turns out to be a music video set. The third features Beck and his band with his concert puppets. The fourth was a skateboarding video in which he did not appear.

</doc>
<doc id="6922960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922960" title="Autobarn Racing">
Autobarn Racing

There are several motor racing teams which have been called Autobarn Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="6922961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922961" title="1994 Little League World Series">
1994 Little League World Series

The 1994 Little League World Series took place between August 22 and August 27 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Coquivacoa Little League of Maracaibo, Venezuela, defeated the Northridge Little League team of Northridge, California, in the championship game of the 48th Little League World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="6922963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922963" title="Mad honey">
Mad honey

Mad honey is honey that contains grayanotoxins. The dark, reddish honey is produced from the nectar and pollen of genus "Rhododendron" and has moderately toxic and narcotic effects.
Mad honey is produced principally in Nepal and Turkey, where it is used both as a traditional medicine and a recreational drug. In the Himalayan range, it is produced by Himalayan giant honey bees ("Apis laboriosa"). Honey hunting in Nepal has been traditionally performed by the Gurung people. The honey can also be found rarely in the eastern United States.
Historical accounts of mad honey are found in Ancient Greek texts. The Greek military leader Xenophon wrote in his "Anabasis" about the effects of mad honey on soldiers in 401 BCE. In 65 BCE, during the Third Mithridatic War, King Mithridates used mad honey as a biological weapon against Roman soldiers under General Pompey. During the 18th century, mad honey was imported to Europe where it was added to alcoholic beverages.
Historical accounts.
Historical accounts of mad honey stretch back over two millennia. Early accounts by Ancient Greek historians noted the properties of the honey and its floral origins. There are a few accounts of its use as a biological weapon, usually as experienced by foraging soldiers.
The 6th-century BCE "Homeric Hymn to Hermes", part of the "Homeric Hymns", may indirectly allude to the use of mad honey. The text refers to the "melissai" (bee-oracles) of Delphi's Mount Parnassus who could prophesy only after ingesting "meli chloron" (green honey), and may have been referring to Pythia, the Oracle of Delphi.
The Greek military leader and historian Xenophon wrote an account of a 401 BCE incident involving mad honey in his work "Anabasis" about the expedition of the Ten Thousand. In his account, he describes how Greek soldiers traveling near Trabzon (now part of Turkey) near the Black Sea, ate mad honey and then became disoriented, suffering vomiting and diarrhea, and no longer able to stand. The soldiers recovered the following day.
Roman and Greek authorities believed mad honey could cure insanity. Aristotle noted that "at Trapezus honey from boxwood has a heavy scent, and they say that healthy men go mad, but that epileptics are cured by it immediately". Roman naturalist Pliny the Elder referred to mad honey as "meli mænomenon" and was among the first to recognize that the toxicity was linked to oleander, azalea, and "Rhododendron" species.
Historians also noted that mad honey's potency or intoxicating effects varied seasonally or cyclically. Pliny noted that the honey was most hazardous after wet springs, while Greek physician Pedanius Dioscorides noted that the honey was only dangerous in certain seasons.
Mad honey was used as an early biological weapon in the Black Sea region. In 65 BCE, during the Third Mithridatic War, King Mithridates staged a strategic withdrawal from Roman soldiers under General Pompey. Possibly under the counsel of Greek botanist Kateuas, Mithridates had the withdrawing soldiers place combs of mad honey on their path. The Roman soldiers who ate the honey succumbed to mad honey intoxication and were slain. The Greek geographer Strabo described the incident as having wiped out three maniples of Romans, which could mean anywhere from 480 to 1,800 soldiers.
Other incidents of honey poisonings may have been caused by mad honey. In 946, allies of Queen Olga of Kiev sent several tons of fermented honey to her Russian foes. 5,000 Russians were massacred as they lay in a stupor. Later in 1489, in the same region, Tatars consumed casks of mead made using mad honey that had been left in an abandoned camp. 10,000 of the Tatars were slaughtered by Russians.
During the 18th century, around 25 tons of mad honey were exported from the Black Sea Region to Europe every year. It was known then in France as "miel fou" (crazy honey) and was added to beer and other alcoholic drinks to give them extra potency. American botanist Benjamin Smith Barton observed that beekeepers in Pennsylvania became intoxicated by mad honey. They added the honey to liquor and sold the concoction in New Jersey as an elixir they named 'metheglin' (mead). Barton noted that the inebriation began pleasantly, but could suddenly turn "ferocious". Former Confederate surgeon J. Grammer described in 1875 in "Gleanings in Bee Culture" that there were several incidents with soldiers from the South involving mad honey intoxication.
The chemical compound andromedotoxin (grayanotoxin I) was isolated from Trabzon honey by German scientist P. C. Plugge in 1891. The 1929 edition of the "Encyclopædia Britannica" dismissed the notion of poison honey as described in Greek and Roman texts, concluding that "in all likelihood the symptoms described by these old writers were due to overeating" or that the honey had been eaten on empty stomachs.
Prevalence and harvesting.
"Rhododendron" species and other plants in the family Ericaceae produce grayanotoxins. Honey made from the nectar contains pollen from these plants as well as the grayanotoxins. Mad honey is darker and redder than other honeys, and has a slightly bitter taste. Due to its reddish color, it is sometimes called "rose of the forest honey". Mad honey is produced in specific world regions, notably the Black Sea Region of Turkey and Nepal.
Small-scale producers of mad honey typically harvest honey from a small area or single hive, producing a honey containing a significant concentration of grayanotoxins. In contrast, large-scale honey production often mixes honey gathered from different locations, diluting the concentration of any contaminated honey. A Caucasus beekeeper noted in a 1929 article in "Bee World" that the potency of the honey could vary across a single honeycomb and that the most dangerous mad honey was produced at high elevations during dry spells.
In Turkey.
In Turkey, mad honey is known as "deli bal" and is used as a recreational drug and traditional medicine. It is most commonly made from the nectar of "Rhododendron luteum" and "Rhododendron ponticum" in the Caucasus region. Beekeepers in the Kaçkar Mountains have produced mad honey for centuries.
In the Hindu Kush Himalayan region.
Mad honey is produced in the foothills of the Himalayas by Himalayan giant honey bees ("Apis laboriosa"). In southern Asia, "Apis laboriosa" nests are found mostly in the Hindu Kush Himalayan region. The bees produce mad honey in the spring when plants from the family Ericaceae, such as rhododendrons are in bloom.
"Apis laboriosa" nests consist of single, open combs with large bases reaching . The hives are built on tree limbs or steep, southeast or southwest-facing rocky cliffsides, at elevations of , often situated underneath overhanging ledges where they are protected from the elements.
Honey gathering.
In central Nepal and northern India, the Gurung people have traditionally gathered the honey for centuries, scaling cliffsides to reach the hives. Residents collect the honey twice a year, once in late spring and once in the late fall. The honey hunters use rope ladders with wooden rungs to access the nests and set fires underneath to smoke out the bees.
"Apis laboriosa" populations in Nepal have experienced dramatic declines due to overharvesting, hydroelectric dam and road construction, and the loss of water sources. Population decline is also attributed to deforestation and landslides. In Nepal, there has been an annual 70% decline in honeybee populations in Himalayan cliffs. A specialist with the International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development reported in 2022 that there had been a decrease both in the number of cliffs that host bees and in the number of colonies each cliff supports. Recommendations for sustainable honey harvesting include leaving half of the newly formed combs undisturbed and only harvesting portions of the combs.
In other regions.
United States.
Mad honey is rarely produced in the United States. According to Texas A&amp;M professor Vaughn Bryant, an expert on honey, mad honey is produced in the Appalachian Mountains in the Eastern U.S. when a late cold snap kills most flowers but not rhododendrons. Honeys produced from mountain laurel ("Kalmia latifolia") and sheep laurel ("Kalmia angustifolia") also contain grayanotoxins and are potentially deadly if large quantities are eaten.
Europe.
In Europe, honey containing grayanotoxins is produced from "Rhododendron ferrugineum", which occurs in the Alps and Pyrenees. However, no grayanane intoxication cases have been reported for honeys from the European Union.
Physiological effects.
Consumption of mad honey can cause a poisonous reaction called grayanotoxin poisoning, mad honey disease, honey intoxication, or rhododendron poisoning. The honey is the most common cause of grayanotoxin poisoning. Bees are not affected by grayanotoxins.
In humans and some other animals, grayanotoxins act on the central nervous system, binding to sodium ion channels and preventing them from closing. This results in low blood pressure (hypotension) and reduced heart rates (bradycardia). Corresponding effects include lightheadedness, blurred vision, dizziness, and respiratory difficulty. In some cases, blood pressure may be reduced to potentially dangerous levels, causing nausea, fainting, seizures, arrhythmia, atrioventricular blocks, muscle paralysis, and loss of consciousness.
The degree of mad honey intoxication depends on the quantity consumed as well as the concentration of grayanotoxins. It may act as a hypnotic, with milder symptoms including tingling sensations, numbness, dizziness, swooning, and giddiness. With stronger doses, the effects may include delirium, vertigo, nausea, psychedelic optical effects such as tunnel vision and whirling lights, hallucinations, and impaired speech where syllables and words are spoken out of sequence. The recovery time ranges from hours to days, but most symptoms typically subside after 12 hours.
A 2015 systematic review of 1199 cases of mad honey intoxication found no reported deaths. Treatments for mad honey poisoning include atropine, adrenaline, and saline infusions.
Usage.
Mad honey is most frequently produced and consumed in regions of Turkey and Nepal as a traditional medicine or recreational drug. It is used as a traditional medicine to treat sore throat, arthritis, diabetes, and hypertension. In the Turkish Black Sea Region it is used to treat indigestion, abdominal pain, gastritis, peptic ulcers, and the flu.
For centuries, in the Caucasus, small amounts of Pontic azalea honey have been added to alcoholic drinks to amplify the intoxicating effect. In Turkey, a spoonful of mad honey is traditionally added to milk as a tonic. Mad honey was banned in South Korea in 2005.
Mad honey is also thought to help with erectile dysfunction and increase sexual performance. Most cases of mad honey poisoning are experienced by middle-aged men.

</doc>
<doc id="6922968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922968" title="Antonei csoka">
Antonei csoka



</doc>
<doc id="6922979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922979" title="Mad honey disease">
Mad honey disease



</doc>
<doc id="6922986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922986" title="Bullers shearwater">
Bullers shearwater



</doc>
<doc id="6922993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6922993" title="Antonei Csoka">
Antonei Csoka

Antonei Benjamin Csoka is a biogerontologist at Howard University who works on the molecular biology of aging, regenerative medicine, and epigenetics.
Education.
Csoka earned a bachelor's degrees at Newcastle University in Genetics. He has a master's in Molecular Pathology from University of Leicester and a PhD in Cellular and Molecular Biology from University of Debrecen.
Research career.
He was a member of the consortium that identified the Lamin A gene as the cause of the accelerated aging disease Hutchinson–Gilford progeria syndrome and participated in the first National Institutes of Health – Progeria Research Foundation workshop. He also showed that progeria is a true representation of aging with respect to cellular signaling pathways, and truly recapitulates the normal aging process at the cellular level. He currently researches the molecular etiology of aging at the level of signaling pathways.
Publications.
Csoka has authored and co-authored over 40 scientific papers.
Life extension activities.
Csoka is a proponent of life extension, cryonics, and transhumanism, and has been identified as one of the top twenty-three socially connected professors on Twitter. He is a scientific advisor to the Alcor Life Extension Foundation, the UK Cryonics and Cryopreservation Research Network, and the Lifeboat Foundation, a fellow of the Global Healthspan Policy Institute, and was featured in the first Immortality Institute film, Exploring Life Extension (2005) produced by Bruce Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="6923002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923002" title="When I'm Gone (3 Doors Down song)">
When I'm Gone (3 Doors Down song)

"When I'm Gone" is a song by American rock band 3 Doors Down. It was released on September 23, 2002, as the lead single from their second album, "Away from the Sun". It peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in April 2003. The song also spent seventeen weeks atop the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart from November 2002 through March 2003, becoming one of the longest-running number-one singles on that chart. The song also peaked at number two on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart, blocked from the number one spot by Queens of the Stone Age's "No One Knows" on the issue dated February 15, 2003. It spent one week atop the Top 40 Mainstream chart for one week on May 3, 2003, and also peaked at number three on the Adult Top 40 chart.
Background and meaning.
"When I'm Gone" was written by Brad Arnold, Matthew Roberts, Todd Harrell and Christopher Henderson. "There are only a few songs we’ve written on the road and 'When I’m Gone' is the only hit we’ve written on the road," Todd Harrell said on 3 Doors Down's official website. "We were playing it in Europe and could immediately tell it was something special. From day one, it got the crowd up. I always knew it would do well," Harrell continued.
Brad Arnold wrote the song thinking of unconditional love, for when being removed from loved one by miles, or time, or other obstacles. "When I'm Gone" does not necessarily mean being gone permanently. "It's asking a question, just please love me when I'm gone. And not just like when I'm dead and gone, but when I'm gonna come back. And that's kind of one thing it's about. But at the same time it's kind of about unconditional love. It's a lot of different statements it's asking of the person in that song. And it's like just the fulfillment of those different needs for every situation that it mentions. So I guess that song is just about needing someone really to be there for you unconditionally, and when you're gone," Arnold said of the song.
Music video.
There are two music videos for the song. The official music video was directed by The Emperor. It features the band performing live on the USS "George Washington" in the Mediterranean Sea on October 2, 2002. Although the lyrics don't have anything to do with the navy or war, the music video was dedicated to all military personnel serving in the United States military.
The original video features the band members in a swamp, being buried alive while playing. It was directed by Marc Klasfeld.
Track listings.
Australian CD1
Australian CD2
Canadian CD single
European CD single

</doc>
<doc id="6923005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923005" title="2006 Arizona Proposition 204">
2006 Arizona Proposition 204

Proposition 204 of 2006, or the Humane Treatment of Farm Animals Act, was a law enacted by the voters of Arizona by means of the initiative process. It requires that pigs and calves used for veal on factory farms be given enough room to turn around and fully extend their limbs. The Act was approved in a vote held as part of the 2006 Arizona state elections, held on November 7. It passed with over 62% support.
Provisions.
The Act amended the Arizona Revised Statutes by adding a new provision, Section 13-2910.07 of the Criminal Code. This states that:
Campaign.
Proposition 204 was sponsored by Arizonans for Humane Farms, a coalition of animal welfare organizations, including the Arizona Humane Society, the Humane Society of the United States, the Farm Sanctuary, and the Animal Defense League of Arizona. It was opposed by the Campaign for Arizona Farmers and Ranchers with funding from agribusiness proponents such as the American Veal Association, the National Pork Producers Council, the AZ Cattle Feeders Association, AZ Pork Council, American Farm Bureau Federation, AZ Farm Bureau Federation, AZ Cattleman's Association, and the United Dairymen of Arizona.
The chairperson of the Yes on Proposition 204 campaign was Cheryl Naumann, president and CEO of the Arizona Humane Society. Another spokesperson was Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, and the campaign was also endorsed by the radio celebrity Paul Harvey. More than 200,000 Arizonans signed petitions to place the measure on the ballot. More than 100 Arizona veterinarians endorsed Proposition 204. It was also endorsed by the "Arizona Republic" the "Arizona Daily Star", the "East Valley Tribune" the "Scottsdale Tribune", the "Northwest Explorer", and the "Tucson Weekly".
The opposition to Proposition 204 argued that the primary organizers of the initiative were anti-meat groups, and that a similar measure passed in 2002 in Florida had led to the bankruptcy of a farm in that state. However, the Florida Farm Bureau explicitly denied the claim that any farms went out of business as a result of the 2002 ballot measure in that state. In an article published the week after the 2002 election, a spokesman for the Bureau stated that "It's because of low prices, not the amendment". However, in an article the following month in the "St. Petersburg Times", one of the two Florida hog farmers covered under Proposition 204 stated that he had slaughtered all of his sows because of the expense of complying with it.

</doc>
<doc id="6923013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923013" title="Gregg Rakoczy">
Gregg Rakoczy

Gregg Adam Rakoczy (born May 18, 1965) is an American former professional football player who was a center in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland Browns from 1987 to 1990 and the New England Patriots from 1991 to 1992. Rakoczy played college football for the Miami Hurricanes and was selected in the second round of the 1987 NFL draft with the 32nd overall pick. He is originally from Medford Lakes, New Jersey, and attended Shawnee High School in Medford Township, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="6923015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923015" title="Broodmare">
Broodmare



</doc>
<doc id="6923021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923021" title="Team Kiwi Racing">
Team Kiwi Racing

Team Kiwi Racing is a multi-championship winning racing team that is based in New Zealand and has competed in the Australian V8 Supercar series, the Australian Carrera Cup Series, The New Zealand 2.0ltr Touring Car Championship, The NZV8 Championship and BMW Championship Series, BMW e46 Spec Championship, BMW Mini Challenge Championship, Australia V8 Supercar Development Series, Porsche Rennsport Australia and the LK500 Endurance series in New Zealand. The Kiwi team has supported and still continues to do so to-date a number of up and coming young Kiwi drivers from grass root level motorsport through local domestic and international competition.
History.
Team Kiwi Racing is a New Zealand-based motorsport team that has achieved plenty of note-worthy results as a team and for Kiwi drivers since their debut in 1999, both on the domestic New Zealand and International Motorsport stages. Debuting in 1999 with a two car team in the New Zealand 2.0L Touring Car championship, Team Kiwi Racing built two P11 Nissan Primera's to take on the BMW Factory backed team that had dominated the New Zealand 2.0L Touring Car Championship for many years. TKR Owner David John provided the two TKR seats in the teams Nissan Primera's to Jason Richards and Angus Fogg with both driver also being employed by TKR as full-time staff. Richards helped with the promotions and marketing while Fogg was in charge of the workshop and the build of the team's Nissan Primera race cars. Team Kiwi Racing announced their arrival in style on debut in the New Zealand 2.0L Touring Car Championship with the TKR Nissan Primera's taking home first position (Jason Richards) and second position (Angus Fogg) in the championship ending the dominance of the factory BMW team. Team Kiwi Racing went on to achieve back to back championship titles in 2000 and 2001 with Jason Richards winning the 2.0L Touring Car Championship two years in a row for TKR with Angus Fogg securing second in 200 and third in 2001.
In 2000 Team Kiwi Racing owner David John honored his commitment to Jason Richards and Angus Fogg and made the significant step from domestic to international competition. Debuting at Bathurst in November 2000 as the first ever New Zealand based V8 Supercar team to compete in the Australian V8 Supercar Championship, the teams All Black Supercar numbered #777 finished 16th at Bathurst out of 50 plus starters and on a track that neither TKR driver had raced on before or even raced a Supercar prior to this debut race. TKR used Holden vehicles as their choice of race cars until the end of the 2006 season. TKR did run a two car team at the Adelaide round and the event at Pukekohe in the 2001 V8 Supercar Championship for lead driver Jason Richards and for fellow Kiwi Angus Fogg, before deciding to focus on a single car team moving forward for Jason Richards midway through 2001.
TKR punched well above their weight as part of the Australian V8 Supercar Championship, as a privateer team that did not enjoy the benefits of factory support. TKR achieved their first podium finishes at the Canberra street race, their first Pole Position at the 2004 Winton round in very trying conditions then achieved a podium place for the round in the 2005 Shanghai round, finishing third for the round. TKR finished 6th in Perth after leading the entire race from start to within 100m of the finish line where Radisich was spun around coming onto the front straight while leading. A top 8 position finish at Bathurst, 3rd in race 2 in Canberra and a number of other top ten results and not worthy achievements in the Supercars Championship. 
During the 2006 Bathurst 1000 endurance race at Mount Panorama, driver Paul Radisich crashed at around 200 km/h head on into a tyre barrier, flipping the car on the roof. The roof had to be cut off to get Radisich out and he was taken to hospital where he was in a serious but stable condition. The car was so badly damaged that the team was unable to race at the following Indy 300 round on the Gold Coast. To honor the teams Supercar franchise agreement the team leased a chassis from Paul Morris Motorsport to replace the damaged car for the remainder of the season, with former driver Craig Baird and young NZ driver Chris Pither driving the car at the Tasmania &amp; Bahrain rounds respectively. The car was then driven by Fujitsu V8 driver Tony Evangelou for the final round at Phillip Island.
For the 2007 season, TKR, Ford Performance Racing and Prodrive Australia entered discussions that would see TKR buy an FPR Falcon with technical support from FPR. Despite many thinking this was a factory backed deal with support from Ford NZ and Ford Australia, this was not the case. TKR was grouped with FPR due to their technical partnership, reducing TKR's available test days. Radisich was retained as the lead driver, although he missed the season opening Clipsal 500 as his recovery from the Bathurst accident continued. In May 2007 a dispute between Radisich, TKR and FPR broke out. Radisich accused TKR of breaching its contract with FPR and went out to the media with a statement saying in some way TKR had breached their contact with Radisich, despite Radisich being contracted to TKR not FPR in any manner, way, shape or form and even before TKR and FPR had officially parted ways or TKR announcing what plans TKR had in pace post FPR.
TKR sold the ex FPR car back to FPR and contrary to what was said in the press FPR was not left out of pocket one cent. Needless to say TKR and Radisich parted company seeing Radisich out of a drive.
After missing Eastern Creek, Hidden Valley Raceway and Queensland Raceway allowing time for the preparation of a new car and engines to be completed it was announced that TKR had struck a deal with fellow Ford team Stone Brothers Racing. New Zealand Rookie Shane van Gisbergen was announced as the TKR driver to replace Radisich.
Van Gisbergen went on to prove himself as a talented young Kiwi driver with plenty of potential so much so that Stone Brothers Racing fast tracked van Gisbergen in to their team after only completing his first season of two with TKR.
Looking to continue with the opportunities that Team Kiwi Racing was established to provide Kiwi drivers and helping them with financial support and guidance to be able to establish themselves in the Australian V8 Supercar Championship, it was announced that in 2008 Kayne Scott would drive for TKR. Scott drove eight rounds and the team rotated the car through a number of drivers such as Chris Pither, Steve Owen, Daniel Gaunt and for special promotional purposes to provide V8 Supercars additional media exposure throughout the UAE, Team Kiwi Racing provided Bahrain domestic series driver Fahad Al Musalam with the opportunity to drive the TKR V8 Supercar at the Bahrain round of the V8 Supercar Championship.
With the team struggling to get on-top of the ex888 Ford Falcon throughout the 2008 season, TKR decided that after a discussion with Paul Morris it would be better for TKR to go back to what they knew, having already purchased two PMM built V8 Supercar previously.
In 2009 to help reset TKR's foundations after a second big and costly Bathurst accident in as many years, TKR decided to provided the drive to former Carrera Cup racer Dean Fiore who was in a position to bring some sponsors to the team and could help TKR get back on track without TKR having to fund all of the seasons running and crash damage budgets as they had done for all TKR drivers over the previous years.
In 2009 around the time of the global melt down the ANZ bank in New Zealand called in a bank overdraft facility that the ANZ bank had loaned the Team Kiwi Racing business of which David John had personally guaranteed. As Mr John had signed as a guarantor for a $300,000 overdraft facility for Team Kiwi Racing to get the team back on track with new cars engines etc. after the 2006 Radisich crash and again after the 2007 Pither Bathurst crash the ANZ bank went after John to make the repayment rather than Team Kiwi Racing who the loan and asset security of the loan was with.
Despite Mr John explaining to ANZ bank that Team Kiwi Racing had ample assets to cover the loan (which the bank knew as they had a security over such team assets) and that the race season had started and therefore he need the bank to work with him and wait till years end (7 months), to ensure the team honored all of their obligations under their Supercar franchise agreement and made it possible to cash up the $350,000 worth of Official Team Merchandise that Team Kiwi Racing had on hand or sell off assets in a timely manner to repay the loan at years end so the team could continue in the Supercar Championship, the ANZ bank refused to wait and proceed with bankruptcy proceedings against Mr John personally not Team Kiwi Racing who the loan was provided to. Ironically the ANZ's actions proceed with bankruptcy proceedings against Mr John personally were quickly annulled with-in weeks of the banks actions. It is prudent to note that an annulment is something that only happens when it is clear there are more assets than debits and a business or in this case Mr John was actually able to cover such a loan repayment given the time to do so, which ANZ did not allow in this case. In fact not one person was left out of pocket contrary to some media stories, or an annulment would not have been provided.
While John was focused on a way forward with Team Kiwi Racing in the Supercars Championship and having kept V8 Supercars up dated on all of the above, John was blindsided by V8 Supercars when they moved to seize TKR's Racing Entitlement Contract after the Hamilton round of the Championship in order that it would be sold. Interesting the TKR franchise was sold by V8 Supercars to the very same driver that Mr John had already contracted as the TKR driver for the 2009 season being Dean Fiore and the same family Mr John had been in discussions with himself as a last resort and before V8 Supercars stepped in. The Fiore family used the franchise to start Triple F Racing .
Despite the disappointment after so much hard work to provided the opportunities that TKR had over their time in the Supercars Championship Team Kiwi Racing has continued to focus on the support and development of young up and coming Kiwi drivers. In 2009 Team Kiwi Racing (TKR) secured 2 x BMW Minis to run in the New Zealand BMW Mini Challenge Championship for Matt Hamilton and Ryan Bailey. Both TKR BMW mini's dominated the BMW Mini Challenge Championship with Matthew Hamilton taking out first position and Ryan Bailey taking out second position for a TKR one two in the Championship.
As a reward Team Kiwi Racing ran Hamilton in the 2010 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series in Australia, but only for the first three rounds.
Not content with a one two in the 2009/10 Championship TKR purchased a third BMW Mini Challenge racecar for the 2010/11 Championship season. This saw Ben Dallas, Matthew Gibson and Craig Innes selected to drive the TKR car this season. And what a season it was with the TKR not only winning back to back Championship titles but TKR also took out second and third position for a clean sweep of the podium at years end. 1st was Ben Dallas, 2nd Craig Innes and third was Matthew Gibson rounding out the TKR clean sweep.
For 2012 TKR provided Andre Heimgartner with a full season in the TKR Porsche Carrera Cup car in the Australian Porsche Carrera Cup Championship. TKR provided expert input to Heimgartner with driver advise from Porsche Carrera Cup legend Craig Baird and Porsche Technical Engineer Todd Bickerton who was contracted to TKR for the season.
Along with a number of solid results during his debut season Heimgartner was awarded Rookie of the year at the final round of the Australian Porsche Carrera Cup Championship held at the Gold Coast Indy 300 event. This saw Heimgartner provided with the opportunity to be fly over to Europe to test against other top rookies from around the world for one seat in the Porsche Super Cup Championship that is partly funded by Porsche Germany. Heimgartner missed out on the drive but again TKR had helped yet a young kiwi driver kick start his International motorsport career on the right foot.
During 2013 Team Kiwi Racing campaigned for a second season in the Australian Porsche Carrera Cup Championship. This time TKR Owner David John allocated the drive to Shae Davies and Adam Gowans. Both drivers were quick and achieved solid results for TKR in their respective categories highlighted by Team Kiwi Racing winning the Porsche Carrera Cup Rennsport meeting followed by three wins from three starts for TKR at Bathurst, Mount Panorama.
For 2014 Team Kiwi Racing purchased a NZV8 for Craig Baird to race. The season started well with Pole positions and race wins but a tough season eventuated with the older Holden engines being pushed to their limits and past them to keep up with the Ford falcon motorsport engines resulting in two engine failures that saw a tough season for TKR.
For the 2016 season Team Kiwi Racing dipped their toe in the water to experience the NZ V8SuperTourer Championship. Craig Baird again provided TKR with race wins at Pukekohe Raceway and Taupo International raceway before it was decided that the politics between NZV8 Touring cars and V8SuperTourers needed to be sorted before making further commitments to either championship going forward.
In 2017 Thomas Boniface, a 12-year-old BMW MINI Challenge Driver is the latest young Kiwi driver to be selected as part of the TKR Development Academy. Boniface is a 4 times national KartSport Champion and TKR have big plans for him moving forward. Boniface finished a season high of 5th at the Taupo round out of 32 cars, winning two races.
In 2019 Team Kiwi Racing decided to enter the Bathurst 1000 as a Wildcard and purchased a Triple Eight built Holden ZB Commodore and lined up 2018 Porsche Carrera Cup Australia Champion Jaxon Evans and three-time Porsche Carrera Cup Asia Champion Chris van der Drift to drive the car. The team ended up scrapping there plans due to COVID and Dunlop unable to supply the additional quantity of tires the team required for the teams pre Bathurst test days and for the Bathurst race it-self.
Team Kiwi Racing will celebrate their 25th Anniversary in 2025 at Bathurst, Mount Panorama were the All Kiwi Team debuted in November 2000 as the first ever Kiwi team to compete in the Australian Supercar Championship.
Team Kiwi Racing continue to support Kiwi drivers with life changing opportunities as we speak under the teams TKR scholarship program. 

</doc>
<doc id="6923027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923027" title="Balliol college">
Balliol college



</doc>
<doc id="6923035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923035" title="Youngberry">
Youngberry

The youngberry is a complex hybrid between three different berry species from the genus "Rubus" of the rose family: raspberry, blackberry, and dewberry. The berries of the plant are eaten fresh or used to make juice, jam, and in recipes.
The youngberry was created in the early 20th century by B.M. Young in Louisiana by crossing the 'Phenomenal' blackberry–raspberry hybrid with the 'Mayes' dewberry. It is similar to the loganberry, "nectarberry", and boysenberry in shape, color, and flavor. Youngberries can be grown in fertile clay soils. They are cultivated on small farms and home gardens in temperate climates, such as Louisiana, Texas, western United States, Australia, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="6923037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923037" title="Wild'n out">
Wild'n out



</doc>
<doc id="6923039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923039" title="Proposition 204 in Arizona">
Proposition 204 in Arizona



</doc>
<doc id="6923043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923043" title="New wine">
New wine



</doc>
<doc id="6923045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923045" title="Kouga Danjo">
Kouga Danjo



</doc>
<doc id="6923054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923054" title="Palmer Williams">
Palmer Williams

Palmer Williams ( – January 1, 1996) was an American broadcast journalist and documentary film maker. He worked closely with Edward R. Murrow.
Williams with CBS.
Williams spent most of his career at CBS News working in both radio and television. However, during World War II Williams spent time making documentaries including Frank Capra's "Why We Fight"; it was after the war that Williams joined CBS where he would become influential over talents such as Edward R. Murrow.
Williams played key roles in developing "Hear It Now" and its television counterpart "See It Now", which Murrow hosted. Later in his career he would go on to produce installments of CBS News and "CBS Reports". His last years before his 1981 retirement were spent as a senior producer for "60 Minutes".
Personal life.
Williams was born in Tenafly, New Jersey, in . His first marriage to Jane Parker, with whom he had a son, ended in divorce. He married Barbara Payne in ; the couple had a daughter and two sons together. He and Barbara were living in Greenwich Village, New York City, when he died at homefrom prostate canceron 1 January 1996, aged 79.
Williams in pop culture.
Palmer Williams was portrayed by actor Thomas McCarthy (billed as Tom McCarthy) in the 2005 film "Good Night, and Good Luck", and by Fran Kranz in the 2025 Broadway production of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="6923060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923060" title="Huancas District">
Huancas District

Huancas is one of the 21 districts of Chachapoyas Province in the Amazonas Region of northern Peru. It is bounded to the north by Valera District, to the east by Sonche District, to the south by Chachapoyas District, and to the west by Luya District and Lámud District.
History.
The district was legally created on 5 February 1861, during the government of President Ramon Castilla.
Geography.
Huancas District covers an area of 49 km2 and has a population of 1,305.
The capital is the town of Huancas, which is a 15-minute drive from the city of Chachapoyas. Huancas is located at a height of 2,558 m (8,392 ft) above sea level, in an area where high Amazon rainforest drops to the Sonche River, 962 m (3,156 ft) below. There is an attractive Colonial church located on the main square; and the citizens are well known for their earthenware ("alfareria") – including clay cooking pots and jugs ("cantaros") – that are hand-decorated and fired using open, wood-burning ovens
However, the most notable tourist draw is the stunning viewpoint over the Sonche Canyon, 1 km (0.6 miles) east of Huancas. Additionally, 3 km (1.9 miles) north of Huancas, is Huanca Urco hill, with views of where the Sonche, Vitaya and Utcubamba Rivers meet. On a clear day, the top part of Gocta Falls can be seen.
Huancas belongs to the parish of Chachapoyas, and is served by two priests from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chachapoyas.
Festivals.
Huancas' patron saint is the Lord of the Miracles, so its annual festival is held on 18 October.

</doc>
<doc id="6923062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923062" title="Narihirasan Tosen Temple">
Narihirasan Tosen Temple



</doc>
<doc id="6923063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923063" title="ISS-12A">
ISS-12A



</doc>
<doc id="6923064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923064" title="Huanca">
Huanca

The Huancas, Wancas, or Wankas are a Quechua people living in the Junín Region of central Peru, in and around the Mantaro Valley.
Names.
The southern branch of Huanca people are called the Wanka Waylla Quechua and Southern Huancayo Quechua. The Jauja Wanka are also called Wanka Jauja Quechua and Shawsha Wanka Quechua people. They gave their name to the Peruvian football team Deportivo Wanka.
History.
After fierce fighting, the Huanca people were conquered by Pachacuti in the 15th century and incorporated into Tawantinsuyu, the Inca Empire. The Huanca helped the Spaniards during the conquest of Peru. They provided supplies and men to the Spanish army.
Language.
The Huanca people speak Jauja Wanka Quechua and Waylla Wanka Quechua, both Quechua I languages. These languages differ significantly from the Incas' Quechua of Cusco. (see Mantaro Valley)

</doc>
<doc id="6923086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923086" title="La Jalca">
La Jalca



</doc>
<doc id="6923088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923088" title="Charlie Big Potato">
Charlie Big Potato

"Charlie Big Potato" is the first single taken from British rock band Skunk Anansie's third studio album, "Post Orgasmic Chill" (1999). The single came after the band switched record labels moving away from the independent label One Little Indian onto Virgin Records. It was released on 1 March 1999, almost two years after their previous single. It reached number 17 on the UK singles chart and number three in Iceland.
CD 1 came with an interactive element featuring the video and CD 2 came with three specially produced polaroid photographs of the band. The song was a favourite at festivals and Skin often performs a slower version of the song at her solo gigs. It was also featured in the 2000 movie "Hollow Man".
Music video.
The bizarre, emotionally intense video, directed by Giuseppe Capotondi and storyboarded by Concept Developer Andrew Trovaioli, shows the band appearing in different locations, with Skin waking up in a toilet, followed by a boy beginning to realise that his nightmares have become real.
Track listings.
CD single – CD1
CD single – CD2

</doc>
<doc id="6923089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923089" title="Nikola Milošević (water polo)">
Nikola Milošević (water polo)

Nikola Milošević (born April 7, 2001) is a Croatian professional junior water polo player. He is currently playing for VK Primorje at the position of a goalkeeper. He is 6 ft 6 in (1.97 m) tall and weighs 254lb (115 kg).

</doc>
<doc id="6923098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923098" title="James Wyllie">
James Wyllie

James Wyllie (8 July 1818 – 5 April 1899) was a Scottish draughts player who is important to the history of the game. He is often nicknamed "The Herd Laddie". For many years the date of his birth was uncertain. The day was thought to have been 6 July and 1818 and 1820 were both candidates for the year. However, in 2005 research at the National Archives confirmed the correct date.

</doc>
<doc id="6923103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923103" title="Cookiee">
Cookiee



</doc>
<doc id="6923105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923105" title="Barbara B. Kennelly">
Barbara B. Kennelly

Barbara Bailey Kennelly (born Barbara Ann Bailey; July 10, 1936) is an American politician. She is the former Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut.
Family and Education.
Kennelly was born Barbara Ann Bailey in Hartford, Connecticut on July 10, 1936. Her father was long-time Democratic Party leader John M. Bailey.
Kennelly studied at St. Joseph Cathedral School and graduated from Mount St. Joseph Academy in West Hartford in 1954. She earned a B.A. from Trinity College in Washington, D.C. (now Trinity Washington University) in 1958 and a certificate from the Harvard-Radcliffe Program in Business Administration in 1959. In 1971, she earned a master's degree from Trinity College in Connecticut.
Kennelly was married to the late James J. Kennelly, an attorney who served as Speaker of the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1975 to 1979. She has three daughters, one son, and twelve grandchildren.
Career.
In 1975, Kennelly was elected to the Hartford Court of Common Council, a position she held until 1979. She served as the Secretary of the State of Connecticut from 1979 until 1982.
Kennelly was elected to Congress in a special election to fill the vacancy caused by the death of William R. Cotter. She represented Connecticut's First Congressional District in the United States House of Representatives for eight terms, from January 12, 1982, until January 3, 1999. During the 98th Congress, Kennelly was appointed to the Ways and Means Committee. She served on the Subcommittees on Human Resources and Select Revenue Measures. Beginning in 1987, she served on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. During the 103rd Congress, Kennelly became Vice-Chair of the Democratic Caucus.
She did not seek re-election in 1998, instead running for Governor of Connecticut against and losing to Republican incumbent John G. Rowland by a landslide.
In 1999, President Bill Clinton appointed her Associate Commissioner and Counselor to the Commissioner at the Social Security Administration. She later worked at the law firm Baker &amp; Hostetler. From 2002 to 2011, she served as President of the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare. In 2006, Nancy Pelosi appointed her to the Social Security Advisory Board. In 2011, Kennelly accepted a position at her alma mater, Trinity Washington University, as a distinguished professor of political science.
As of 2015, Kennelly is a member of the board of the International Foundation for Electoral Systems, a non-profit that provides assistance with elections in many countries. She is the president of the United States Association of Former Members of Congress.
The Barbara B. Kennelly Post Office Building in Hartford is named in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6923107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923107" title="Barbara Kennelly">
Barbara Kennelly



</doc>
<doc id="6923110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923110" title="Sammy Stosur">
Sammy Stosur



</doc>
<doc id="6923113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923113" title="Barbara Bailey Kennelly">
Barbara Bailey Kennelly



</doc>
<doc id="6923116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923116" title="Mad Dog (Marvel Comics)">
Mad Dog (Marvel Comics)

Mad-Dog (Robert "Buzz" Baxter) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
Buzz Baxter's first appearance was in "Miss America Comics" #2 (1944), as the boyfriend of Patsy Walker. He continued to appear as a supporting character of Patsy until her comic was cancelled in 1965. He reappeared, alongside Patsy, in "Amazing Adventures" #13 (Jul. 1972) and made occasional appearances afterwards. He was revamped as the villain Mad-Dog in "The Defenders" #125 (Nov. 1983).
Fictional character biography.
Robert "Buzz" Baxter was born in Centerville, California. He and Patsy Walker were high school sweethearts, and got married shortly after graduation. After high school, he joined the USAF, serving in the Vietnam War, eventually earning the rank of colonel. He later became the security consultant to the Brand Corporation. He began an investigation of the Beast's appearances at the Brand Corporation. While he was working for Brand, he and Patsy grew distant and got divorced. Baxter had the Squadron Supreme capture the Avengers, and held them prisoner at a Brand facility. Baxter confronted his ex-wife Patsy, and was forced by the Hellcat to release the Avengers from Brand captivity.
Baxter later allowed Roxxon, the company to which Brand was a subsidiary, to experiment on him and mutate him. As Mad-Dog, he became a mercenary, and directed Mutant Force. He crashed the wedding of Daimon Hellstrom and Patsy Walker to abduct Patsy and the Defenders. He was defeated by Daimon Hellstrom, and placed in S.H.I.E.L.D. custody along with Mutant Force. However, he escaped with Mutant Force. He became an agent of the third Secret Empire. As security chief, he aided the Secret Empire and its leader, Professor Power, in an attempt to start World War III. Together with Mutant Force, he battled and was defeated by the Defenders.
Much later, Mad-Dog abducted and intended to kill the Hellcat, but was defeated by her. He joined Crossfire and other costumed criminals in an attack on Hawkeye. He also unsuccessfully attacked the Fantastic Four during the "Acts of Vengeance".
In Toronto, Baxter was caught up in the violent influence of the release of the Sk'ar. He fought Gamma Flight, but was teleported away by Manikin's future self. Roxxon hired him and Angar the Screamer to lead a group of operatives in a twofold mission: infiltrate and destroy S.H.I.E.L.D. The villains stormed the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier, but the new Super-Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. eventually defeated Baxter and the other villains. He fought Crossbones, as the first of five competitors at a super-villain convention on Boca Caliente and was quickly defeated. He was later present when Captain America, Diamondback, the Falcon and Shang-Chi battled numerous villains on the island. He next worked with Taskmaster when he was sent to test the skills of Siren, an Ultraverse resident on Earth-616.
Powers and abilities.
Mad-Dog gained superhuman powers as a result of bionic engineering and cellular augmentation by the Roxxon Mutagenic Department and by the third Secret Empire. He was given superhuman strength and endurance, and superhumanly acute animal-like senses, particularly hearing and smell. He also possesses bionically strengthened jaw muscles, and has been given large, hollow, fang-like canine teeth. His teeth can emit a foaming chemical poison, to which he himself is immune, which can induce paralysis and possibly death if it enters a victim's bloodstream through Mad-Dog's bite. However, the process which gave him his powers also gave him insanity, which clouds his judgment and behavior.
He now possesses a large animalistic appearance, with pointed ears, claws on both his hands and feet, and a coat of fur on his limbs and torso.
Robert Baxter has received combat training from the U.S. Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="6923118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923118" title="New Preston (CT)">
New Preston (CT)



</doc>
<doc id="6923121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923121" title="John Milton Chivington">
John Milton Chivington



</doc>
<doc id="6923127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923127" title="Arkady Plastov">
Arkady Plastov

Arkady Alexandrovich Plastov (; – 12 May 1972) was a Russian Soviet painter.
Biography.
Plastov was born into a family of icon painters in the village Prislonikha in the Russian Governorate of Simbirsk. He attended the sculpture department of the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture beginning in 1914. In 1917, he returned to his native village, where he occupied himself with painting, drawing from nature.
Starting in 1935, he steps introduces his category painting into the public. According to the strict political-artistic doctrine of the time at that time, which only permits the style of socialist realism in all art kinds, Plastov pictures the life in the Soviet Union, the pervasive building up of socialism. His work is characterized by his knowledge of the life in the villages of the Soviet Union, his love for his native land, strong, live pictures and his skills of painting. As the reaction to the events, which moved the population of the Soviet Union at that time, Plastov showed in his pictures, how the village life had changed by the collectivization. As models of the Protagonists of his works Plastov chose characters of his homeland village. The outbreak of World War II inspired new motives for the work of Plastov. He depictured suffering of the Soviet people, work of the women, old people and children on the kolkhoz fields during the war. After the war Plastov kept the motives of the village life.
A characteristic for Plastov's works is the 1951 painting "Spring" (Весна). It shows a young naked woman dressing up a girl in front of a wood hut (a "banya", the Russian counterpart to the Finnish sauna). It snows, and in the background there are snow-covered pastures. "Spring" is considered as a turning point in the Soviet history of art. For the first time since the introduction of socialist realism a work of art showed an unpolitical everyday life scene in Soviet Union, without bringing any political message, as could be found in Plastov's earlier works that glorified the collectivization.
During his artistic career Plastov was awarded two Orders of Lenin, he was laureate of the Stalin Prize, (1946), Lenin Prize (1966) and he also (in 1972, posthumously) was nominated for the State Prize of the RSFSR named Ilya Repin – for his painting "Balefire in a Field", "Out of the Past" and a series of portraits of his contemporaries.

</doc>
<doc id="6923128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923128" title="New Hartford (CT)">
New Hartford (CT)



</doc>
<doc id="6923142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923142" title="Leimebamba">
Leimebamba



</doc>
<doc id="6923144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923144" title="East Canaan (CT)">
East Canaan (CT)



</doc>
<doc id="6923147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923147" title="Richard George Gatling">
Richard George Gatling



</doc>
<doc id="6923151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923151" title="Sandy Hook (CT)">
Sandy Hook (CT)



</doc>
<doc id="6923152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923152" title="Johann Baptist Isenring">
Johann Baptist Isenring

Johann Baptist Isenring (12 May 1796, Lütisburg - 9 April 1860, St. Gallen) was a Swiss landscape painter and printer. He was also the first Daguerrotypist in Switzerland.
Life and work.
As a boy, he completed a carpentry apprenticeship in Zürich. From 1816 to 1817, he travelled to Munich and Vienna, working as a house painter and gilder. Thanks to a stipendium from the Canton of St. Gallen, he was able to enroll at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich, in 1820, where he studied landscape painting and watercolors. In 1823, he returned to St. Gallen and, by 1825, began self-publishing a series of aquatints called "Thurgegenden". In 1828, he opened an art shop and, in 1831, published what would be his largest collection of lithographs. "Picturesque Views of the Most Remarkable Cities and Places in Switzerland" (Malerischer Ansichten der merkwürdigsten Städte und Flecken der Schweiz).
In 1839, as soon as he heard about the invention of the Daguerreotype, he acquired a camera in Paris and became Switzerland's first photographer. In August 1840, he presented one of the world's first photography exhibitions, with cityscapes, portraits and art reproductions, for which he printed a four page catalog. The exhibition was taken on the road and shown in Zürich, Munich, Augsburg, Vienna and Stuttgart. In 1841, he opened a "Studio for Heliography" in Munich.
That same year, he produced the first colored Daguerreotypes, using a mixture of gum arabic and pigments. The dyed powder was applied with fine brushes and fixed to the surface with a heat treatment. He patented this technique. The proceeds from his first eight months of royalties was used to purchase his "Sonnenwagen" (Sun Car), a photography studio on wheels with a built-in darkroom; the first of its kind.
He was aware of the shortcomings of being able to produce only one copy of each photograph, so he began working on a duplication technique. Originally, he tried setting several cameras side by side or on top of each other and triggering them simultaneously, but the results were not consistent. He never solved the problem to his satisfaction.
For many years, he worked as a travelling photographer throughout Switzerland and Southern Germany, until his physical condition was no longer up to the effort. He then settled in St. Gallen, where he worked primarily as a landscape painter and engraver.
Most of his photographic work has not been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="6923163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923163" title="Once a Day">
Once a Day

"Once a Day" is a song written by Bill Anderson and recorded as the debut single by American country artist Connie Smith. It was produced by Bob Ferguson for her self-titled debut album. The song was released in August 1964, topping the "Billboard" country music chart for eight weeks between late 1964 and early 1965. It was the first debut single by a female artist to reach number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs. This song peaked at number one for the week of November 28, 1964, and it stayed at number one for eight consecutive weeks, a record for a female solo artist for nearly 50 years, until it was surpassed by Taylor Swift's "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" in December 2012.
In 2020, "Once a Day" was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Recording Registry.
Background and content.
"Once a Day" was written by American country artist, Bill Anderson, especially for Connie Smith. Originally recorded by Smith as a demo, the song was officially recorded at her first session with RCA Victor Records on July 16, 1964 at Studio B in Nashville, Tennessee. Produced by Bob Ferguson, the session was accompanied by Nashville's "A-Team" of musicians, which included members of Anderson's touring band, The Po' Boys. The song itself describes a woman who has not gotten over her previous lover. Although the woman explains that she has limited her grieving to "once a day," it is later found out that she is grieving, "once a day, every day, all day long."
While also singing lead vocals on "Once a Day," Smith was also featured playing the song's guitar accompaniment. The song was re-recorded by Smith in French and was re-titled, "Pas Souvent." That year the song was released as a single to France, and was released seven years later on Smith's compilation, "Love Is the Look You're Looking for" in 1973. It was re-recorded for a third time for her 1976 studio album, "The Song We Fell in Love To" on Columbia Records.
Chart performance.
"Once a Day" was released as Connie Smith's debut single under RCA Victor Records. It was rush-released as a single August 1, 1964, and moved quickly up the country music chart. The song became Smith's commercial breakthrough recording, reaching No. 1 on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot Country Songs chart the week of November 28, and remaining at the top spot for eight weeks until January 16, 1965. This longevity record stood unmatched until December 2012, when "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" by Taylor Swift overtook the achievement with nine weeks at No. 1. Despite this success, Smith never topped the Billboard country charts again, and this song became her solo number-one song. She did, however, top the country charts twice more in Canada, with her cover of Gordon Lightfoot's "Ribbon of Darkness" (1969) and the Everly Brothers' "('Til) I Kissed You" (1976).
Smith previously held the record of being the only country female to reach number one with a debut single. Trisha Yearwood equalled Smith's record in 1991 with, "She's in Love with the Boy." After it reached No. 1, "Once a Day" became one of the year's biggest songs and was nominated for "Best Country Song" from the Grammy Awards.
"Once a Day" made Smith a major star in country music, nominating her for a series of Grammy Awards, including "Best Female Country Vocal Performance" and "Best New Country Artist." It was released on Smith's self-titled debut album in March 1965, which also reached number one. The single helped gain Smith a series of major hits under RCA Victor in the 1960s. Her follow-up single, "Then and Only Then" (released in 1965) reached No. 4 on the "Billboard" Country Chart, and a series of unbated top ten hits continued until mid-1968, including "If I Talk to Him", "Ain't Had No Lovin'", and "The Hurtin's All Over". Smith had nineteen more top ten singles during her career.
Cover versions.
Since the song's release, "Once a Day" has been recorded by over 50 different artists. Such artists as:

</doc>
<doc id="6923166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923166" title="Compiler flag">
Compiler flag



</doc>
<doc id="6923169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923169" title="Robert H. Waterman">
Robert H. Waterman



</doc>
<doc id="6923171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923171" title="Robert Pearson (politician)">
Robert Pearson (politician)

Captain Robert Pearson (May 18, 1879 – July 3, 1956) was a soldier and politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for two terms between 1917 and 1926.
Early life.
Robert Pearson was born May 18, 1879, in Ethel, Ontario, to Robert Pearson and Susan Musgrove, he was educated at Listowel High School, and later attended Toronto University attaining a Bachelor of Arts. Pearson would marry Beulah P. Colling on September 16, 1908, and have one daughter. He would serve overseas during the First World War with the Canadian Expeditionary Force 49th Battalion and 31st Battalion.
Political career.
Pearson was first elected as a non-partisan to the 4th Alberta Legislature in the 1917 Alberta general election as the top pick in the, At large soldiers' and nurses vote from voters fighting overseas in the First World War. Roberta MacAdams was elected second in the block vote by a very narrow margin behind his total.
He kept his seat in the legislature after the war by running in the 1921 Alberta general election and becoming the fifth person elected in a block vote in the Calgary electoral district to the 5th Alberta Legislature. Robert served his 2nd term in office as an Independent. He did not run again in 1926 and retired from the legislature after two terms.

</doc>
<doc id="6923175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923175" title="Vasovagal reflex">
Vasovagal reflex



</doc>
<doc id="6923181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923181" title="LaVista">
LaVista



</doc>
<doc id="6923183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923183" title="Near infrared spectrum">
Near infrared spectrum



</doc>
<doc id="6923187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923187" title="Levanto">
Levanto

Levanto may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="6923188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923188" title="The Laugh Floor Comedy Club">
The Laugh Floor Comedy Club



</doc>
<doc id="6923190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923190" title="LaVista Nebraska">
LaVista Nebraska



</doc>
<doc id="6923194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923194" title="When I'm gone (3 doors down song)">
When I'm gone (3 doors down song)



</doc>
<doc id="6923205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923205" title="Amy Blue">
Amy Blue

Amy Blue is a British alternative rock band composed of Simon Chatterton (guitar), JP Rutter (guitar), Lex Sampson (drums) and Tom Parr (bass). The group's name was inspired by Rose McGowan's character in the 1995 Gregg Araki movie "The Doom Generation".
History.
Amy Blue was formed in February 2003 by Simon Chatterton and JP Rutter. Chatterton was previously known for performing solo at university in Northampton under nom de plume evol-i, and was a roadie for hardcore band Jnr Loaded. The band combined industrial noise and quiet atmospherics with traditional songwriting, crafted for two years in a boiler room in Soho, London. Their sound eventually shifted towards a "wall of noise" style reminiscent of early 1990s shoegaze and grunge with glitch and IDM influences, much to the horror of the audiences at their earliest shows in 2004.
December 2005 saw the release of their eponymous EP, which consisted of My Bloody Valentine-esque shoegaze noise crossed with electronic industrial punk pop. The sleeve manipulated a Francis Bacon painting to emphasise the record's gothic feel without being labeled as such.
In December 2006, the band leaked tracks from the EP as being unreleased demos by The Smashing Pumpkins, long before any of the other band's new material from their comeback album "Zeitgeist". Spin writer Billy Goodman interviewed Chatterton (referred in the final article as Simon Chatterman) to find out the origins of the songs and the hoax, which Chatterton admitted was to "piss off a few file-sharers".
Bassist Danny Legg joined in June 2006, followed by drummer Lex Sampson in February 2007. The band recorded their debut album, "The Fortress &amp; The Fatalist" in winter 2007 that was released on iTunes and Spotify in June 2009 that drew favourable reviews. Following a string of loud and energetic shows Danny Legg left the band amicably in 2008, the band then recruited Trevor Hatton, formerly of Lunar Jet Man.
2011 saw the release of compilation "The Tinder Tape" prior to the April release of the four track EP "On the Pleasure of Hating" which again was reviewed positively for its more direct and dark sound. Amy Blue began a residency at the Brixton Windmill's Retrofests paying homage to alternative bands Pavement, Guided by Voices and The Smashing Pumpkins.
Focusing on recording for much of 2010-12, the band completed "A Hero Of Our Time", a ten track album that differed sonically from their previous two releases, and remains largely unreviewed. Thematically, the record was based on Mikhail Lermontov's Russian literary classic of the same name. It was the last of Hatton's recordings with the band, and he left acrimoniously in 2012 to join a covers band.
In April 2016, after a hiatus, the band announced the upcoming release of a double LP called "The Unwinding". As of June 2020, it remains unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="6923209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923209" title="Louis C. Tiffany Studios">
Louis C. Tiffany Studios



</doc>
<doc id="6923214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923214" title="Trois-Fontaines Abbey">
Trois-Fontaines Abbey

Trois-Fontaines Abbey () was a Cistercian abbey in the present commune of Trois-Fontaines-l'Abbaye in the French department of Marne, in the historic province of Champagne.
History.
It was the first daughter-house founded by Clairvaux Abbey, one of the four Cistercian primary abbeys, and was established north of the head of navigation of the Marne at Saint-Dizier by Bernard of Clairvaux in 1118, on isolated woodland given by Hugh de Vitry, which the monks drained. It was a large community, comprising at its height some 130 monks.
The abbey was very active in its first century or so in the settlement of daughter houses:
James of Pecorara, later a cardinal, was elected abbot in 1215. The chronicler Alberic of Trois-Fontaines, who covered the years 1227 to 1241, was a monk here.
The abbey's isolated site protected it from armed attack. It fell however into the hands of commendatory abbots in 1536. Between 1716 and 1741, the abbot "in commendam" was Pierre Guérin de Tencin, French ambassador in Rome, who was made a cardinal in 1739. He rebuilt it, making good the damage caused by a fire in 1703. In 1790 it was sold off, and the premises largely demolished for the sake of the building materials.
Buildings.
The monumental gateway dates from the 18th century rebuild. It has a concave façade with four very large pilasters with Corinthian capitals and supports a terrace surrounded by a balustrade. Beyond a courtyard stands a further gateway with a coat of arms and building in the style of Louis XV.
Imposing ruins are all that remain of the abbey church, constructed between 1160 and 1190, originally about 70 metres long and 40 metres broad across the transept, on a cruciform ground plan. The portal is dominated by three large round-arched windows. The lower portion of the surround of the large rose window is extant, which fills almost the entire width of the west front. The first three bays of the nave are noticeably wider than the rest. The vault of the first is gone, but that of the next three remains, supported on massive corbels. The vaults of the next three bays collapsed in the 19th century. The side aisles have pointed barrel vaulting and are separated from the nave by pointed arches. Between 1785 and 1789 the rectangular choir and the transept with three chapels on either arm had become dilapidated almost to the point of collapse, and were replaced by a semi-circular termination on the east side of the transept.
Today the Romanesque and Early Gothic abbey church has been stabilised as a picturesque ruin. The outbuildings accommodate a bicycle museum.

</doc>
<doc id="6923223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923223" title="Sam Gonotsky">
Sam Gonotsky

Samuel Gonotsky (born in the Russian Empire, 1902; emigrated to the United States, 1906; died in Hurley Hospital, Detroit, of pleural tuberculosis, April 5, 1929) was a leading American checkers, or English draughts, player in the Two-Move Era (1863–1929). He was an important figure in the then famous Brooklyn Checker Club in the mid 1920s along with Louis Ginsburg and became the American Champion in 1924 when he defeated Alf Jordan in the national tournament. He also matched himself against a supposed automaton machine, Ajeeb, owned by Hattie Elmore which he later directed in matches. He is considered to be possibly the best "crossboard player" and the best US player of the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="6923230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923230" title="2006 labor protests in France">
2006 labor protests in France



</doc>
<doc id="6923232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923232" title="Stirling Cryocoolers">
Stirling Cryocoolers



</doc>
<doc id="6923235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923235" title="China International Fair for Investment and Trade">
China International Fair for Investment and Trade

The China International Fair for Investment and Trade (CIFIT, ), approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China, takes place on September every year in Xiamen, China. Themed on Introducing FDI and Going Global, CIFIT features a focus upon nationality and internationality, upon investment negotiation and investment policy promotion, upon coordinated development of national and regional economy, and upon economic and trade exchanges across the Taiwan Strait. CIFIT is currently China's only international investment promotion event aimed at facilitating bilateral investment. It's also the largest global investment event approved by UFI.
Location.
The trade show is held annually on September 8–11 in the southern coastal city of Xiamen, Fujian on mainland China.
Major events.
Major events of the 16th CIFIT (2012)
September 6: Press conference
September 7: Welcoming banquet and welcoming cocktail party
September 8:International investment forum (by invitation)
September 7–11: Series of forums and seminars
September 7–11: Matchmaking Symposia on investment projects
09:08-9:45 September 8: Opening ceremony (by invitation)
September 8–11: Exhibition
Themes.
"Introducing FDI": Showcase China's investment environment, image, policies and business opportunities to promote foreign investment in China.
"Going Global": Showcase investment environment, image, policies and business opportunities of all over the world, guide Chinese enterprises to invest overseas in a positive manner.
History of CIFIT.
CIFIT started out as the Fujian Fair for International Investment &amp; Trade (FFIIT). It was held for the ten years between 1987 and 1996. Then came the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation (Moftec) of the People's Republic of China who saw the opportunity to expand this trade show to include marketing the rest of China for foreign direct investment. Consequently, the FFIIT was promoted officially to CIFIT in January 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="6923236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923236" title="Switch (command line)">
Switch (command line)



</doc>
<doc id="6923239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923239" title="Subcostal vein">
Subcostal vein

The subcostal vein is a vein in the human body that runs along the bottom of the twelfth rib. It has the same essential qualities as the posterior intercostal veins, except that it cannot be considered "intercostal" because it is not between two ribs.
Each subcostal vein gives off a posterior (dorsal) branch which has a similar distribution to the posterior ramus of an intercostal artery.

</doc>
<doc id="6923240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923240" title="Life on Mars (theory)">
Life on Mars (theory)



</doc>
<doc id="6923241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923241" title="Oboro (Basilisk)">
Oboro (Basilisk)



</doc>
<doc id="6923246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923246" title="Secretly (Skunk Anansie song)">
Secretly (Skunk Anansie song)

"Secretly" is a song by Skunk Anansie and the second single from their third studio album, "Post Orgasmic Chill" (1999). It was released on 10 May 1999. CD1 comes with an interactive element featuring the video. The song was played during the closing credits to the film "Cruel Intentions" and is included on the film's soundtrack album. The video for the single drew heavily on the film. It charted at number 16 on the UK Singles Chart, number eight in Italy, and number two in Iceland.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Giuseppe Capotondi.
Track listing.
CD single 1
CD single 2

</doc>
<doc id="6923252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923252" title="BK Stacker">
BK Stacker

The BK Stacker sandwiches are a family of cheeseburgers sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King.
History.
In 2002, Burger King changed ownership when its parent company, Diageo, sold its interest in the company to a group of investment firms led by TPG Capital. After assuming ownership, TPG's newly appointed management team began focusing menu development and advertising on a very narrow demographic group, young men aged 20–34 who routinely ate at fast food restaurants several times per month which the chain identified as the "super fan". Amid this new super-fan focused menu expansion the chain introduced its new BK Stacker sandwich in late 2006, a family of sandwiches featuring the same set of toppings served as a single, double, triple or quadruple hamburger. The Stacker line was part of a series of larger, more calorie-laden products introduced by the company to entice the super-fan into the chain's restaurants. These new additions helped propel same store profits for more than sixteen quarters.
The Stacker consisted of anywhere from one to four beef patties, American cheese, bacon and a Thousand Island dressing variant called Stacker sauce served on a sesame seed bun. The new sandwiches had a muted reaction in several reviews—Chowhound.com readers rated the Quad Stacker as one of the most over-the-top gluttonous burgers in a poll, while the Impulsive Buy stated that the sandwich was much like any other bacon cheeseburger but meatier. Despite its lukewarm reception, an internet meme relating to the sandwich developed rather quickly. Customers would create an "Octo-Stacker" sandwich by purchasing two quad Stackers and mashing the two together sandwiches to create a sandwich with eight patties, eight slices of cheese and sixteen half pieces of bacon. They would then film themselves trying to eat the sandwich in under five minutes.
With the onset of the Great Recession in 2008–2009, this narrowly defined demographic-based sales plan faltered and sales and profits for the chain declined; Burger King's same-store comparable sales in the United States and Canada declined 4.6% in the three months ended September 30, while McDonald's posted same-store comparable sales growth of 2.5% within the United States. The Stacker line underwent a minor reformulation in 2011 that involved deleting the top layer of cheese and changing the amount of bacon in the sandwiches, and moving the sandwiches from the core section of its menu to the company's value menu. The changed ingredient list and pricing structure created a situation such that the distribution of ingredients did not scale at the same rate as increasing numbers of burger patties. Consumer Reports' blog The Consumerist noted that two single Stackers at $1.00 included more cheese and more bacon than one double Stacker for $2.00. Three single Stackers had 50% more cheese and double the bacon of one triple Stacker. The Stacker line and other related calorie-heavy menu items were dropped in 2012 when 3G Capital of Brazil bought the company and initiated a menu restructuring focusing on a broader demographic base. Since then, the Stacker line has been reintroduced under their 2005-2011 formulation and with a new name: the "Stacker King" sandwiches. Canadian locations serve both the 2005 formulations of the Stacker sandwiches as well as the 2011 formulations together. The 2005 formulations are branded as the "Stacker King" line, while the 2011 formulations are branded as simply the "Stacker" line.
Product description.
The BK Stacker is a hamburger consisting of anywhere from one to four grilled beef patties, American cheese, bacon and Stacker sauce (a Thousand Island dressing variant) served on a sesame seed bun.
Notable variants.
The standard variants of the BK Stacker sandwich are:
Advertising.
The BK Stacker was introduced using commercials that employed groups of little people in the roles of members of the "Stackers Union". The characters were "Vin," played by Danny Woodburn, "the new guy," and various members of the "Stackers Union" construction team that work in a BK kitchen assembling the sandwiches. The tag line was "Meat, Cheese and Bacon- Stacked High". As exemplified in the advertising campaign, part of the sandwich's concept revolves around not having vegetables like lettuce, onions, or tomatoes.
See also.
Other types of big hamburger by other QSR vendors:

</doc>
<doc id="6923254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923254" title="Khazad-Dûm">
Khazad-Dûm



</doc>
<doc id="6923257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923257" title="Professor Power">
Professor Power

Professor Power (Anthony Power) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
His first appearance was in "Marvel Team-Up" vol. 1 #117, although individuals working for him appear before then.
Fictional character biography.
Anthony Power was born in the town of Norfolk, Virginia. He was originally a historian and teacher, and an advisor to the President of the United States of America. He has a son Matthew, who fought in the Vietnam War only to be discharged after having a nervous breakdown due to the violence he witnessed in combat. A right-wing conservative, Power believed that the only way that world peace could be obtained would be if America conquered the world. But knowing that US government would never agree to such a strategy, Power decided that he would have to conquer the United States in order to bring about his world view. Adopting the name "Professor Power", the head of a subversive organization and the leader of an unnamed army of right-wing extremists. Power, working behind the scenes, assembled a group of telepaths which was used by his ally Morgan MacNeil Hardy to restructure American society, until Hardy was foiled by Captain America.
August Masters, also working on behalf of Power, was revealed as the head of a secret project involving telepaths. Masters' men, posing as federal agents, captured Richmond. Masters attempted to launch this psionic attack against the U.S.S.R., but battled Captain America, Daredevil, and the Defenders.
Professor Power used robots to test the capabilities of Spider-Man and Wolverine. Aided by the Fixer, Power captured Professor X and attempted to add his mental powers to Mentallo's. He then revealed to Xavier that his son had slipped into a catatonic state (due to his father's refusal to get his son psychological help) and that he had paid Mentallo to use his boosted power to forcibly restore his son to consciousness. In the ensuing psychic battle though, Matthew was hit with a stray psychic blast, which permanently destroyed his shattered mind.
Driven insane with rage, Powers ordered his mind transferred into his son's body (permanently erasing any remaining traces of his son's consciousness) and sought revenge against Xavier by plotting the murder of his students. Encased in a battle-suit, he battled Spider-Man and the Beast.
As Number One, Professor Power was also the founder of the third Secret Empire. He sent Harridan, Seraph, and Cloud to abduct the Vision, but was foiled by the Defenders. He sent Mad Dog and Mutant Force to disrupt the wedding of Daimon Hellstrom and Patsy Walker, and they battled the Defenders. Professor Power had double agents in the New York S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters free Leviathan, Mad Dog, and Mutant Force from S.H.I.E.L.D. custody, and sent Leviathan against the Defenders. Power was then revealed as a member of the Secret Empire, and sent Mandroids to recapture the escaped Cloud. Power captured the Defenders, and unsuccessfully attempted to brainwash them into killing the New Mutants in revenge against Professor X. Power launched a subliminal mind-control satellite in an attempt to start World War III. The satellite was destroyed, and his consciousness was telepathically merged with his son's by Moondragon, resulting in catatonic madness.
Some time later, Power was abducted from S.H.I.E.L.D. custody and brought back to his castle in the Adirondack Mountains in New York State and revived by his followers. Power by this point was starting to exhibit signs of his own mental breakdown, as life wearing his son's face took its toll on him emotionally. Sadly in combat with Captain America (John Walker), Power was brutally beaten to death.
Power's corpse was again stolen by his followers, who resurrected him by way of converting his battle suit into a life-support system. Professor Power has since continued fighting heroes, including Darkhawk, Iron Man, X-Men, and X-Factor.
During the "Civil War" storyline, Professor Power is a self-confessed loser at the wake of Stilt-Man, who had been killed by the Punisher. Power, along with rest of the villains at the wake, was poisoned by the Punisher, who disguised as a bartender poisoned their drinks and blew up the bar. Powers survived the attack, thanks to EMTs arriving and pumping his stomach of said poison.
Professor Power resurfaced in disguise as a high school teacher at the school which Rikki Barnes of Counter-Earth has been attending under the alias of Rikki Baines, performing mind-control experiments on the student body.
Powers and abilities.
Professor Power was originally a normal human with a gifted intellect. He is an excellent long-range planner, and battle strategist, and has degrees in history and political science.
His scientists designed for him a battle suit of full body armor capable of flight via jet engines attached to it, and an electron-beam (fired from his right forefinger).
When Professor Power was in Matthew Power's body, he possessed superhuman strength.

</doc>
<doc id="6923258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923258" title="CSIO Spruce Meadows 'Masters' Tournament">
CSIO Spruce Meadows 'Masters' Tournament

The CSIO Spruce Meadows' 'Masters' Tournament is an annual fall equestrian show jumping event held at Spruce Meadows in Calgary, Alberta, presented by Rolex . It is highlighted by the BMO Financial Group Nations' Cup which offers a C$350,000 purse and is notable as the "richest team show jumping event in the world", as well as by the $3,000,000 CPKC International Grand Prix presented by ROLEX.
Total purse amounts for the Spruce Meadows 'Masters' amount to over $4 million, making it the richest show jumping event in the world.
Historically, Great Britain currently holds more Nation's Cup titles at Spruce Meadows than any other nation with 10 victories out of the past 29. The 2006 victory by Canada marks the first time the home team has won a nation's cup at the Masters Tournament.
BMO Financial Group Nation's Cup Past Winners.
2006 Nation's Cup Results.
Despite taking only a mere six faults up to the final round, Great Britain created a jump-off situation during their final ride as their squad gained four faults to equal Canada's ten. The competition then culminated in a thrilling jump-off between the two teams as anchor riders Michael Whitaker and Ian Millar were selected to represent their respective teams. Despite faulting for the first time that day, it was Canada's Ian Millar riding eleven-year-old gelding In Style who ensured Canada's first victory at this tournament. Taking the bronze was United States' national team, who rode strongly; taking only sixteen faults. The remaining rankings saw Germany take fourth place, the Netherlands achieving fifth place, and Belgium finishing in sixth.
Despite fairly warm temperatures and windy afternoon showers, attendance at the 2006 Nation's cup final held Saturday, September 9, approximated 60 870; a single day record for Spruce Meadows.
Masters Grand Prix.
The Masters tournament culminates with one of the top Grands Prix in the world of show jumping: the $1 Million CN International Grand Prix (formerly known as the du Maurier Limited International Grand Prix)

</doc>
<doc id="6923259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923259" title="Comeliness">
Comeliness



</doc>
<doc id="6923287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923287" title="WRRC">
WRRC

WRRC (107.7 FM, 107.7 The Bronc) is a college FM radio station in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, serving the students of Rider University. It is the broadcast outlet for Rider University Men's and Women's basketball, as well as Burlington County and Mercer County High School football and baseball.
Station history.
The radio station originally went on air November 1, 1962, as WRCR, and was located at 640 AM on the dial, broadcasting via carrier current. A student, Ira Kinder, and the director of the college's audio/video department, Gordon Graves, founded the station.
In 1965, the station changed its call letters from WRCR to WWRC, because a commercial station on the East Coast wanted the WRCR call letters. In exchange, WWRC received equipment from the commercial station.
In 1966, WWRC was moved to the basement of the Hill Dormitory, housing the on-air studio, production studio, record library and two offices.
In 1971, WWRC moved to the Student Center building where the Communication Department first began to use the radio station for broadcasting classes. During this time the station operated as a commercial station, programming a news and popular rock format within the campus. In 1984, the station changed its call letters to WRRC, again because another radio station wanted the WWRC call. At this time, the college station ceased broadcasting on carrier current and moved to the FM band at 88.5 MHz, sharing the frequency with student-run station WLSR, operated by the nearby Lawrenceville School.
By the mid-1980s the station was finally able to offer 24-hour programming after WLSR moved from 88.5. However, to ensure student safety, the college opted to lock the Student Center at night, preventing further overnight programming. After just a few weeks of full-time operations, WRRC returned to a shortened broadcast schedule.
On November 24, 1993, the station moved to its current dial position, 107.7 FM. In 2007, through the use of automated programming, the station resumed 24-hour programming, expanding the air schedule to a full-time schedule.
In 2008, the station hired current general manager John Mozes. In 2019, 2021, and 2022, WRRC was nominated for Marconi Awards for College Radio Station of the Year, by the National Association of Broadcasters. In 2023 WRRC was awarded "Best College Radio Station Under 10,000 Students" by the Intercollegiate Broadcasting System.
WRRC currently broadcasts a freeform format.

</doc>
<doc id="6923291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923291" title="Grey Towers Castle">
Grey Towers Castle

The Grey Towers Castle is a building on the campus of Arcadia University in Glenside, Pennsylvania, which is located in Cheltenham Township, a suburb of Philadelphia, United States. The castle was designed by Horace Trumbauer and built starting in 1893 on the estate of William Welsh Harrison.
The university (then known as Beaver College and located in nearby Jenkintown) purchased the estate in 1929 for $712,500, equal to $ today. Classes were split between the two locations until 1962, when the school moved all of its operations to the Glenside area. The castle was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1985 for its architecture.
History.
In 1881, William Welsh Harrison, co-owner of the Franklin Sugar Refinery, purchased Rosedale Hall from J. Thomas Audenreid. By 1891, Harrison had expanded his estate to and decided to expand the house and add a gate house and more adequate stables. He employed the skills of 23-year-old architect Horace Trumbauer, who completed the stables and gate house in 1892.
In 1893, the main house of Rosedale Hall burned to the ground in a raging fire, during which the Harrison family fled to the stables for safety. Afterward, the family moved into the gatehouse, while Trumbauer was again employed to build a new home on the site. By March 1893, Trumbauer presented Harrison with plans for a grandiose mansion, inspired by Alnwick Castle, the medieval seat of the Dukes of Northumberland. The new house would include all the most modern conveniences of the time, and the cost was estimated at $250,000, equal to $ today. Work was underway by the end of 1893. The construction took five years.
Design.
Grey Towers Castle is designed in a highly eclectic yet elegant fashion, taking inspiration from a variety of styles, periods, and buildings. The house is built of grey stone quarried at nearby Chestnut Hill, and Indiana limestone is used for exterior door and window trim, and other elements, such as the various gargoyles.
The interiors of the castle reflect various French styles ranging from Renaissance through Louis XV. The massive twin mantles in the Great Hall are interpretations of a Renaissance mantle in the Salle des Gardes, in the Francis I wing of Château de Blois. The Library, now the President's office, and the Dining room, both on the south side of the Great Hall, contain many elements reminiscent of French Renaissance decoration. The walnut cabinetry and plaster friezes in the Library and the columns and caryatids and strapwork ceiling in the Dining room are inspired by interiors of the Château de Fontainebleau.
On the north side of the Great Hall lay the Mirror Room and the Drawing Room, now known as the Rose Room. It is thought that the entirety of the Mirror Room was ordered at the New York office of a French firm, then crafted in France and shipped to Glenside, along with workers, to be installed. The ceiling was painted by François Lafon, and depicts the four seasons as women, accompanied by cupids, with the path of the Zodiac behind them.
In the Great Hall, which rises three stories to a grand barrel vaulted and gilded ceiling, the Grand Staircase leads to a large landing, which contains the Music Room. The ceiling was originally painted in a Renaissance style, but all that remains is the painting in the spaces of the archway, through which the room is accessed. Above the wainscoting of the Music Room, large tapestries depict Euterpe, the Muse of Music. All the tapestries in Grey Towers were provided by William Baumgarten &amp; Co, Inc. of New York City. On each floor there is a balcony which rings the Great Hall, and tapestries line all of these spaces.
Upon completion, Grey Towers was one of the largest homes in the country, with forty rooms. The eclectic and grandiose style attracted attention to the young Horace Trumbauer, who began a successful career, which included the construction of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and many other houses and buildings in the Philadelphia area.
Current use.
William Welsh Harrison died in 1927, and in 1929 Beaver College (now Arcadia University), then located in Jenkintown, purchased the estate from his widow for $712,500. Classes were split between the two locations until 1962, when the college moved permanently to the Grey Towers property. The castle currently houses the Offices of Admissions, Enrollment Management, and Financial Aid, and the office of the president. The vast bedrooms on the second and third floors are used as housing for students.
The castle, designated a National Historic Landmark in 1985, is much-loved by the students and staff of the university. The student group "Society for Castle Restoration" is dedicated to preserving the landmark and its history.
There are many stories and myths surrounding the building and the Harrison family. According to legend, Mr. Harrison and his wife did not get along well and eventually each lived in separate areas of the house. Mr. Harrison was thought to have had relations with many different male servants. In one of the third-floor bedrooms, a mirror above the fireplace mantle had to be replaced because of a large crack. Yet, when it is replaced it cracks soon afterward.
The castle is also rumored to have been built entirely without the use of nails. There is a series of tunnels connecting the main home to the former powerhouse of the estate, now Spruance Hall. These Castle-Spruance Hall tunnels became obstructed in 2010 during construction of a new commons. There remains one tunnel between the stables (Murphy) and the powerhouse (Spruance Hall).
Historic buildings on the estate.
From the time that the castle was built, there have been other buildings on the estate. These historic buildings (the ones that existed before Beaver College purchased the estate) that are still standing include Murphy Hall (previously the stables on the Harrison Estate), Blankley Hall (previously Blake Hall, so named by Beaver College, and the gatehouse on the Harrison Estate) and Spruance Hall (previously the engineer's building on the Harrison Estate).
Murphy Hall was once the stables, where the Harrison family kept their horses. After the initial purchase of the land by Beaver College, science labs were put in this building as well as a chapel in which the chorus sang. Murphy Memorial Hall was presented by Jane M. Murphy in memory of her husband William M. Murphy in 1929. At the time an organ was also donated and installed in chapel. The organ is now gone as it was damaged during renovations to the building in the 1980s. The building also included a gymnasium with a shooting range for the school's rifle team. Over the years, metalworking and ceramics studios were added, the gymnasium was removed and the science labs were moved elsewhere on campus. Currently, music and art classes are taught in Murphy Hall.
Blankley Hall was originally known as the gatehouse, where guests were greeted before taking the path (now the Alumni Walk of Pride) up to the Harrison's castle. After Beaver College purchased the estate, it was briefly used as student housing, and then as office space for university employees. It was named Blake Hall for a time, before being renamed Blankley Hall in 2005 in honor of one of Arcadia's alumni. It is currently the location of Arcadia's Alumni Relations office.
Spruance Hall was used as a maintenance building for the Harrison estate. It was known as the engineer's building, and there were many tunnels leading from this building to other places on the estate. Its most notable feature is a large smokestack. After Beaver College purchased the estate, the building was used for fashion and art classes. The building currently houses Arcadia University's theater, as well as an art studio and painting classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="6923293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923293" title="Palo Alto University">
Palo Alto University

Palo Alto University (PAU) is a private university in Palo Alto, California that focuses on behavioral health disciplines like counseling, psychology, and social work. It was founded in 1975 as the Pacific Graduate School of Psychology and became Palo Alto University in 2009.
Palo Alto University offers two undergraduate degree programs: a Bachelor of Science in Psychology and Social Action and a Bachelor of Science in Business Psychology; five graduate programs: a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology, a Psy.D. in Clinical Psychology as part of a consortium with Stanford University; a Ph.D. in Counselor Education and Supervision; a M.A. in Clinical Mental Health Counseling, and an M.S. in Psychology. PAU subscribes to the practitioner-scientist training model, which emphasizes clinical practice along with scientific training.
PAU has an interconnected relationship with Stanford University and the Stanford University School of Medicine. PAU maintains its doctoral program in conjunction with Stanford University, often employs its students in Stanford research laboratories, and houses faculty members who teach at both institutions. The Chief Facilities and Sustainability Officer of Stanford Health Care holds a membership on the PAU board of trustees.
History.
Palo Alto University traces its origins back to 1975 when the Pacific Graduate School of Psychology was founded in Palo Alto. PGSP was established by a group of students and faculty seeking to enhance their knowledge of clinical psychology, with Robert Kantor serving as its first president.
In 1984, PGSP welcomed Allen Calvin as its president. Two years later, the institution achieved accreditation from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), and in 1988 PGSP relocated its campus to East Meadow Drive in Palo Alto.
Also in 1988, the Kurt and Barbara Gronowski Clinic was established in Palo Alto to provide clinical services to the local community. PGSP's Ph.D. program received accreditation from the American Psychological Association (APA) in the same year.
In 2002, PGSP and Stanford University launched the PGSP-Stanford Psy.D. Consortium program, an innovative doctoral program in psychology. In 2006, the consortium achieved APA accreditation as well.
In 2006, PGSP underwent a transformation and became Palo Alto University (PAU), broadening its scope and offerings. PAU introduced the hybrid Bachelor degree program in Psychology &amp; Social Action (PSA) at De Anza College with courses now also offered at the College of San Mateo, followed by the approval of a major in Business Psychology (BP) at Foothill College in 2009. The MA Clinical Mental Health Counseling program also commenced during this period.
PAU established the Sexual and Gender Identities Clinic in 2009. This clinic provided specialized services to individuals exploring issues related to sexual orientation and gender identity.
Under the leadership of Dr. Maureen O'Connor, who assumed the presidency in 2016, PAU achieved significant milestones. In 2017, the MA in Clinical Mental Health Counseling program received accreditation from The Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs (CACREP), affirming the program's adherence to rigorous standards in marriage, family, child counseling, and clinical mental health counseling.
In late 2018, PAU acquired CONCEPT, a private organization dedicated to professional training in forensic psychology founded by renowned forensic psychologist Patricia Zapf. CONCEPT became the University’s Division of Continuing &amp; Professional Studies, offering postgraduate professional training in specialty areas of psychology for continuing education credit.
In recognition of its commitment to serving the Hispanic community, PAU earned the designation as a Hispanic-serving institution (HSI) in 2022. The same year marked the opening of the Mountain View Campus, which became the new location for the Gronowski Center. This expansion enhanced PAU's capacity to provide comprehensive clinical services to the community.
Academics.
The undergraduate programs at Palo Alto University are offered in partnership with Silicon Valley area community colleges like De Anza College, Foothill College, and the College of San Mateo. The bachelor's degree completion programs are created for community college students wishing to transfer to a Bachelor's program and for college graduates wishing to re-specialize in Psychology and Social Action or Business Psychology. PAU offers a psychology program with competitive tuition and fees, positioning it as a cost-effective choice among private universities in the Bay Area. The university also facilitates a streamlined transfer process for community college students and those who have completed their initial two years of college.
Palo Alto University offers two master's degree programs, an M.A. in Clinical Mental Health Counseling MFT/LPCC and an M.S. in Psychology. It also offers a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology that has been accredited by the American Psychological Association (APA) since 1988.
PAU-Stanford Psy.D. Consortium.
The PAU-Stanford Psy.D. Consortium program, in conjunction with the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences in Stanford University's School of Medicine, was accredited by the American Psychological Association in 2006. According to "U.S. News &amp; World Report", the PAU-Stanford Psy.D. Consortium ranks 87th in the nation for best health schools by category of clinical psychology.
Clinical training.
Students enrolled in the Ph.D. Clinical Psychology program at PAU and the PAU-Stanford Psy.D. Consortium program gain valuable initial clinical practical training at the Gronowski Center. The Gronowski Center is a mental health clinic that operates with partial funding from Palo Alto University and offers subsidized services on a sliding scale to the local Bay Area community. The Gronowski Center offers three specialty clinics: the Sexual and Gender Identities Clinic (SGIC), La Clinica Latina, which offers Spanish-language services, and the eClinic.
Continuing and Professional Studies.
Through the Division of Continuing and Professional Studies (CAPS), PAU partners with leading experts to provide workshops, webinars, and online training programs in areas relevant to behavioral health professionals in psychology and related disciplines, such as social work, counseling, marriage and family therapy, nursing, corrections, and law enforcement. CAPS is an approved sponsor of continuing education for psychologists (American Psychological Association), social workers (Association of Social Workers Boards), and counselors (National Board of Certified Counselors).
Omar Seddiqui Research Library.
The university's library is named for Omar Seddiqui, the former Director and President of the National Archives of Afghanistan and Public Library of Afghanistan (prior to the Saur Revolution).

</doc>
<doc id="6923299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923299" title="Handwriting recognition system">
Handwriting recognition system



</doc>
<doc id="6923302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923302" title="The Salty Spitoon Sailor's Pub">
The Salty Spitoon Sailor's Pub



</doc>
<doc id="6923306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923306" title="Magdalena District, Chachapoyas">
Magdalena District, Chachapoyas

Magdalena is a district of the province of Chachapoyas in the Amazonas Region of Peru.
History.
The district was created by the decree of law Nº 7877, signed by the president Óscar R. Benavides.
Geography.
Magdalena is located in the south of the Chachapoyas Province, in the high part of the inter-Andean valley of the river Utcubamba. In the north the district borders with the District of San Isidro of Maino (Chachapoyas) and the District of Levanto (Chachapoyas), in the east with the Rodríguez de Mendoza Province, in the south with the District of The Jalca (Chachapoyas), in the southwest with the District of Saint John of Lopecancha and in the west with the District of Tingo.
Culture.
As with many Peruvians, popular Magdalenan dishes are the cuy, eaten alongside potatoes, the Sancocho and also the Locro.

</doc>
<doc id="6923309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923309" title="Kennebecasis Island">
Kennebecasis Island

Kennebecasis Island (also called McCormick's Island) is a small Canadian island located in the Province of New Brunswick at the confluence of the Saint John River and Kennebecasis River.
Its proximity to the city of Saint John has resulted in a seasonal community of about 100 cottages, as well as a 3-hole golf course and tennis court being established. During the late 1990s a cottage subdivision called "Island Estates" was established on the island, which saw a new boat launch, the present golf course and numerous new cottages established. When "Island Estates" was established electricity became available in several areas of the island, with potential for future expansion. The island's perimeter contains many secluded beaches, rocky outcrops and has natural deep-water coves which provide excellent shelter for boaters needing safe harbour to lay in overnight.
Originally Kennebecasis Island supported five farms: Hutchings, Morrow, Keith and two McCormick. There was also a one-room schoolhouse, a post office, a commercial river-boat landing and a small hotel where, during the early 1900s, visitors wanting a reprieve from the heavy industrial environment in Saint John would stay on weekends. Today most of the original building stock and infrastructure is gone with the exception of McCormick House, which is the only farm remaining with its original land allotment still intact.
The most famous Kennebecasis Islander was Hugh J. McCormick, a professional speed skater from 1883 until 1895. In 1890 Hugh McCormick won the World Professional Speed Skating Champion title by beating reigning world champion Axel Paulson of Norway in a three-race meet held at Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Visitors travel to the island using the Kennebecasis Island Ferry, operated by the New Brunswick Department of Transportation during the non-ice months from May to mid-November. The ferry departs from Summerville on the Kingston Peninsula. After November, the only way to reach it is by driving or walking across the ice. During the spring melt, high waters often pinch the island into two separate entities near its thinnest point.
The north and east of the island is bordered by Milkish Channel, which separates the island from the Kingston Peninsula. An inlet called McCormack's Cove juts into the island's south side from Grand Bay, the meeting point of the St. John and Kennebecasis rivers. The island is a short distance (approximately one hour driving) from the city of Saint John.
The island also hosts a wide range of wildlife including deer and raccoon, as even some moose have been spotted. 

</doc>
<doc id="6923315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923315" title="Egusi seed">
Egusi seed



</doc>
<doc id="6923316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923316" title="List of World War I Flying Aces">
List of World War I Flying Aces



</doc>
<doc id="6923322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923322" title="Continuity of Government">
Continuity of Government



</doc>
<doc id="6923336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923336" title="The New Pollution">
The New Pollution

"The New Pollution" is a song by American musician Beck, released in February 1997 by DGC Records as the third single from his fifth album, "Odelay" (1996). It was written by Beck with John King and Michael Simpson, and produced by Beck with Dust Brothers. The song samples "Venus" by Joe Thomas. In the US, "The New Pollution" peaked at number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number nine on the "Billboard" Alternative Airplay chart. In Europe, it was a top-10 hit in Iceland, peaking at number nine. The music video for the song was directed by Beck himself.
Critical reception.
Retrospectively, Justin Chadwick from Albumism named "The New Pollution" one of the "unequivocal standouts" of the "Odelay" album, describing it as "buoyant" and "exhilarating, pop-friendly fare". David Stubbs from "Melody Maker" felt the song "is as near to anthemic as Beck gets. Nicking the bassline from The Beatles' 'Taxman', it's shot through with a recurring children's TV piccolo motif and wailing sax. Again, interesting and clever, rather than uplifting or inspirational." A reviewer from "Music Week" gave it four out of five, adding, "Similar to 'Devils Haircut' in execution, this mellow outing from "Odelay" should follow its predecessor into the Top 30." "Music Week" editor Alan Jones called it a gem, adding, "Like the hit 'Devils Haircut', it sounds very tongue in cheek and combines the psychedelic swirl of The Beatles' 'Within You, Without You' with the bass line from 'Taxman', although it doesn't really sound like a Beatles record. It does have their freshness and is very commercial and is sure to score." David Sinclair from "The Times" viewed it as a "sneaky re-working of that old 'Taxman' riff."
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "The New Pollution" was directed by Beck himself. It features 1960s-style dancing and background. The video contains visual references to Serge Gainsbourg's music videos for "Monsieur William" and "Melody", as well as the bands Mötley Crüe and Kraftwerk. The opening scene references The Lawrence Welk Show.
The video features actress Mary Lynn Rajskub.
The music video received nominations for Video of the Year, Best Alternative Video, Best Direction, Best Choreography and Best Art Direction at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards, winning the latter three.
Live performances.
As of January 13, 2019, Beck had performed the song live 374 times.

</doc>
<doc id="6923338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923338" title="Marin Elementary School">
Marin Elementary School



</doc>
<doc id="6923341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923341" title="Eight Do's and Don'ts">
Eight Do's and Don'ts



</doc>
<doc id="6923344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923344" title="Mutant Master">
Mutant Master



</doc>
<doc id="6923347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923347" title="Badami cave temples">
Badami cave temples

The Badami cave temples are a complex of Buddhist, Hindu and Jain cave temples located in Badami, a town in the Bagalkot district in northern part of Karnataka, India. The caves are important examples of Indian rock-cut architecture, especially Badami Chalukya architecture, and the earliest date from the 6th century. Badami is a modern name and was previously known as "Vataapi", the capital of the early Chalukya dynasty, which ruled much of Karnataka from the 6th to the 8th century. Badami is situated on the west bank of a man-made lake ringed by an earthen wall with stone steps; it is surrounded on the north and south by forts built during Early Chalukya and in later times.
The Badami cave temples represent some of the earliest known examples of Hindu temples in the Deccan region. They along with the temples in Aihole transformed the Mallaprabha River valley into a cradle of temple architecture that influenced the components of later Hindu temples elsewhere in India.
The 4 caves are all in the escarpment of the hill in soft Badami sandstone formation, to the south-east of the town. In Cave 1, among various sculptures of Hindu divinities and themes, a prominent carving is of the dancing Shiva as Nataraja. Cave 2 is mostly similar to Cave 1 in terms of its layout and dimensions, featuring Hindu subjects of which the Hari Hara, Ardhanari shiva, Mahishamardini, Dwi Bahu Ganesha and Skanda in a separate antichamber on extended cave at western side-next to great Nataraja sculpture. Cave 2 has premier images of relief of Vishnu as Trivikrama is the largest. The largest cave is Cave 3, featuring Vishnu as Ananta seated on coiled serpent, Varaha with Bhudevi, Harihara, Narasimha in standing posture, great image of Trivikrama and Virata Vishnu. The cave has fine carvings exhibiting matured stage of Karnataka ancient art. Cave 4 is dedicated to revered figures of Jainism. Around the lake, Badami has additional caves of which one may be a Buddhist cave. Another Cave like gallery known as Arali Tirtha has around twenty seven carvings.
Geography.
The Badami cave temples are located in the town of Badami in the north-central part of Karnataka, India. The temples are about east of Belagavi (IATA Code: IXT), and northwest of Hampi. The Malaprabha River is away. The cave temples are from the UNESCO world heritage site Pattadakal and from Aihole – another site with over a hundred ancient and early medieval era Hindu, Jain and Buddhist monuments.
Badami, also referred to as "Vatapi", "Vatapipura", "Vatapinagari" and "Agastya Tirtha" in historical texts, the capital of Chalukya dynasty in the 6th century, is at the exit point of a ravine between two steep mountain cliffs. Four cave temples in the escarpment of the hill to the south-east of the town were carved into the cliff's monolithic stone face. The escarpment is above a man-made lake called Agastya Teertha, created by an earthen dam faced with stone steps. To the west end of this cliff, at its lowest point, is the first cave temple. The largest and highest cave is Cave 3, which is further to the east on the northern face of the hill. The fourth cave, Cave 4, is a few steps down further east.
History.
The cave temples, numbered 1 to 4 in the order of their creation, in the town of Badamithe capital city of the Chalukya kingdom (also known as Early Chalukyas)are dated from the late 6th century onwards. The exact dating is known only for Cave 3, which is a temple dedicated to Vishnu. An inscription found here records the dedication of the shrine by Mangalesha in "Saka 500" (solar calendar, 578/579CE). The inscription, written in the old Kannada language, has enabled the dating of these rock cave temples to the 6th century. This makes the cave the oldest firmly-dated Hindu cave temple in India.
The Badami Caves complex is part of a UNESCO-designated World Heritage Site candidate under the title "Evolution of Temple ArchitectureAihole-Badami-Pattadakal" in the Malaprabha river valley, considered a cradle of temple architecture that formed the model for later Hindu temples in the region. The artwork in Caves 1 and 2 exhibit the northern Deccan style of the 6th and 7th centuries, while those in Cave 3 simultaneously represent two ancient Indian artistic traditions; the northern Nagara and the southern Dravida styles. Cave 3 also shows icons and reliefs in the so-called "Vesara" style, a fusion of ideas from the two styles, as well as some of the earliest surviving historical examples in Karnataka of yantra-chakra motifs (geometric symbolism) and colored fresco paintings. The first three caves feature sculptures of Hindu icons and legends focusing on Shiva and Vishnu, while Cave 4 features Jain icons and themes.
Temple caves.
The Badami cave temples are carved out of soft Badami sandstone on a hill cliff. The plan of each of the four caves (1 to 4) includes an entrance with a verandah ("mukha mantapa") supported by stone columns and brackets, a distinctive feature of these caves, leading to a columned mantapa, or main hall (also "maha mantapa"), and then to the small, square shrine (sanctum sanctorum, "garbha ghriya") cut deep inside the cave. The cave temples are linked by a stepped path with intermediate terraces overlooking the town and lake. The cave temples are labelled 1–4 in their ascending series; this numbering does not reflect the sequence of excavation.
The architecture includes structures built in the Nagara and Dravidian styles, which is the first and most persistent architectural idiom to be adopted by the early chalukyas.
Cave 1.
Cave 1 is about above ground level on the north-west part of the hill. Access is through a series of steps that depict carvings of dwarfish ganas in different postures as if they hold the cave floor. The verandah, with an inner measurement of by , has five columns sculpted with reliefs of flower garlands, foliage and jewelry.
Nataraja Carving
The cave portrays the Tandava-dancing Shiva as Nataraja on the rock face to the right of entrance and also part of Gandharveda. The image, tall, has 18 arms (9 in left and 9 on right) in a form that expresses the dance position (about 9x9=81 combinations in total) arranged in a geometric pattern, which Alice Bonera Swiss art historian and Indologist, states is a time division symbolizing the cosmic wheel. The eighteen arms express Natya mudras (symbolic hand gestures), with some holding objects such as drums, a flame torch, a serpent, a trident and an axe. Shiva has his son Ganesha and the bull Nandi by his side. Adjoining the Nataraja, the wall depicts the goddess Durga of Shaktism tradition slaying the buffalo-demon Mahishasura. The sculptors had excellent knowledge of the natya mudras of Bharatanatya (a very popular classical dance in southern part of India), because there is no chance to correct any errors and it has to be perfectly carved at the first place otherwise the entire cave has to be abandoned.
Mahisasura Mardini Carving
On the right side of the Nataraja carving is a carving of Mahishasura mardini with Chaturbhuja (Chatur means 4, Bhuja means hands). The sculpture depicts the killing of the demon Mahishasura by Durga. Mahishasura was the son of Mahisi and great grandson of Bhahmarishi Kashyapa.
On the left of the entrance is a two-handed Shaiva dvarapala who holds a trident, and below him is a bull-elephant fused image where they share a head; seen from left it is an elephant and from right a bull.
Harihara Carving
Inside the veranda, the cave presents a carved sculpture of Harihara, a high sculpture of a fused image that is half-Shiva and half-Vishnu. He is flanked by the goddesses Parvati and Lakshmi on each side.
Ardhanareshwara Carving
To the right, toward the end of the wall, is a relief sculpture of Ardhanarishvara, a fused image of Shiva and his consort Parvati. One half of the image has Shiva with a moon on his mukuta (head), snakes in his hands, earrings and next to the half that represents Parvati is an attendant carrying a tray of jewels. Next to the Ardhanarishvara half that represents Shiva is Nandi the bull, and skeletal Bhringi, a devotee of Shiva. The Bhringi sadhu carvings shows the advance knowledge of anatomy for the whole body which includes the Skulls, Ribs, bones on hands and legs.
The carvings of Ardhanareshwara and Harihara were carefully built with a vision by the Chalukya kings delivering message to the Chalukya citizens about the equal rights for men and women in the society and need to mutually respect each other. There is no great male and no great female.
Inside this cave, the sons of Shiva, Ganesha and Kartikeya, the god of war and family deity of the Chalukya dynasty, are seen in one of the carved sculptures on the walls of the cave, with Kartikeya riding a peacock. The roof of the cave has five carved panels with the central panel depicting the Nagaraja, with flying couples on both sides. The head and bust are well formed and project from the centre of the coil. In another compartment a bas-relief in diameter has carvings of a male and female; the male is Yaksha carrying a sword and the female is Apsara with a flying veil. The succeeding panel has carvings of two small figures and the panel at the end is carved with lotuses.
All the figures are adorned with carved ornaments and surrounded by borders with reliefs of animals and birds. The lotus design is a common theme. On the ceiling are images of the Vidyadhara couples as well as couples in courtship and erotic Mithuna scenes. Through a cleft in the back wall of the cave is a square sanctuary with more carved images. In the mantapa is a seated Nandi facing the "garbha ghruha" (sacrum sanctum) containing a Shiva linga.
Cave 2.
Cave 2 is above and to the east of Cave1 and faces north. It was created in late 6th or early 7th century. It is smaller than Cave1, somewhat similar in terms of its floor plan, but it is dedicated primarily to Vishnu. Cave2 is reached by climbing 64 steps from the first cave. The cave entrance is a verandah divided by four square pillars with ends as half pillars, all carved out of the monolithic stone face. The pillars have decorative carvings with frieze of "ganas" (mythical dwarfs) with various facial expressions. On the two sides of the entrance are standing "dvarapalas" (guardians) holding flowers, not weapons. Like Cave1, Cave 2 art reflects Hindu theology and arts.
The largest relief in Cave 2 depicts the legend of Vishnu in his Trivikrama form, taking one of the . Below the raised step is a frieze showing the legend of Vamana dwarf avatar of Vishnu, before he morphs into the Trivikrama form. Another major relief shows the legend of Vishnu in his Varaha (a boar) avatar rescuing goddess earth (Bhudevi) from the depths of cosmic ocean, with a penitent multi-headed snake ("Nāga") below. Like other major "murti" (statue) in this and other Badami caves, the Varaha artwork is set in a circle and symmetrically laid out; according to Alice Boner, the panel is an upright rectangle whose "height is equal to the octopartite directing circle and sides are aligned to essential geometric ratios, in this case to the second vertical chord of the circle". The walls and ceiling have traces of colored paint, suggesting the cave used to have fresco paintings.
Inside the temple are friezes showing stories from Hindu texts such as the "Bhagavata Purana". These show the legend of cosmic ocean churning ("Samudra Manthan") and Krishna's birth and flute playing indicating the theological and cultural significance of these in 7th century India. The ceiling and door head carvings show Gajalakshmi, the swastika symbols, flying couples, Brahma, Vishnu asleep on Shesha and others.
The ceiling of Cave 2 shows a wheel with sixteen fish spokes in a square frame. The end bays have a flying couple and Vishnu on Garuda. The main hall in the cave is wide, deep, and high and is supported by eight square pillars in two rows. The roof of this hall has panels filled with bas-relief carvings. The sculptures of Cave 2, like Cave 1, are of the northern Deccan style of the 6th and 7th century similar to that found in Ellora Caves.
Cave 3.
Cave 3 is earliest dated Hindu temple in the Deccan region. It is dedicated to Vishnu; it is the largest cave in the complex. It has intricately carved friezes and giant figures of Trivikrama, Anantasayana, Vasudeva, Varaha, Harihara and Narasimha. Cave3's primary theme is Vaishnavite, though it also shows Harihara on its southern wall half Vishnu and half Shiva shown fused as one, making the cave important to Shaivism studies.
Facing north, Cave 3 is 60 steps from Cave2 at a higher level. Cave3's verandah is in length with an interior width of ; it has been sculpted deep into the mountain; an added square shrine at the end extends the cave further inside. The verandah itself is wide and has four free-standing, carved pillars separating it from the hall. The cave is high; it is supported by six pillars, each measuring . Each column and pilaster is carved with wide, deep bases crowned with capitals that are partly hidden by brackets on three sides. Each bracket, except for one, has carvings of human figures standing under foliage in different postures, of male and female mythological characters, and an attendant figure of a dwarf. A moulded cornice in the facia, with a dado of blocks below it (generally long), has about thirty compartments carved with two dwarves called "ganas".
Cave 3 also shows fresco paintings on the ceiling, some of which are faded and broken. These are among the earliest known surviving evidence of fresco painting in Indian art. The Hindu god Brahma is seen on Hamsa vahana in one of the murals. The wedding of Shiva and Parvati, attended by various Hindu deities is the theme of another.
There is a lotus medallion on the floor underneath the ceiling mural of Brahma. The ceiling has reliefs of many Vedic gods and goddesses such as Agni, Indra and Varuna. The cave artworks, in some cases, show the artists signatures, as well as a major inscription. This and other epigraphical evidence suggests that the cave temple was inaugurated on the "full moon day, 1 November 578". The roof of the verandah has seven panels created by cross beams; each is painted in circular compartments with images of deities including Shiva, Vishnu, Indra, Brahma and Kama, with smaller images of Dikpalas (cardinal guardians) at the corners.
The roof of the front aisle has panels with murals in the centre of male and female figurines flying in the clouds; the male figure is yaksha holding a sword and a shield. Decoration of lotus blooms are also seen on the panels. The roof of the hall is divided into nine panels slightly above the level of the ceiling. The central panel here depicts a deva mounted on a ramconjectured to be Agni. Images of Brahma and Varuna are also painted on the central panels; the floating figures are seen in the remaining panels.
The sculpture in Cave 3 is well preserved. Vishnu is presented in various avatars and forms, such as a standing Vishnu with eight arms; Vishnu seated on the hooded serpent Shesha on the eastern side of the veranda; Vishnu as standing Narasimha (man-lion avatar); Vishnu as Varaha (man-boar avatar) rescuing earth; Harihara (half Shiva, half Vishnu and their equivalence); and Trivikrama-Vamana avatars. The back wall has carvings of Vidhyadharas. The cave shows many "Kama" scenes in pillar brackets, where a woman and a man are in courtship or "mithuna" (erotic) embrace.
Aspects of the culture, cosmetics and clothing in the 6th century is visible in the art sculpted in this cave, showing a sophisticated tradition.
Cave 4.
Located immediately next to and east of Cave3, Cave4 floor is situated about 10 feet lower and is the smallest of the four. It is dedicated to Tirthankaras, the revered figures of Jainism. It was constructed after the first three, sponsored by Hindu kings in later part of the 7th-century. Some scholars state this cave may have been created in the 8thcentury. Some embellishments were likely added in later centuries until about the 11th or 12th century.
Like the other caves, Cave 4 features detailed carvings and a diverse range of motifs. The cave has a five-bayed entrance with four square columnseach with brackets and capitals. To the back of this verandah is a hall with two standalone and two joined pillars. The first aisle is a verandah long by wide, extending to deep. From the hall, steps lead to the sanctum sanctorum, which is wide extends to a depth of .
Inside the cave are major carvings of Bahubali, Parshvanatha and Mahavira with symbolic display of other Tirthankaras. Bahubali is standing in Kayotsarga meditating posture with vines wrapped around his leg, his classic iconography. Parshvanatha is shown with the five-headed cobra hood. Mahavira is represented sitting on a lion throne, whose identifying markers are not visibly and is identified by some scholars simply as a "seated Jina". This figure is flanked by bas-reliefs of attendants with "chauri" (fans), "sardulas" and makara's heads. Other carvings include Indrabhuti Gautama covered by four snakes, Brahmi and Sundari. In the sanctum is an image of Mahavira resting on a pedestal containing a 12th-century Kannada inscription marking the death of one Jakkave. Twenty-four small Jaina Tirthankara images are engraved on the inner pillars and walls. In addition there are idols of Yakshas, Yakshis and Padmavati.
The artistic work, the icons to represents ideas and the motifs in Badami Cave 4, states Lisa Owens, resembles those of nearby Aihole Jain caves and much farther north Ellora Caves Jain caves in northern Maharashtra.
Other caves.
Other than the numbered caves, Badami is home to many other cave monuments and medieval era temples. On the other side of the lake, near the Bhutanatha temple, is a 7th-8th century Chalukya period cave of small dimensions. Inside, there is a carved statue seated over a sculpted throne with reliefs showing people holding "chauris" (fans), a Pipal tree, elephants, and lions in an attacking pose. On one side of the statue is a chakra, on the other a conch shell. The statue wears abundant jewelry and a thread over its chest. The face of this statue is damaged and missing its face.
There are several theories as to who the statue represents. One theory holds that it is a relief of the Buddha in a sitting posture. This is supported by two "chauri" bearers who may be Bodhisattvas flanking the Buddha. According to George Michell, the halo, the Pipal tree, and cloak-like dress suggests that this was originally a Buddha statue. According to B.V. Shettiarchaeologist and curator of Prince of Wales Museum of Western India, the cave was not converted but from the start represented a tribute to "Mayamoha" of the Hindu Puranas, or "Buddhavatara Vishnu" (ninth avatar of Vishnu). This theory is supported by the chakra, conch and jewelry included in its iconography. The style suggests it was likely carved in or before the 8thcentury.
Another theory found in colonial-era texts such as one by John Murraya missionary in British India and Jainism scholar, states the main image carved in Cave5 is that of a Jaina figure. According to a third theory, by Henry Cousens and A.Sundaraarchaeologists, and supported by local legends, the statue is of an ancient king; in a photograph of the statue taken before its face was damaged, the figure lacked the Ushnisha lump that typically goes with Buddha's image. The statue has several unusual, non-Buddha ornaments such as rings for fingers, a necklace, and a chest-band; it wears a Hindu Yajnopavita thread and its head is stylistically closer to a Jina head than a Buddha's head. These features suggest the statue may be of a king represented with features of various traditions. According to Carol Radcliffe BolonAssistant Curator at the Smithsonian Freer Gallery of Art, the date and identity of the main statue in Cave5 remains enigmatic.
Close to the controversial cave are other monuments. One of them is a small shrine consisting of a 7th-century rock carving of Anantashayana Vishnu, or reclining Vishnu with Lakshmi and Garuda in namaste posture. Vishnu is shown restarting the cosmic cycle by giving birth to all of existence. Above the reclining carved relief are the ten avatars of Vishnu – Matsya, Kurma, Varaha, Narasimha, Vamana, Parashurama, Rama, Krishna, Buddha, and Kalki. Between the Narasimha and Vamana is shown relief of Brahma cord connected to Vishnu's navel. To the left of the relief is depicted the Trinity – Vishnu, Shiva, and Brahma, while to the right is a human couple and a mother cow with a calf feeding.
In 2013, Manjunath SullolliAssistant Director of Bagalkot district working for the state government of Karnataka, reported the discovery of another cave with 27 rock carvings, about from the four main caves. Water gushes from this newly discovered cave year round. It depicts Vishnu and other Hindu deities, and features an inscription in the Devanagari script. The dating of these carvings is unknown.
In popular culture.
Many scenes from web series 'The secret of the Shiledars' were shot at Badami caves complex.

</doc>
<doc id="6923349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923349" title="Matt Higgins (ice hockey)">
Matt Higgins (ice hockey)

Matthew Warren Higgins(born October 29, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens.
Playing career.
Higgins was selected 18th overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens. He played in 57 regular season NHL games throughout the 1997–98 NHL season to the 2000–01 NHL season. He began his hockey career with the Western Hockey League Moose Jaw Warriors in 1993 where he played until he was drafted.
Higgins then played for the American Hockey League Fredericton Canadiens and Quebec Citadelles. He played through two seasons for the Bridgeport Sound Tigers before moving to Europe to play for the Deutsche Eishockey Liga Iserlohn Roosters. He ended his professional career playing two seasons for HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).

</doc>
<doc id="6923350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923350" title="Afghan arabs">
Afghan arabs



</doc>
<doc id="6923353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923353" title="Nasa-Arab">
Nasa-Arab



</doc>
<doc id="6923356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923356" title="List of Shetfield Institute Characters in W.I.T.C.H.">
List of Shetfield Institute Characters in W.I.T.C.H.



</doc>
<doc id="6923361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923361" title="Mariscal Castilla District, Chachapoyas">
Mariscal Castilla District, Chachapoyas

Mariscal Castilla (Spanish "mariscal" marshal) is a district of the Chachapoyas Province, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6923364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923364" title="Pulpally">
Pulpally

Pulpally is a mid-sized town in the Wayanad District of Kerala, India. Pulpally is also known as 'The land of black gold'. It is also renowned for its pure wild Wayanad honey. The famous Seetha Devi temple in Kerala is located in Pulpally. Geographically, it is a small town in Sultan Bathery Taluk and a Grama Panchayat under the local self-governance system. It is about 24 km from Sultan Bathery, and is almost surrounded by forest. The main source of income is agriculture.
History.
About 7 km from Pulpally is the place of death of Pazhassi Raja who led the famous Pazhassi Revolt against the East India Company during the 18th century and was killed on 30 November 1805. The death place of Pazhassi Raja is called Mavilanthodu near Vandikadavu.This land had relations with the Indian epic Ramayana, it is said the goddess Sita Devi and her 2 sons, Kusha and Lava lived here.
Economy.
Agriculture is the main economic activity of people. Major crops are pepper, rubber, coconut, ginger, rice, vanilla. arecanut, and coffee. Even most of the people are dependent on pepper agriculture. Pulpally also known as 'The land of black gold'.Once upon a time this land was too rich because of black pepper and ginger cultivation, Pulpally was the place where in India that most Mahindra Jeep owners lived.Pulpally is also famous for its pure wild wayanad honey.
Places of interest.
One of the main attractions of Pulpally is the Kabani River. Kabani is one of the three rivers flowing to the east in Kerala. Others are Pambar and Bhavani. The important places are
Shopping.
It's the local commercial hub for the domiciliates of the surrounding areas of Pulpally. All kinds of essentials such as Grocery, Textiles, Home Appliances, Electronics, Computers, Electricals, Building Materials, Stationary, Agriculture products, Heavy metals, Automobiles are available here.
Festivals.
The Machur village across the Kabani river has good tourist potential as it is in the very middle of forest area. A large number of devotees come to visit the Gundara Dargah at Machur. The Veda Gowda tribe of Bavali area celebrate the Moori Abba or Ori Abba festival on the new moon day after Deepavali. Centuries ago, this tribe fled from Chitradurga district because of the persecution of Tippu Sultan. The purpose of this celebration is the prosperity of their crops. The festisval begins with nadi Pooja and a bullock race is also conducted. The bullocks are paraded before the Sree Basaveshwara Temple at Dodda Bairankuppa which is only 10 km away from the Kerala town of Pulpally.
Transportation.
Pulpally can be accessed from Mananthavady or Sultan Battery. The Periya ghat road connects Mananthavady to Kannur and Thalassery. The Thamarassery mountain road connects Calicut with Kalpetta. The Kuttiady mountain road connects Vatakara with Kalpetta and Mananthavady. The Palchuram mountain road connects Kannur and Iritty with Mananthavady. The road from Nilambur to Ooty is also connected to Wayanad through the village of Meppadi.
The nearest railway station is at Nanjangudu (Near Mysore) and Kozhikode. The nearest airports are Mysore airport 107 km (not for passenger flite)Kozhikode International Airport-120 km, Bengaluru International Airport-290 km, and Kannur International Airport, 58 km. nangangud nilambur railway project and wayanad airport awaited..

</doc>
<doc id="6923365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923365" title="Mariscal Castilla">
Mariscal Castilla



</doc>
<doc id="6923375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923375" title="Shockwave (Kings Dominion)">
Shockwave (Kings Dominion)

Shockwave was a stand-up roller coaster located at Kings Dominion in Doswell, Virginia. Opened in 1986, it was the third stand-up roller coaster installation built and designed by Japanese company TOGO. Following closures of the previous two, it became the oldest of its kind still in operation. After nearly thirty years in operation, Shockwave closed permanently on August 9, 2015. It was replaced by Delirium, a Mondial Revolution flat ride, which opened in 2016.
History.
The site on which Shockwave stood was formerly home to the Galaxie roller coaster, a small steel coaster of the S.D.C. Galaxi model. However, on September 11, 1983, an incident on the coaster resulted in the fatal injury of 13-year-old Daniel Watkins. The incident was used as the primary example of unsafe rides in local press coverage of the concurrent U.S. Senate hearings on amusement ride safety and regulation. Rather than reopen the attraction, Kings Dominion dismantled and sold it, to the Myrtle Beach Pavilion where it operated until 1997 as the Galaxi.
In August 1985, Kings Dominion announced that they would be building a TOGO stand-up roller coaster to replace Galaxie. It would be named Shockwave. The station design was known for having a station floor that was not level, which tilted down toward the front where the train exited. This eliminated the need to propel trains as they dispatched from the station, instead relying on gravity to roll out of the station.
Shockwave opened to the public on March 23, 1986. On opening day, its wait times were two and a half hours long. This was one of the two stand-up coasters named Shockwave to open that year, with the other one being at Six Flags Magic Mountain which opened two months later on May 16. The latter coaster was relocated to Six Flags Great Adventure in 1990 and Six Flags AstroWorld three years later in 1993 as Batman The Escape.
Shockwave became rougher over the years and its popularity began to decrease. Plus, the closure of TOGO's American offices in 2001 made getting spare parts much harder and expensive. After operating for nearly 30 years and accommodating over 22 million riders, Kings Dominion announced on July 9, 2015, that Shockwave would permanently close. Kings Dominion Vice President Pat Jones released a statement saying, "While it’s bittersweet to say goodbye to one of our older coasters, we’re excited for what the future holds...We’re happy that Shockwave was able to provide close to three decades of memories.” The last rides on Shockwave were given on August 9, 2015. A week later on August 20, Kings Dominion announced that it would be replaced by Delirium for the 2016 season. Demolition of Shockwave began in November 2015.
Theming.
The trains were painted blue with yellow restraints, and the station with natural-toned stain and paint. For the park's 25th anniversary in 2000, the entire ride was painted in non-standard scheme, neon colors. The superstructure and main rail were painted periwinkle, with the running rails alternating patches of aquamarine and orange. The trains were repainted orange, and the station in the same neon colors as the track. In 2011, Shockwave was repainted green for the tracks and teal for the supports.
Incidents.
On the evening of August 23, 1999, a 20-year-old man was thrown from the train's final turn at a speed of sustaining a fatal head injury upon contact with a steel walkway. Shockwave and two similar rides at other Paramount amusement parks were immediately closed. The event was originally reported as "an accident [that] resulted in the death of one park visitor," but further investigation proved otherwise. Bolstered by numerous eyewitness accounts, the cause was later attributed to the victim's disregard of park safety rules as he was seen intentionally freeing himself from restraints. In addition, an inspection found the safety restraints to be working properly at the time of the accident. Shockwave was reopened three days later on August 26, 1999.
Less than two weeks later on September 2, 1999, a 13-year-old boy, concerned that he was not properly fastened into his restraints, intentionally slipped out of them as the train was ascending the lift hill. He jumped onto the adjacent maintenance catwalk and escaped serious injury.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6923378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923378" title="Immigration to Macau">
Immigration to Macau

 
With the increase in prosperity and the expansion of the economy of Macau, there is a growing demand from all over the world for residency in the Special Administrative Region.
Immigration Services and related Department is under the Public Security Police Force.
Immigration Categories.
There are 4 categories for Macau Residency Application, including:
Criterion for investment in fixed assets.
The criterion for investment in fixed assets was discontinued in 2007. It had allowed for residency with purchase of real estate valued at 1 million MOP or more, and the deposit of 500,000 MOP into a Macau bank account for seven years. The government announced in 2010 it had no intention to make the fixed asset investment plan available again.
Applicants' spouses or cohabitators.
According to the Investment Residency Law of Macau, such application may be extended to include the spouse of applicant, applicant's and his/ her spouse's parents, and applicant's and his/ her spouse's dependent minors. Therefore, a total of three generations may be qualified under this scheme together with the main applicant. The definition of “spouse” under Macau law includes those who are legally declared by the court as separated couples and those who have “lived” with the applicant for more than two years. Therefore, cohabitators are also qualified.
Temporary residency card.
If the application is approved by the relevant government body in Macau, a “Temporary Residency Card” will be issued to the applicant. This Temporary Residency Card will be valid for a maximum period of 18 months, if the application is under the category of investment project; or 3 years for other types of applications. They are renewable only if the above criteria are fulfilled. The residency will become permanent after seven years of temporary residency in Macau.

</doc>
<doc id="6923385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923385" title="Pinole">
Pinole

Pinole, also called pinol, is roasted ground maize. The resulting powder is then used as a nutrient-dense ingredient to make different foods, such as cereals, baked goods, tortillas, and beverages. For example, it can be mixed with a combination of cocoa, agave, cinnamon, chia seeds, vanilla, or other spices, to make a beverage called pinolillo. 
The name comes from the Nahuatl word "pinolli", meaning cornmeal. Today, pinole is generally made by hand using wood-burning adobe ovens and a stone and pestle, and is still consumed in certain, often rural, parts of Latin America. Pinole is considered the national beverage of Nicaragua.
Nutritional content.
Depending on the type of pinole and the quality of its ingredients, pinole can be high in key vitamins and nutrients, including protein, amino acids, fiber, and antioxidants. For many indigenous peoples of Mexico and Central America, it is relied upon as a key source of nutrition and sustenance.
Uses.
Tarahumara people.
Along with chia, pinole is a staple food of Rarámuri (Tarahumara) people, an indigenous people of the Copper Canyon of Mexico. The name "Rarámuri" means "footrunners". Noted for physical stamina and their ability to run extraordinarily long distances wearing only "huarache" sandals with soles made of recycled tire treads and their traditional garb of a white cotton loincloth with a woven belt, the Rarámuri consume "bajíachi" (corn beer) and pinole before races.
In other folklore.
The recorded history of Pinole, California, dates back to the early 1700s, when a Spanish commandant, Don Pedro Fages, led an exploration through the Contra Costa shoreline of California. With a small band of soldiers and an Indian guide, Don Pedro Fages left Monterey and traveled northward until he reached the area known today as Pinole. According to legend, the soldiers ran out of provisions on their march and found a village of Indians who gave them food. This food consisted of a form of meal, made from acorns, seeds, and wild grain, which they called “pinole” (derived from the Aztec word "pinolli", meaning ground and toasted grain or seeds.) Thus, the soldiers named their camp “El Pinole,” and Pinole received its name.
Commercial products.
Authentic pinole can occasionally be found in rural markets throughout Mexico and Central America. It is generally made by hand and sold as a powder in burlap pouches. A sugar-heavy, mass-market version can also sometimes be found in Latin American supermarkets under brands such as Don Julio.

</doc>
<doc id="6923386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923386" title="List of Sheffield Institute Characters in W.I.T.C.H.">
List of Sheffield Institute Characters in W.I.T.C.H.



</doc>
<doc id="6923389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923389" title="Louisiana Parish">
Louisiana Parish



</doc>
<doc id="6923391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923391" title="Vortex (Paramount's Great America)">
Vortex (Paramount's Great America)



</doc>
<doc id="6923403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923403" title="Great Chase (SFEG)">
Great Chase (SFEG)



</doc>
<doc id="6923407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923407" title="Baba Sy">
Baba Sy

Baba Sy was a Senegalese international draughts player and the first world champion from Africa.
He was discovered in 1959 by Émile Biscons, a French draughts champion who was working in Dakar at the time.
In 1962 Germany organized a "big game/party", he was the only Senegalese and only African. He played against 150 players simultaneously spending few seconds per table. Several champions are part of the "big game/party" and he is declared the winner. By some accounts he is said to have beat each of the 150 players, in other accounts the results were 122 wins, 33 draws, and 5 losses. In either case, a remarkable achievement.
During the 1963–64 World Championship, a controversial dispute arose between him and Iser Kuperman, and the final match was not played. The championship title for this competition remained unresolved at the time of Baba Sy's death (car accident) in 1978. He was posthumously declared the victor in 1986. The matter caused some debate over the years.
He is sometimes seen as a pioneer who paved the way for other African players.

</doc>
<doc id="6923411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923411" title="River Trail">
River Trail

There are many uses for River Trail:

</doc>
<doc id="6923413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923413" title="Cobra (La Ronde)">
Cobra (La Ronde)

Cobra was a stand-up roller coaster located at La Ronde amusement park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Built by Intamin, Cobra opened to the public in 1988 at Skara Sommarland amusement park, where it operated until 1994. It reopened at La Ronde the following season in 1995 and was one of only three stand-up roller coasters manufactured by Intamin. Cobra was removed from the park's website in 2016 and then demolished in 2018.
History.
The roller coaster was relocated in 1994 from the Skara Sommarland amusement park in Sweden, where it was known as the "Stand Up". In 2007, it was announced that a colony of Townsend's big-eared bats had settled in the ride's engine room. Le Cobra was a clone of the Shockwave coaster that was at Six Flags Magic Mountain, Six Flags Great Adventure and later at Six Flags AstroWorld as Batman The Escape. Cobra only had one inversion (a vertical loop), a turnaround dive hill and a helix through the only loop.

</doc>
<doc id="6923415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923415" title="Joint Jewish and Islamic Philosophies">
Joint Jewish and Islamic Philosophies



</doc>
<doc id="6923419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923419" title="Hear It Now">
Hear It Now

Hear It Now, an American radio program on CBS, began on December 15, 1950, ending in June 1951. It was hosted by Edward R. Murrow and produced by Murrow and Fred W. Friendly. It ran for one hour on Fridays at 9 pm Eastern Time.
The show's beginnings.
The Columbia Records album "I Can Hear It Now 1933–1945" (1948) was described in the book "Biographical Dictionary of Radio" as "a spectacular critical and commercial success". The boxed-set album consisted of five 78 rpm recordings, totaling about 45 minutes of sound, and it was the first documentary recording to become widely popular. A collaboration between Murrow and Friendly, it interwove historical events with speeches and Murrow's narration and marked the beginning of one of the most famous pairings in journalism history.
The huge success of the record (and two follow-up albums released in 1949 and 1950) prompted the pair to parlay it into a weekly radio show for CBS, called "Hear It Now". Originally, the series was to have been titled "Report to the Nation", and was identified as such when it was announced as the following week's replacement for "Broadway Is My Beat" at the end of its December 8, 1950, episode. Before its premiere, though, CBS retitled it "Hear It Now" to capitalize on the popularity of Murrow's albums.
The hour-long program was carried on 173 stations.
Format.
The show had a "magazine" format. It sought to include a variety of sounds from current events such as an atom smasher at work or artillery fire from Korea. It was the artillery fire that produced one of the show's more poignant moments as it backdropped the words of American soldiers fighting the Korean War. The entire premise of the show was to include the "actual sound of history in the making", according to Murrow. Some of the show's audio was what "Time" magazine called "fairly routine" in 1950. Such soundbites as Communist China's General Wu and Russia's Andrei Vishinsky along with U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Warren Austin were included among those routinely used. But "Time" also lauded the "vivid reality" created by the aforementioned artillery clips, comments from wounded U.S. marines or Carl Sandburg's recital of his "The People, Yes".
The legwork involved in producing the program often exceeded the amount of programming culled from the reporting. For an hour and a half of interviews in Koto the duo was able to use 21 seconds of the material on the air. The program also shied away from the traditional use of string music common to many radio shows of the time period. Instead the show relied on composers such as David Diamond and Lehman Engel to produce its music.
Murrow anchored the show with news and editorial commentary but "Hear It Now" also featured regular oral columns and features.
The show wrapped up each week's broadcast with a four to ten minute "closeup". An example of the subject matter of the closeup was General of the Army Douglas MacArthur.
Impact of television.
The rising importance of television compelled a reluctant Murrow in 1951 to introduce a TV version of the radio show, called "See It Now". With the inception of "See It Now", "Hear It Now" ended its on-air run.
Recognition.
"Hear It Now" received an honorable mention in the 1950 Peabody Awards. The citation called the program "a brilliant application of tape-recording to the purpose of the news summary, by which the listener is privileged to hear the news from the very individuals who made it".

</doc>
<doc id="6923421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923421" title="Petersburg Practical Technological Institure">
Petersburg Practical Technological Institure



</doc>
<doc id="6923430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923430" title="Molinopampa District">
Molinopampa District

Molinopampa is a district of the Chachapoyas Province, Peru. The district is located at an altitude of 2,407 m above sea level, covers an area of 400 km2. It is located at the right bank of the Ventilla River.
Molinopampa offers several attractive places, like ruins and the River Sonche that invites to remain or go fishing, that's why also the trout is rich well in this place.
To the north the district borders the Quinjalca District (Chachapoyas) and Granada District (Chachapoyas), to the southeast with the Longar District, to the south-west the Cheto District (Chachapoyas).

</doc>
<doc id="6923435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923435" title="Quaking Aspen">
Quaking Aspen



</doc>
<doc id="6923436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923436" title="Molinopampa">
Molinopampa



</doc>
<doc id="6923442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923442" title="Rational theology">
Rational theology



</doc>
<doc id="6923449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923449" title="Lately (Skunk Anansie song)">
Lately (Skunk Anansie song)

"Lately" is a song by British rock band Skunk Anansie, released as the third single from their third studio album, "Post Orgasmic Chill" (1999). It was released in July 1999. CD1 of the single comes with an interactive element featuring the video, and CD2 features three exclusive Polaroid pictures of the band. As of , it is the band's last major hit, charting at number 33 in their native United Kingdom and number two in Iceland.
Music video.
The surreal music video was directed by Howard Greenhalgh. The video shows the band performing in a small town where all its maladjusted inhabitants are deformedly smiling while a comet (played by Skin) begins to have a collision course with Earth, killing everyone in the neighborhood. The video for the single was a homage to Soundgarden's music video for "Black Hole Sun", which was also directed by Greenhalgh in 1994.
Track listings.
CD1
CD2

</doc>
<doc id="6923452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923452" title="Montevideo District">
Montevideo District

Montevideo District is one of twenty-one districts of the province Chachapoyas in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6923460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923460" title="LaVista, Nebraska">
LaVista, Nebraska



</doc>
<doc id="6923465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923465" title="Emmy awards">
Emmy awards



</doc>
<doc id="6923467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923467" title="Robert Johnston (American politician)">
Robert Johnston (American politician)

Robert Johnston (October 14, 1818 – November 6, 1885) was a politician serving in the Congress of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.
Johnston was born in Rockbridge County, Virginia. He served in the antebellum Virginia state legislature and later represented his state in the Provisional Confederate Congress, the First Confederate Congress and the Second Confederate Congress. He represented Virginia's 15th district, comprising the counties of Lewis, Wood, Pleasants, Tyler, Ritchie, Doddridge, Upshur, Randolph, Webster, Tucker, Barbour, Harrison, Taylor, Gilmer, and Calhoun, all of which are now part of West Virginia. By mid-1861 most of these counties were either under Union military occupation or had no county government, so voting was done by refugees or soldiers. He later served as a judge in Virginia from 1880 to 1885.
Johnston died of tuberculosis at Harrisonburg, Virginia, and was buried there in Woodbine Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6923469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923469" title="Falling Creek Methodist Church and Cemetery">
Falling Creek Methodist Church and Cemetery

The Falling Creek Methodist Church and Cemetery (also known as the Falling Creek United Methodist Church) is a historic church in Lake City, Florida. It is located six miles northwest of Lake City, on SR 161. On April 4, 1996, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6923475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923475" title="USS Astoria (1917)">
USS Astoria (1917)



</doc>
<doc id="6923482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923482" title="Monetny Dvor">
Monetny Dvor



</doc>
<doc id="6923484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923484" title="Ogiri-saro">
Ogiri-saro



</doc>
<doc id="6923487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923487" title="Olleros District">
Olleros District



</doc>
<doc id="6923490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923490" title="Olleros">
Olleros



</doc>
<doc id="6923491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923491" title="Colorado State Forest">
Colorado State Forest



</doc>
<doc id="6923500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923500" title="USS Astoria (SP-2005)">
USS Astoria (SP-2005)



</doc>
<doc id="6923501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923501" title="Quinjalca District">
Quinjalca District

Quinjalca District is one of twenty-one districts of the province Chachapoyas in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6923502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923502" title="Magyar őshaza">
Magyar őshaza



</doc>
<doc id="6923504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923504" title="Quinjalca">
Quinjalca



</doc>
<doc id="6923507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923507" title="S-class destroyer (1917)">
S-class destroyer (1917)

The S class (initially known as the Modified "Trenchant" class) was a class of 67 destroyers ordered for the Royal Navy in 1917 under the 11th and 12th Emergency War Programmes. They saw active service in the last months of the First World War and in the Russian and Irish Civil Wars during the early 1920s. Most were relegated to the reserve by the mid-1920s and subsequently scrapped under the terms of the London Naval Treaty. Eleven survivors saw much action during the Second World War.
Background.
In early 1917, the First World War had been going on for two and a half years. Despite the disappointing outcome of the Battle of Jutland the previous year, the British Grand Fleet, consisting of battleships, cruisers, and destroyers and based in northern Scotland, was successfully confining the German surface navy to the German Bight, while enforcing a blockade of German maritime trade with the wider world. In southern North Sea, the Harwich Force and the Dover Patrol, both consisting of cruisers and destroyers, maintained control of the eastern approaches to the English Channel and the Thames Estuary and safeguarded British communications with France. German submarine attacks on British trade became increasingly effective during the autumn of 1916, and unrestricted submarine warfare was soon to begin; finding effective countermeasures was increasingly taxing for the Admiralty. In the Mediterranean, the Royal Navy provided support to the French and Italian Fleets countering the threat posed by the Austro-Hungarian and Turkish fleets. All of these diverse naval commitments placed huge demands on the Royal Navy's resources; in particular, the need for large numbers of destroyers was pressing.
Since mid-1916, destroyer production had concentrated on the large and powerful V and W classes, intended to match large German destroyers reported to be under construction. However, the Admiralty had come to appreciate that these intelligence reports had been overstated, thus the next orders could revert to the smaller destroyers of the Modified R class of March 1916, which could be built in large numbers quickly and cheaply. The resultant design, formulated in February 1917, incorporated some wartime lessons and suggestions from destroyer officers serving with the fleet, thus was identified as a new class.
Design and construction.
The new class had two funnels, a long forecastle and a tall bridge, which unusually, was located "behind" the break in the main deck. Following consultations with sea-going officers, several novel features were included, principally to enhance sea-keeping capabilities in rough weather and battle-worthiness in night action. Consideration was given to having a well deck forward of the bridge with an additional pair of torpedo tubes, in the fashion of contemporary German ocean-going torpedo boats, but this arrangement was rejected because it would be detrimental to ship handling in rough weather. The design had a heavily raked stem and sheer forward, a slight turtleback on the fo'c's'le deck, and a rounded bridge front, intended to deflect waves. Two single 18-inch (450 mm) torpedo tubes were fitted under the bridge on single rotating mounts port and starboard, intended to be fired directly by the commanding officer with toggle ropes during night actions, and the searchlight was relocated aft, mounted on top of the aft torpedo tubes (this to avoid the bridge officers being blinded by its glare during night actions). The single 18-inch torpedo tubes proved to be of little use, and were soon removed in the majority of vessels as a weight-saving measure (only "Tara", "Tintagel", and "Trojan" retained theirs).
The S class was built in two batches, the first 33 ordered on 9 April 1917 and the second batch of 36 in June 1917, respectively.
Most were built to the design prepared by the Admiralty ("Admiralty S class"), finalized on 3 July 1917. As was common practice during the First World War, the Admiralty allowed two specialist destroyer builders, Thornycrofts and Yarrows a free hand to develop their own designs based on the current Admiralty designs, which other yards were contracted to build. Generally, these "specials" had considerably higher speeds; this performance enhancement stemmed largely from the higher quality of workmanship practiced by these specialist builders, rather than due to deficiencies of the Admiralty designs. Thus the seven vessels ordered from Yarrow were built to a distinct design ("Yarrow S class"); similarly the five ordered from Thornycroft were the "Thornycroft S class".
Engineering.
Most of the Admiralty S class had Brown-Curtis single-reduction geared turbines; seven vessels ("Steadfast", "Sterling", "Stonehenge", "Stormcloud", "Tilbury", "Tintagel", and "Strenuous") had Parsons Impulse-Reaction turbines, instead. Three Yarrow boilers (maximum pressure ) were fitted in all except the vessels built by Whites (which had White-Forster boilers). The highest trial speed of the Admiralty S class was recorded by "Senator" (with , 360.1 rpm) at a displacement of 1,019 tons.
Aircraft.
"Senator" conducted trials in June 1918 to test the feasibility of a flying off platform aft, with the intent of launching an aircraft with the ship proceeding full speed astern; however, the amount of spray rendered this proposal unworkable. Later (c. 1927–28) both "Stronghold" and "Thanet" were fitted with a cordite catapult for launching aircraft from their fo'c's'le (the forward gun was removed); they were used to test the Larynx, an early experimental type of cruise missile.
Various S-class destroyers were used at different times during the 1920s and 1930s as attendant vessels for aircraft carriers: "Searcher" in the Mediterranean Fleet and "Tyrian", "Sesame", "Sturdy", and "Stronghold" in the Home Fleet. Their armament was removed (in order to lighten the ship for maximum speed), and a davit installed on the fo'c's'le for recovery of ditched aircraft.
Target ship control vessel.
"Shikari" was completed in 1924 with the special role as a control vessel for the fleet's target ships (initially , replaced by in 1926). All armament was removed and a radio transmitter antenna added. She served in this role until the outbreak of the Second World War, when she was refitted as an operational unit.
Naming.
The class, initially referred to as the "Modified "Trenchant" class", was officially named the "S class" by the Admiralty Board in November 1917 (even though 26 out of 67 vessels had names beginning with T). Some of the R class also had names beginning with S or T, which can be a source of confusion.
Some had rather obscure names:
"Sardonyx" is a red onyx gemstone;
"Seabear" (incorrectly spelt "Sea Bear" in some sources) is an archaic term for polar bear;
"Seafire" is a term for marine bioluminescence;
"Seawolf" is an archaic term for various species of voracious fish (such as the wolffish) or marine mammals (such as the elephant seal or sea lion);
"Sepoy" was an infantryman of the Indian army;
"Seraph" is a type of angel;
"Serapis" was an ancient Graeco-Egyptian god;
"Shikari" is an Urdu term for a big game hunter or hunting guide in British India;
"Simoom" (incorrectly spelt "Simoon" in some sources) is a dry desert wind in the Sahara (there was also an R Class destroyer of this name, sunk on 23 January 1917);
"Sirdar" is a Persian title of nobility used to denote princes, noblemen, and other aristocrats; it was used as the title for the commander of the Anglo-Egyptian Army;
"Tara" was the traditional seat of the High King of Ireland;
"Tryphon" (Τρύφων) is a Greek given name, meaning 'gentle' or 'sweet' (famous historical figures bearing the name include a Seleucid Emperor of the second Century BCE, a Greek grammarian in the first century BCE, and a 3rd Century Christian Saint);
"Tyrian" is a precious type of purple dye used in regal robes in antiquity.
"Sterling" was originally ordered with the name "Stirling", apparently due to a typing error.
Ships in the class.
"Abbreviations": BU:broken up for scrap; RAN: Royal Australian Navy; RCN: Royal Canadian Navy; IJN: Imperial Japanese Navy.
Thornycroft S class.
John I. Thornycroft &amp; Company Limited, based at Woolston, Southampton, was a shipbuilding firm specializing in construction of destroyers and other fast vessels. These five vessels were built to Thornycroft's own design, based on a modified version of their R-class destroyer . Thornycrofts emphasized improved performance via larger, more powerful machinery. In order to incorporate larger boilers, the beam was increased by (with a metacentric height .) The increased stability allowed a higher mounting for the forward gun, which was placed on a superstructure that acted as a breakwater.
They had a designed power of ; on trials, "Tobago" made with , on a displacement of 979 tons. The first two were ordered in April 1917 and the last three in June 1917. The 18-inch torpedoes under the bridge were fixed athwartship, rather than being rotating mounts as was the case in the Admiralty S-class.
Yarrow S class.
Yarrow &amp; Company, Limited, based at Scotstoun in the west of Glasgow, were another firm specializing in construction of destroyers and similar vessels. These seven vessels were built to Yarrow's own design, based on a modified version of "Ulleswater" (Yarrow R class). By reducing the weights of both hull and machinery, Yarrows were able to produce much faster vessels. In order to save weight, they had direct-dive Brown-Curtis turbines rated at only ; however on trials "Tyrian" made with on 786 tons displacement.
Initially five were to be ordered in April 1917, however two more ("Torch" and "Tomahawk") were added, replacing previous orders for two W-class destroyers ("Wayfarer" and "Woodpecker"). This change was made at the request of Sir Alfred Yarrow to streamline production; otherwise, his yard would have had three different designs under construction at the same time.
Operational service.
These vessels saw comparatively little action, most being completed in the closing stages or after the end of the First World War, and scrapped before the start of Second World War.
First World War.
The first S-class destroyer to be completed, "Simoom", joined the Grand Fleet in April 1918. The Commodore(F) commanding the Grand Fleet destroyer flotillas did not approve of the design, largely because of the 18-inch torpedoes, which were considered useless. The C-in-C, Admiral David Beatty, concurred; he had only consented to the design on the understanding that they would be employed at Harwich or Dover, while the Grand Fleet got W-class ships with six 21-inch torpedo tubes. However, despite his wishes, most of them were allocated to the Grand Fleet on completion. "Senator" and "Sikh" were with the Dover Patrol from June–August 1918, before going to the Mediterranean, where "Shark", "Tilbury" and "Tribune" followed. At the time of the armistice in November 1918, there were 27 vessels were in commission, allocated as follows
Post-war service, 1919–1932.
The Royal Navy was re-organized in March and April 1919 into three principal fleets: the Atlantic Fleet (comprising the newest battleships and battlecruisers, with supporting cruisers and destroyers in home waters), the Home Fleet (which comprised slightly less modern ships at lower complement; it was renamed the Reserve Fleet on 1 November 1919) and the Mediterranean Fleet; In addition, there were various overseas squadrons for policing the Empire (Africa Station, East Indies Station, China Station and North America and West Indies Station), the Dominion Naval Forces, and commands based at the principal naval bases in the United Kingdom (i.e. Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham (The Nore) and Rosyth), which included large numbers of decommissioned vessels held in reserve with skeleton crews. Under this scheme, the destroyer flotillas were completely re-organized, with a standard composition of two leaders and 16 destroyers. The 1st, 2nd and 3rd flotillas (V/W-class destroyers), were in the Atlantic Fleet; The Home Fleet had two flotillas (4th and 5th) of R-class vessels; The 6th Flotilla, comprising S-class destroyers, was sent to the Mediterranean Fleet, while the 7th Flotilla, also of S-class destroyers, formed a ready reserve at Rosyth.
Organization, July 1919:
Russian Civil War.
A destroyer division consisting of four of these ships, "Seafire", "Scotsman", "Scout" and "Seabear" (under Commander A. B. Cunningham in "Seafire"), was part of Admiral Walter Cowan's squadron March–May 1919 during the British campaign in the Baltic (1918–19). Among other duties, they were involved in the Latvian War of Independence, foiling an attempted coup by German troops in the port of Libau.
During 1919–20 the S-class destroyers in the Mediterranean participated in the British intervention in southern Russia, giving military aid to the White Russian forces under Generals Denikin and Wrangel. In particular, "Tomahawk" and "Tribune" helped defend the Perekop line in January 1920; "Sportive" look part in the evacuation of White Troops from Odessa in February 1920; "Steadfast", "Sikh" and "Seraph" were involved in the evacuation of Novorossik in March 1920; and "Seraph" and "Shamrock" in the final evacuation from the Crimea in November 1920, while "Tourmaline" and "Tobago" patrolled off Novorossisk and Tuapse to intercept any Soviet attempts to interfere ("Tobago" hit a mine during these operations, and was consequently scrapped).
Irish Civil War.
After the Irish Free State came into being on 6 December 1922, the Royal Navy retained the right to base ships at three Treaty Ports: Berehaven, Queenstown/Cobh and Lough Swilly. In order to maintain a naval presence in these ports, "Seawolf", "Scythe" and "Sesame" were commissioned at reduced complement as independent commands in Irish waters during the 1920s. "Scythe" had a minor involvement in the Irish Civil War when machine gun fire was directed at her while moored at Spike Island (Queenstown harbour) on 21 March 1924. The S class serving in Irish waters had all been replaced with more modern vessels by 1931.
Mediterranean, Atlantic Fleet and China.
In 1921 British destroyer flotillas were re-organized into formations consisting of one leader plus eight destroyers. The S-class destroyers, which formed the Mediterranean Fleet's destroyer force at that time, became the 7th and 8th Flotillas.
Organization, January 1923:
The 7th Flotilla returned to Home Waters to become part of the Atlantic Fleet in July 1923; it was re-designed as the 9th Flotilla in 1925 before being reduced to reserve by February 1926. The 8th Flotilla followed in October 1923, remaining in commission (with 40% complements) as part of the Atlantic Fleet until 1927. The flotilla was then deployed to the China Station during the period of tension precipitated by the threat to British concessions at Shanghai (see Shanghai Defence Force).
Organization, October 1930:
The S-class destroyers of the 8th Flotilla remained in China until 1931, when they were replaced by V/W-class ships, and came home to pay off. By 1933 only five remained active in British service: "Shamrock" and "Searcher" as Gibraltar guard ships, "Shikari" in the fleet target service, and "Stronghold" and "Sardonyx" as tenders at Portsmouth.
Service in Dominion navies.
Australia
Five of the Admiralty S class, "Stalwart", "Success", "Swordsman", "Tasmania" and "Tattoo", along with the leader , were presented to the Royal Australian Navy in June 1919. The ships were all commissioned on 27 January 1920 in U.K., and sailed for Australia the following month, arriving in Sydney on 29 April 1920. They spent much of their careers in reserve or operating close to Sydney; "Stalwart" visited New Guinea in June–July 1924. and "Tattoo" made a trip to New Guinea and the Solomon Islands in September 1932. All were sold for scrapping on 4 June 1937 and were broken up at Penguin Ltd., of Balmain; the hulks of "Swordsman" and "Stalwart" were scuttled off Sydney in 1939.
Canada
Two of the Thornycroft S class, "Torbay" and "Toreador", were loaned to the Royal Canadian Navy in 1927 and commissioned on 1 March 1928. They were renamed "Champlain" and "Vancouver" respectively. "Champlain" served on the east coast, "Vancouver" on the west, both mostly being engaged in sea training. They paid off on 25 November 1936 and were scrapped in 1937 in Canada.
Reserve and disposals, 1926–1938.
Of 67 vessels completed, four were lost or scrapped as a result of damage on active service during 1919–22; five (Fairfield's "Spear" and "Sikh", and the Yarrow Specials "Tomahawk", "Tumult" and "Torch") were scrapped in the late 1920s.
On 31 December 1930 the London Naval Treaty came into force, limiting RN destroyers to a total of 150,000 tons by 31 December 1936. As new construction joined the fleet, the S class, being less capable than the contemporary V/W-class ships (which had only slightly higher displacement), were sold for scrap: 13 in 1931, 9 in 1932, 6 in 1934 and 10 in 1935. The terms of the London treaty expired at the end of 1936, nevertheless 8 more were scrapped in 1937 (all but one being RCN/RAN vessels) and 1 in 1938.
Eleven vessels survived to see service during the Second World War, six in European waters, five in the Far East.
Second World War service, European waters.
Following the outbreak of war both "Shikari" (the disarmed remote control vessel for target ships) and "Sabre" (which had been disarmed as an aircraft bombing target ship) were refitted for active service as escort vessels. "Sturdy", which had been refitted as a minelayer, sailed for Hong Kong in 1939 but was retained in the Mediterranean as attendant destroyer to the aircraft carrier , which operated as a training carrier based at Toulon between November 1939 and the French collapse in June 1940, after which she returned to home waters. "Sabre" was damaged by an accident early in the war and was under repair until spring 1940. At the time of the Dunkirk evacuation in May 1940, "Sabre", "Scimitar" and "Shikari" were with the 16th Destroyer Flotilla at Harwich and "Saladin" with the 11th Destroyer Flotilla at Devonport; all participated in the evacuation, carrying over 12,000 troops between them. "Saladin" was severely damaged by air attack on 28 May 1940, while "Shikari" was the last ship to leave Dunkirk, (at 0340 hrs, 4 June 1940), with enemy troops only away. 
By June 1940 "Sabre", "Shikari", "Sturdy", "Scimitar", "Saladin" and "Sardonyx" (together with the last R-class destroyer, ) had formed the 22nd Destroyer Flotilla at Portsmouth; they remained there in readiness to repel a German invasion, until the autumn, when they started being allocated as escorts to Atlantic convoys. "Sturdy" was lost on 30 October 40 while on such duty. In 1941–42 they were refitted as escort vessels: the forward 4-inch gun was retained, but the other guns and torpedo tubes were landed; in their place, two quadruple 0.5-inch anti-aircraft (AA) guns were mounted between the funnels; a single a 12-pounder AA gun replaced the forward bank of tubes, and eight depth charge throwers plus two stern racks were added (40–70 depth charges were carried). Later four single 20 mm AA replaced the 0.5-inch machine guns, and the number of depth charge throwers was reduced to four. Type 291 radar was added. Deep load displacement rose to 1385–1400 tons; Their over-loading caused them to roll terribly in rough North Atlantic weather. By January 1941 they were all allocated to Atlantic convoy escort groups based at Derry, and later the 21st Escort Group based in Iceland, 1942–44. Their sole success against German U-boats was on 29 June 1941 when "Scimitar" was escorting Convoy HX 133 and participated in the destruction of "U.651" south of Iceland. As more modern ships reached the fleet in numbers, they transferred to coastal convoy work in Home Waters in late 1943-mid 1944. "Scimitar" and "Saladin" were involved in the Exercise Tiger debacle in April 1944. Most of them were paid off as training ships or to reserve in late 1944, although "Sabre" was still active as a coastal escort on VE Day.
Second World War service, Far East.
"Thanet", "Thracian", "Scout", "Tenedos" and "Stronghold" were refitted for service in the Far East as local defense destroyers ("Sturdy", "Scimitar" and "Sardonyx" were intended to join them in 1939–40, thereby creating a full flotilla). "Scout", "Tenedos" and "Stronghold" were refitted as minelayers, their torpedo tubes and aft guns were replaced by stowage for 40 mines. "Tenedos" and "Stronghold" laid defensive minefields around Singapore and Malaya, 1939–41.
At the outbreak of war with Japan, on 7 December 1941, "Tenedos" and "Stronghold" were at Singapore, while "Thanet", "Thracian" and "Scout" were at Hong Kong. "Scout" and "Thanet" were ordered to Singapore on 8 December 1941, while "Thracian" remained to take part in the defense of Hong Kong, and was scuttled on 19 December 1941.
"Tenedos" formed part of Force Z during the ill-fated sortie 8–10 December 1941 in which and were sunk. "Thanet" and "Stronghold" were sunk during the fall of the Malay Barrier, January–March 1942, while "Scout" and "Tenedos" were assigned to the ABDA Western Striking Force, and escaped to Ceylon in March 1942 following the Japanese invasion of Java. "Tenedos" was later sunk by Japanese carrier aircraft at Colombo, 5 April 1942, while "Scout" remained in service in the Indian Ocean until December 1943; her refit at Bombay was abandoned as uneconomic and she was laid up at Trincomalee in June 1944 as an accommodation hulk; she was returned to UK in December 1945 and scrapped.
"Thracian" was salved by the Japanese and used as "Patrol Vessel No.101" (第101号哨戒艇) (refloated 10 July 1942, in service 25 November 1942); she was assigned to the Yokosuka Naval District as a coastal escort in Japanese waters for most of 1943, before becoming a radar training vessel at Yokosuka in March 1944; she was returned to RN control at Hong Kong in October 1945 and scrapped locally in February 1946.
Opinion.
Admiral Cunningham, the Royal Navy's most famous Admiral of the Second World War, had a high opinion of this class:
Notes.
Notes to tables of ships

</doc>
<doc id="6923517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923517" title="Frank Reade">
Frank Reade

Frank Reade was the protagonist of a series of dime novels published primarily for boys. The first novel, "Frank Reade and His Steam Man of the Plains", an imitation of Edward Ellis's "The Steam Man of the Prairies" (1868), was written by Harry Enton and serialized in the Frank Tousey juvenile magazine "Boys of New York," February 28 through April 24, 1876. The four Frank Reade stories concerned adventures with the character's inventions, various robot-like mechanisms powered by steam. 
A very long series of juvenile novels followed which featured the son of Frank Reade, "Frank Reade Jr.", as its teenaged inventor-hero. These stories were written by Luis P. Senarens (1865–1939) with the pseudonym "Noname". Extremely popular during their time, they were often reprinted and new stories have been created as recently as 2011, in the pulp short story collection, "Wildthyme in Purple". They were first serialized in "Boys of New York", then the individual novels were collected in the "Franke Reade Library" series that followed. Some were later reprinted in "Wide Awake Library".
His inventions included airships of the dirigible-balloon and helicopter type, submersibles, steam-driven and electrical land vehicles, and steam- and electric-powered robots.
The Frank Reade stories are perhaps the best known of the many boys' invention fiction series published in America during the later 19th century. Frank Reade Jr. has appeared as an older man in Alan Moore's "Nemo: Heart of Ice", and the Reade family as a whole has also been featured in Paul Guinan and Anina Bennett's "Frank Reade: Adventures in the Age of Invention".

</doc>
<doc id="6923522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923522" title="West Middlesex University Hospital">
West Middlesex University Hospital

West Middlesex University Hospital (WMUH) is an acute NHS hospital in Isleworth, West London, operated by Chelsea and Westminster Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. It is a teaching hospital of Imperial College School of Medicine and a designated academic health science partner (Imperial College Academic Health Sciences Partnership). West Middlesex University Hospital serves patients in the London Boroughs of Hounslow, Richmond upon Thames and Ealing. The hospital has over 400 beds and provides a full range of clinical services including accident and emergency, acute medicine, care of the elderly, surgery and maternity.
History.
In 1894, the Brentford Board of Guardians bought a property at Isleworth from Lord Warkworth to accommodate an infirmary for the local workhouse. The hospital opened by Princess Mary of Teck as the Brentford Workhouse Infirmary in October 1896. It became known as the West Middlesex Hospital in 1920 and the West Middlesex County Hospital in 1931. A new maternity department was opened by Queen Mary as the Queen Mary Maternity Wing in 1932. Following bombing during the World War II, the Queen Mary Maternity Wing was repaired and re-opened by the Duchess of Gloucester in 1960. It became the West Middlesex University Hospital in 1991.
An extensive redevelopment of the site was procured under a Private Finance Initiative contract in 2001. The works, which were carried out by Bouygues at a cost of £55 million, were completed in 2003.
In December 2011, West Middlesex University Hospital was awarded full accreditation by UNICEF as a Baby Friendly hospital, the first London hospital to achieve this award. In September 2012 the trust concluded that it was not viable for it to apply for NHS Foundation Trust status and decided to seek a potential partner. On 1 September 2015, West Middlesex University Hospital became part of Chelsea and Westminster Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="6923523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923523" title="Command line arguments">
Command line arguments



</doc>
<doc id="6923524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923524" title="Suzuki GSX-R600">
Suzuki GSX-R600

The Suzuki GSX-R600 is a 599 cc sports motorcycle in Suzuki's GSX-R series of motorcycles.
History.
Launched with a water-cooled inline-4 engine. The first model had the same body specifications as the 1992 GSX-R750, with the smaller engine and carried over through to the 1993 model year with no changes. It was not imported to UK.
Not produced.
Redesigned with the introduction of Suzuki Ram Air Direct (SRAD) and carried over through to the 2000 model year. 
First year introducing the all-new fuel injection system along with the 2003 model having an integrated choke, but still being fuel injected. 
2003 introducing the limited addition "alstare" racing graphics, 1500 made, mostly in Germany. 
Redesigned which carried over through to the 2005 model year.
Total redesign of the fairings and fuel tank. Inverted forks with radial-mounted brakes. Titanium valves, 32-bit ECU were some of the changes on the engine side.
Suzuki introduced an all-new GSX-R600. Underslung exhaust and slipper clutch introduced.
Engine is completely new, but with the same bore and stroke as before.
New subframe, bodywork, and fuel tank. Introduction of new Suzuki Drive Mode Selector (S-DMS).
9 kg Lighter overall, Showa Big Piston Forks (BPF), Brembo monobloc radial front brake calipers, re-designed lighter frame and swingarm, 15 mm shorter wheelbase. New gauge cluster similar to that used on the GSX-R1000. New cams, lighter pistons, higher compression and pentagonal ventilation holes on the block increases mid-range torque.

</doc>
<doc id="6923530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923530" title="Frank Reade and his Electric Man">
Frank Reade and his Electric Man



</doc>
<doc id="6923532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923532" title="Lumbar veins">
Lumbar veins

The lumbar veins are four pairs of veins running along the inside of the posterior abdominal wall, and drain venous blood from parts of the abdominal wall. Each lumbar vein accompanies a single lumbar artery. The lower two pairs of lumbar veins all drain directly into the inferior vena cava, whereas the fate of the upper two pairs is more variable.
Lumbar veins are the lumbar equivalent of the posterior intercostal veins of the thorax.
Structure.
A lumbar vein accompanies each of the four lumbar arteries on each side of the body.
Distribution and tributaries.
Collectively, the lumbar veins drain blood from the territories supplied by the corresponding lumbar arteries (the posterior, lateral, and anterior abdominal wall).
The lumbar veins drain the anterior spinal veins.
Fate.
The 3rd and 4th lumbar veins drain into the inferior vena cava.
The fate of the two superior lumbar veins is far more variable, and may drain into either the inferior vena cava, ascending lumbar vein, azygos vein, or (on the left side) the left renal vein; the 1st lumbar vein often passes inferiorly to join the 2nd lumbar vein, but may less commonly drain into the ascending lumbar vein, or the azygos vein; the 2nd lumbar vein may drain directly into the inferior vena cava (at or near the level of the renal veins), but may less commonly join the 3rd lumbar vein or drain into the ascending lumbar vein.
Anastomoses.
The 1st and 2nd lumbar veins are often interconnected with each other. An ascending lumbar vein additionally interconnects ipsilateral lumbar veins on each side.
The lumbar veins communicate with the external and internal vertebral venous plexuses, and form anastomoses with tributaries of the azygos vein and hemiazygos vein (posteriorly), and (anteriorly) with branches of the epigastric veins, circumflex iliac veins, and lateral thoracic veins. The anastomoses formed by the lumbar veins provide a means of collateral veinous return.
Relations.
The lumbar veins are venae comitantes of the lumbar arteries. Each lumbar vein lies superior to its adjacent/corresponding lumbar artery (the same arrangement as in the intercostal neurovascular bundles).
All of the lumbar veins lie posterior to the ipsilateral sympathetic trunk.
Bilateral asymmetry
On the left side, the 3rd and 4th lumbar veins pass posterior to the abdominal aorta to reach the inferior vena cava (which is displaced to the right of the midline); thus, the left 3rd and 4th lumbar veins are longer than the corresponding contralateral two lumbar veins.
Variation.
There is variation in which lumbar veins drain to the inferior vena cava and which drain to the ascending lumbar vein, the azygos vein, and the hemiazygos vein. A left lumbar vein may drain into the left renal vein.
Clinical significance.
During central venous catheterisation of the inferior vena cava, the catheter may enter a lumbar vein. The catheter may need to be repositioned.

</doc>
<doc id="6923533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923533" title="San Francisco de Daguas District">
San Francisco de Daguas District

San Francisco de Daguas is a district of the province of Chachapoyas. The district of San Francisco de Daguas finds located in the province of Chachapoyas Departamento of the Amazon his soils they present an eventful topography. The capital Distrital is located to an altitude of 2,500 m.s.n.m.
According to the census carried out in the year 1993 and his projection. The district of San Francisco de Daguas has a population of 321 inhabitants for the year 2005 of, whom 52% are and 48% are women; most of the population is located in the urban area with 81%; and in rural area 19%.
The population of the district finds in most cases 49% between 0 and 24 years, 51% is from 25 to 44 and more, what it demonstrates a demand for services especially for generation of employment.

</doc>
<doc id="6923535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923535" title="Bin cue">
Bin cue



</doc>
<doc id="6923537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923537" title="Icns">
Icns



</doc>
<doc id="6923538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923538" title="San Francisco de Daguas">
San Francisco de Daguas



</doc>
<doc id="6923541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923541" title="Quake2">
Quake2



</doc>
<doc id="6923553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923553" title="New Holland, Georgia">
New Holland, Georgia

New Holland is an unincorporated community in Hall County, Georgia, United States. New Holland was constructed by the Pacolet Manufacturing Company in the 1890s and consisted of several hundred homes for workers in the Pacolet Cotton Mill. A central feature was New Holland Springs, which purportedly had health-giving properties. The village has a population of approximately 600. The New Holland mill is currently owned and operated by Milliken, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="6923555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923555" title="Engine City Technical Institute">
Engine City Technical Institute

Engine City Technical Institute is a for-profit college focused on diesel technology and located in South Plainfield, Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, a short distance off of Interstate 287.
History.
Engine City was founded in Union, New Jersey, in 1969 as a training center to accommodate the need for diesel mechanics in New Jersey and the surrounding areas.
Curriculum.
Engine City uses a nine-week "phase system", where a student will attend the same class, five hours a day,(morning or afternoon) five days a week, for nine weeks before moving onto the next class. Program length is typically about 13 months. The classes are as follows (not all students take the same classes in the same order):
Affiliations.
Engine City currently employs as instructors two former Cummins Techs of the Year, and as such have an extremely strong relationship with Cummins. Engine City also has a strong relationship with Binder as a result of Binder's head trainer being a graduate of the school. Only one individual teaches training programs at Foley CAT, a major Caterpillar dealership. Unfortunately, Engine City has not been able to secure any relationship with Volvo Trucks or Mack Trucks beyond Mack sending several second-hand transmissions and rears to the Drive-Train shop.
The future.
There are two major potential directions that Engine City's administration is considering taking. The first direction would be to convert their current facility in South Plainfield into an automotive motorcycle training facility, while purchasing a larger building to house the heavy-duty facility, as space is quite scarce in the current facility's bays.
The second direction would be to become a CAT affiliate and a major training center for Caterpillar technicians, which would render most of the current curriculum to be moot as it deals with non-Caterpillar technology, but at the same time provide CAT with a golden source of trained and refined techs.
As of January 2009, Engine City Technical Institute - Diesel Mechanics School and Training Center has been acquired by Lincoln Education Corporation. This corporation operates over 100 schools throughout the U.S. This acquisition will serve as Lincoln Groups diesel mechanics school for the tri state area. This acquisition will also allow Engine City Technical Institute to purchase more equipment to service its growing student population.

</doc>
<doc id="6923557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923557" title="National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.">
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.

National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corporation, 452 F. Supp. 2d 946 (N.D. Cal. 2006), was a class action lawsuit in the United States that was filed on February 7, 2006, in the Superior Court of California for the County of Alameda, and subsequently moved to federal court (the district court for the northern district of California). The case challenged whether the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, specifically Title III's provisions prohibiting discrimination by "places of public accommodation" (42 U.S.C. 12181 et seq), apply to websites and/or the Internet, or are restricted to physical places.
The plaintiff, National Federation of the Blind (NFB), sued Target Corporation, a national retail chain, claiming that blind people were unable to access much of the information on the defendant's website, nor purchase anything from its website independently. In August 2008, the NFB and Target reached a class action settlement.
Title III of the ADA and Public Accommodations.
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) was signed into law in 1990 with the intent of eliminating discrimination on the basis of disability. Some of the protections listed in the ADA for people with disabilities include the rights to equal places of public accommodations as non-disabled people. Each title of the ADA provides different protections to people with disabilities; Title III of the ADA is specifically designed to forbid "discrimination against persons on the basis of disability in the full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations of any place of public accommodation by any person who owns, leases (or leases to), or operates a place of public accommodation." The ADA defines "places of public accommodations" as a place that is operated by a private entity which is categorized into twelve groups. Some of these categories cover public entities such as restaurants, parks, hospitals, museums, offices, theaters, hotels, and stores.
With the Americans with Disabilities Act being enacted before the Internet existed, the term "public accommodation" has been historically interpreted as a physical place. The ADA does not clearly address accessibility to the Internet for people with disabilities, along with not defining "public accommodations" as either a physical facility or place. Both the statue and the implementing regulations of Title III by the Department of Justice do not mention the Internet. From Congress' broad definition of "public accommodations" and with the Internet being a new concept, issues on accessibility to the Internet have become controversial. Lack of clarity from Congress, as well as a lack of case law analyzing Internet accessibility, has caused this issue to remain unresolved. "National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp." has become one of the most recent court cases that has addressed and analyzed this issue to give more clarity.
Pre-trial negotiations and filing.
A series of unsuccessful negotiations were commenced between the NFB and Target Corporation in May 2005, which continued until January 2006. In May 2005, the NFB wrote to Target, asking for it to make its website accessible to people who are blind. The NFB requested that Target optimize its website accessibility for the blind by adopting standards promulgated by the World Wide Web Consortium, including the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines or the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board's Section 508 Amendment to the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 standards, specifically encouraging Target to adopt the alt attribute for clickable images featured on the website. In its petition, NFB alleged that in one instance, when a blind user visiting this website selected an image of a Dyson vacuum cleaner using his or her tab key, the voice synthesizer on the computer would say "Link GP browse dot HTML reference zero six zero six one eight nine six three eight one eight zero seven two nine seven three five 12 million 957 thousand 121" instead of a useful description of the image. The NFB also claimed that the site lacked image maps and other accommodations, which prevented legally blind individuals from navigating through the website, and that the design of the online checkout pages prevented users with visual disabilities from being able to determine where the mouse pointer was on the screen.
On February 7, 2006, the NFB filed a civil lawsuit against Target Corporation in the Superior Court of California for the County of Alameda, alleging that the defendant's website operated in violation of the California Unruh Civil Rights Act, the California Disabled Persons Act (Civil Code Sections 54 – 55.32), and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Along with the NFB, the National Federation of the Blind of California (NFB-CA) and Bruce Sexton, a blind individual who represented himself and his own experiences in the case as well as "all others similarly situated," filed the lawsuit as plaintiffs.
Motions.
Following a successful motion for removal of the case to federal court on March 6, 2006, a subsequent motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim was filed by Target Corporation in defense of the allegations. In its motion to dismiss, Target Corporation argued that the applicable civil rights laws mandated that only retail stores must provide accessibility accommodations to disabled persons, and thus that dismissal should be granted for failure to state a valid claim against its online activities. Target argued that the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 was intended to apply exclusively to physical accommodations instead of cyberspace, and that such application of the California acts on accessibility would violate the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution.
Holding.
On September 7, 2006, the court ordered that a retailer may be sued if its website is inaccessible to the blind. In the court's opinion, Judge Marilyn Hall Patel explained that the order of the court was based upon "42 U.S. Code § 12182", the prohibition of discrimination by public accommodations clause of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, which prohibits discrimination in the "enjoyment of goods, services, facilities or privileges."
On October 2, 2007, the U.S. Federal District Court for the Northern District of California certified a nationwide class action pursuit against Target Corporation consisting of all legally blind individuals in the United States who had attempted to access Target.com and as a result were denied access to the enjoyment of goods and services offered in the defendant's stores. The order further certified a California subclass, which included all legally blind individuals in California who attempted to access Target.com on behalf of blind Internet customers. The court previously denied Target's motion to dismiss and upheld NFB's argument that websites like Target.com must be accessible to the blind under both California law and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Settlement and award.
In August 2008, the parties reached a civil action settlement. As stipulated in the settlement agreement, "there is no admission or concession by Target, direct or indirect, express or implied, that Target.com is any way inaccessible or that Target has violated the Unruh Civil Rights Act, California Civil Code §§ 51 "et seq"., the Disabled Persons Act, California Civil Code §§ 54 "et seq.," the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 12181 "et seq.", or any other federal, state, or local law, regulation, order, or rule." The three-year term agreement stated that Target would pay $6 million to the California settlement class for damages. This payment is not inclusive of attorney's fees, which Target also agreed to pay. Additionally, the agreement stipulated conditions in which Target would work with the NFB to ensure equal accessibility standards of Target.com. This would require NFB certification, NFB monitoring, NFB training, and guest feedback. Any future disputes involving the agreement were required to be resolved through the order of meeting and conferral, then mediation, and finally submission to U.S. magistrate judge, if a resolution could not be reached. 
On August 3, 2009, Judge Patel awarded $3.7 million in attorney's fees and costs to the plaintiffs. The court substantiated the award by declaring that the "plaintiffs have broken new ground in an important area of law" and noting that the "litigation [extended] important areas of disability law into an emerging form of electronic commerce that promises to grow in importance."
Aftermath.
The intent of the court order was to certify that certain online retailers may be required to provide access to disabled people. Target issued a response by claiming "We believe our Web site complies with all applicable laws and are committed to vigorously defending this case. We will continue to implement technology that increases the usability of our Web site for all our guests, including those with disabilities."
On February 9, 2010, the NFB awarded the Gold Level NFB-NVA Certification to Target.com. The NFB and Target have established a continued partnership to help ensure equal access is given to Target.com products and information to blind consumers and the NFB commended Target as a leader in web accessibility.
On June 2, 2016, Target and the NFB entered into an agreement designating Target as a Strategic Nonvisual Access Partner of the NFB.

</doc>
<doc id="6923573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923573" title="Columbia County High School">
Columbia County High School

The original Columbia County High School is a historic building in Lake City, Florida, United States, located at 372 West Duval Street. It is now the location of Columbia County School District administrative offices. It was built in 1921 and was the only high school in Columbia County. When enrollment exceeded capacity, it was replaced in 1957 by a larger facility on Pennsylvania Avenue, which was named Columbia High School. The original high school was used as the school board administrative offices for a time, then converted into Lake City Junior High School in the mid-1970s. It was the site of serial killer Ted Bundy's abduction of 12 year old Kimberly Leach on February 9, 1978. There had been reports of a white van circling the building. Bundy abducted Leach as she left the side door of the main building, facing towards Southwest Ritch Terrace, as she headed to the rear of the site to visit the school's auditorium at between 9:20 a.m. to 9:25 a.m. Bundy was then seen leading Leach across Duval Street where his white van was parked in the westbound lane.
The Columbia County Schools administrative offices returned to the building after Lake City Middle School was constructed and opened in 1990. On November 15, 1993, the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6923579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923579" title="Icns Browser">
Icns Browser



</doc>
<doc id="6923581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923581" title="Vic Stasiuk">
Vic Stasiuk

Victor John Stasiuk (May 23, 1929 – May 7, 2023) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger and coach. He played in the National Hockey League from 1949 to 1963 and then served as a coach from 1969 to 1973.
Biography.
Stasiuk played junior hockey in his native Lethbridge, Alberta before signing with the Chicago Black Hawks. He played sparingly in Chicago and was traded to the Detroit Red Wings in 1951. He spent time in the minors with the Indianapolis Capitals and the Edmonton Flyers. He was part of three Stanley Cup teams in 1952, 1954, and 1955. In 1954, however, although Stasiuk played 42 regular season games for Detroit because he spent the playoffs in the minors, his name was left off the Stanley Cup after the Wings captured the league crown.
In 1955, Stasiuk was traded to the Boston Bruins and found chemistry with Johnny Bucyk and Bronco Horvath, a grouping dubbed "The Uke line" because of the Ukrainian ancestry of the three players. In 1957-58, this line became the first in NHL history to have all three participants reach the 20-goal mark. In 1960, Stasiuk scored a career-high 68 points, and he was selected to play in the NHL All-Star Game. In 1961, he was traded back to Detroit, playing with this club until 1963, before finishing his career in the minors. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Red Wings, and Boston Bruins, He recorded 183 goals and 254 assists in 745 NHL games.
After retiring, Stasiuk moved to coaching. He took over the Pittsburgh Hornets of the American Hockey League for two seasons and later led the same league's Quebec Aces to back-to-back losses in the Calder Cup finals. Immediately after coaching the EHL Jersey Devils from 1966-68, Stasiuk earned a job with the Philadelphia Flyers. His team finished out of the playoffs by a single point in 1969-70 and then was eliminated in the first round of the postseason the next year. Stasiuk was fired after the 1970-71 season; the Flyers offered him a scouting position, but he took a head coaching job three games into the NHL season with the California Golden Seals. Stasiuk was fired after the season due to a stylistic conflict with management, and he then spent one year behind the bench of the Vancouver Canucks before settling into a career in junior hockey coaching, both in Taber and Medicine Hat 
Stasiuk died at a Lethbridge nursing home on May 7, 2023, at the age of 93.
In 2023 he would be named one of the top 100 Bruins players of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="6923583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923583" title="ECTI">
ECTI



</doc>
<doc id="6923584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923584" title="Soname">
Soname

In Unix and Unix-like operating systems, a soname is a field of data in a shared object file. The soname is a string, which is used as a "logical name" (i.e., identifier) describing the functionality of the object. Typically, that name is equal to the filename of the library, or to a prefix thereof, e.g. codice_1.
Name.
The soname is often used to provide version backwards-compatibility information. For instance, if versions 1.0 through 1.9 of the shared library "libx" provide identical interfaces, they would all have the same soname, e.g. "libx.so.1". If the system only includes version 1.3 of that shared object, with filename "libx.so.1.3", the soname field of the shared object tells the system that it can be used to fill the dependency for a binary which was originally compiled using version 1.2.
If the application binary interface of a library changes in a backward-incompatible way, the soname would be "bumped" or incremented, e.g. from "libx.so.1" to "libx.so.2".
The GNU linker uses the codice_2 or codice_3 command-line options to specify the library name field. Internally, the linker will create a DT_SONAME field and populate it with name.
Given any shared object file, one can use the following command to get the information from within the library file using objdump:
$ objdump -p libx.so.1.3 | grep SONAME
 SONAME libx.so.1

</doc>
<doc id="6923590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923590" title="San Isidro de Maino District">
San Isidro de Maino District

San Isidro de Maino is a district of the province of Chachapoyas in Peru. Its capital is the town of San Isidro de Mayno.
The district covers an area of 101.67 km² with an altitude ranging between 1,200 and 2,500 m above sea level in the district capital, and up to 2,800 m in the high part named "The Pajonal". The climate is dry and moderately cold.
In the north and west the district of San Isidro de Maino shares a border with the Levanto District, in the East with the Soloco District and the Cochamal District, and in the south with the Magdalena District.

</doc>
<doc id="6923592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923592" title="San Isidro de Maino">
San Isidro de Maino



</doc>
<doc id="6923595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923595" title="Arheological">
Arheological



</doc>
<doc id="6923598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923598" title="Saint John's Church">
Saint John's Church



</doc>
<doc id="6923609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923609" title="Tsherim Soobzokov">
Tsherim Soobzokov



</doc>
<doc id="6923613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923613" title="List of World War One flying aces">
List of World War One flying aces



</doc>
<doc id="6923629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923629" title="Aranya Pratet">
Aranya Pratet



</doc>
<doc id="6923632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923632" title="May-Stringer House">
May-Stringer House

The May-Stringer House, home of the Hernando Heritage Museum, is a historic residential building in Brooksville, Florida, United States. It is located at 601 Museum Court. On March 8, 1997, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Overlooking the City of Brooksville, the house is a four-story, seven-gable, gingerbread-trim, fourteen-room "painted-lady"–style Victorian-era home. The Hernando Historical Museum Association has created exhibit rooms with a Victorian look, and there are rooms devoted to specific themes such as an elegant dining room, bedrooms, military room, an 1880s doctor's office, and a 1900s communication room. The museum contains over 10,000 artifacts that can be viewed.
History.
In 1842, The Armed Occupation Act ratified by the U.S. Congress, stated: “any settler who came to Florida, lived on the land for five years, cultivated five acres, and built a dwelling would be granted 160 acres”. Richard Wiggins homesteaded the land where the May Stringer house is located.
In 1855, John L. May purchased the property and built a four-room home for his family. John lived the house with his wife, Marena, and their daughters, Matilda and Annie. Unfortunately, John died of tuberculosis three years later.
Marena remained in the home throughout the Civil War and eventually married Confederate hero . She died giving birth to the couple's child, a girl named Jessie Mae, in 1869. Jessie survived her birth but died of unknown causes three years later. Marena and Jessie were buried on the property, as were John May and the infant son of Frank and Marena, a detail which fuels many rumors about the May-Stringer haunting. It is known as one of the most haunted houses in Florida.
Frank Saxon sold the home, and the property eventually made its way to Dr. Sheldon Stringer. The doctor added ten rooms to the house giving it the Victorian appearance it has today. The estate also served the doctor's  medical practice for many years.
After the death of the Stringers, the house passed from one owner to another until Dr. Earl Hensley and his wife Helen sold it to The Hernando Historical Museum Association in 1980.
The May-Stringer Heritage Museum is one of three museums operated by the Hernando Historical Museum Association.  In addition to the May-Stringer House, the 1885 Brooksville Train Depot Museum and One Room Schoolhouse Museum are run by the Association.

</doc>
<doc id="6923640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923640" title="Ascending lumbar vein">
Ascending lumbar vein

The ascending lumbar vein is a vein that runs up through the lumbar region on the side of the vertebral column.
Structure.
The ascending lumbar vein is a paired structure (i.e. one each for the right and left sides of the body). It starts at the common iliac veins. It runs superiorly, intersecting with the lumbar veins as it crosses them. It passes behind the psoas major muscle, but in front of the lumbar vertebrae.
When the ascending lumbar vein crosses the subcostal vein, it becomes one of the following:
The first and second lumbar veins ends in the ascending lumbar vein (the third and fourth lumbar veins open into the posterior aspect of the inferior vena cava)
Clinical significance.
Contrast medium may be injected into the ascending lumbar vein via the femoral vein in order to visualise the spinal canal.
The ascending lumbar vein may be punctured during catheterisation. This can cause bleeding into the dural space.
See also.
Lumbar veins

</doc>
<doc id="6923642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923642" title="Transformation theory (music)">
Transformation theory (music)



</doc>
<doc id="6923644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923644" title="Oshikawa Shunro">
Oshikawa Shunro



</doc>
<doc id="6923645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923645" title="Jyoji Nakata">
Jyoji Nakata



</doc>
<doc id="6923647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923647" title="Mo Rivera">
Mo Rivera



</doc>
<doc id="6923649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923649" title="Soloco District">
Soloco District

Soloco is one of twenty-one districts of Chachapoyas Province, in Peru.
Geography.
Soloco is located in the high mountains. 
In the north the District of Soloco has border with the District of San an Francisco de Daguas (Chachapoyas) and the District of Molinopampa (Chachapoyas), in the East with the District of Cheto (Chachapoyas), in the south with the District of Cochamal (Chachapoyas) and the District of San Isidro of Maino (Chachapoyas), in the west with the District of Chachapoyas and the District of Levanto (Chachapoyas).
Attractions.
Soloco offers several attractive places, such as the beautiful Ruins of Soloco, a fortress of extraordinary size.
The management holiday of the capital Soloco is celebrated on September 28. Another very big holiday for the people is the holiday of Our Lord of the Miracles, on October 18.
Typical meals are the Sancochado the Purtumute, Locro de Chochoca and cuy with potatoes. Soloco belongs to the Parish of Chachapoyas that is attended by two Priests of the Diocese of Chachapoyas.

</doc>
<doc id="6923650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923650" title="Aboral">
Aboral



</doc>
<doc id="6923652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923652" title="Cimmerian Orogeny">
Cimmerian Orogeny

The Cimmerian Orogeny was an orogeny that created mountain ranges that now lie in Central Asia. The orogeny is believed to have begun during the Late Triassic about 240–200 million years ago, when parts of the Cimmerian continent collided with the southern coast of Kazakhstania and North and South China, closing the ancient Paleo-Tethys Ocean between them. Blocks that derive from that continent now form part of Turkey, Iran, Tibet and western Southeast Asia. Much of the plate's northern boundary formed mountain ranges that were as high as the present-day Himalayas.

</doc>
<doc id="6923656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923656" title="Soloco">
Soloco



</doc>
<doc id="6923657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923657" title="Interspecies erotica">
Interspecies erotica



</doc>
<doc id="6923660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923660" title="Horace Duncan House">
Horace Duncan House

The Horace Duncan House (also known as the Herlong House) is a historic site in Lake City, Florida, United States. It is located at 202 West Duval Street. On November 15, 1993, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6923662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923662" title="Vernolic acid">
Vernolic acid

Vernolic acid (leukotoxin B or isoleukotoxin) is a long chain fatty acid that is monounsaturated and contains an epoxide. It is a "cis" epoxide derived from the C12–C13 alkene of linoleic acid. Vernolic acid was first definitively characterized in 1954 and its absolute configuration determined in 1966. It is a major component in vernonia oil, which is produced in abundance by the genera "Vernonia" and "Euphorbia" and is a potentially useful biofeedstock.
Occurrence.
Vernonia oil is extracted from the seeds of the "Vernonia galamensis" (ironweed), a plant native to eastern Africa. The seeds contain about 40 to 42% oil of which 73 to 80% is vernolic acid. The best varieties of "V. anthelmintica" contain about 30% less vernolic acid.
Vernolic acid is not commonly found in plants in significant quantities, but some plants which do contain it are "Vernonia", "Stokesia", "Crepis" (from the daisy family), and "Euphorbia lagascae" and "Bernardia pulchella" from the Euphorbiaceae.
Potential applications.
Vernonia oil has been proposed as a precursor to adhesives, varnishes and paints, and industrial coatings. Its low viscosity recommends its use as a nonvolatile solvent in oil-based paints since it will become incorporated in the dry paint rather than evaporating into the air."
In its application as an epoxy oil, vernonia oil competes with soybean or linseed oil, which supply most of the market for these applications. Its low viscosity makes it more desirable than fully epoxidized linseed or soybean oils. It is comparable to partially epoxidized linseed or soybean oil.
Toxicity.
In a variety of mammalian species, vernolic acid is made by the metabolism of linoleic acid by cytochrome P450 epoxygenase enzymes; under these circumstances it is termed leukotoxin because of its toxic effects on leukocytes and other cell types and of its ability to produce multiple organ failure and respiratory distress when injected into rodent animal models of the acute respiratory distress syndrome. These effects appear due to the conversion of vernolic acid to its dihydroxy counterparts. For instance, (12"S",13"R")-EpOME is converted by soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) to (12"R",13"R")-dihydroxy-9"Z"-octadecenoic acid due to inversion at C12 carbon atom during hydrolysis. A mixture of this dihydroxy acid with its 12"S",13"S" enantiomer has been termed isoleukotoxin diol. Some studies suggest but have not yet proven that vernolic acid is responsible for or contributes to multiple organ failure, respiratory distress, and certain other cataclysmic diseases in humans (see ).

</doc>
<doc id="6923664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923664" title="On Vacation (The Robot Ate Me album)">
On Vacation (The Robot Ate Me album)

On Vacation was The Robot Ate Me's third album, released in 2004 by the band's frontman, Ryland Bouchard's label Swim Slowly Records, then reissued in 2005 by 5 Rue Christine. It contains the song "Oh No! Oh My!", from which the band Oh No! Oh My! got their name.

</doc>
<doc id="6923667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923667" title="Mirage in PAF">
Mirage in PAF



</doc>
<doc id="6923668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923668" title="New Holland, GA">
New Holland, GA



</doc>
<doc id="6923669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923669" title="Hammick reaction">
Hammick reaction

The Hammick reaction, named after Dalziel Hammick, is a chemical reaction in which the thermal decarboxylation of α-picolinic (or related) acids in the presence of carbonyl compounds forms 2-pyridyl-carbinols.
Using "p"-cymene as solvent has been shown to increase yields.
Reaction mechanism.
Upon heating α-picolinic acid will spontaneously decarboxylate forming the so-called 'Hammick Intermediate' (3). This was initially thought to be an aromatic ylide, but is now believed to be a carbene In the presence of a strong electrophile, such as an aldehyde or ketone, this species will undergo nucleophilic attack faster than proton transfer. After nucleophilic attack intramolecular proton transfer yields the desired carbinol (6).
The scope of the reaction is effectively limited to decarboxylating acids where the carboxyl group is α to the nitrogen, (reactivity has been reported when the acids are located elsewhere on the molecule but with low yields) thus suitable substrates are limited to the derivatives of α-picolinic acid including the α-carboxylic acids of quinoline and isoquinoline.

</doc>
<doc id="6923675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923675" title="Hotel Blanche">
Hotel Blanche

 The Hotel Blanche (also known as the Blanche Hotel or The Blanche or Hancock Building) is a historic site in Lake City, Florida, United States. It is located at 212 North Marion Street. On January 18, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Hotel Blanche was constructed in 1902 by Frank Pierce Milburn. A south wing was added in 1925 and a north wing was added in 1926. In the lobby of the building is the oldest elevator in Florida. It is still functional but is currently blocked off. Because the hotel was situated near the intersection of US 41/441, US 90, the Southern Railway, Interstate 10 and Interstate 75 it would bring in wealthy guests traveling through Florida. Many notable guests have stayed at the hotel including Al Capone on his way from Chicago to Miami and Johnny Cash. The hotel closed in 1967 leaving it to house several offices and shops.
Starting in January 2018, Lake City began to renovate the Hotel Blanche. The project is expected to take 12–15 months, and all fixtures that are not historic are going to be demolished. Parts of the concrete elevator shaft have been removed from the hotel in the renovations. Originally, a portion of Marion Avenue was closed due to the construction, but it has since been reopened due to complaints from citizens as well as local businesses that were adversely effected by the closure.

</doc>
<doc id="6923679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923679" title="Sonche District">
Sonche District

Sonche District is one of twenty-one districts of the province Chachapoyas in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6923680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923680" title="Sonche">
Sonche



</doc>
<doc id="6923681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923681" title="Jonathan butler">
Jonathan butler



</doc>
<doc id="6923683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923683" title="T. G. Henderson House">
T. G. Henderson House

The T. G. Henderson House (also known as the Henderson-Marcello House) is a historic house located at 207 South Marion Street in Lake City, Florida. It is locally significant as an excellent example of the later, more developed phase of the Eastlake style, the house has an abundance of exterior ornamentation and an attention to surface detail characteristic of the period just prior to the transition into Shingle Style.
Description and history.
The exterior fabric of the house is clapboard with corner boards on the principal corners. In addition, shingling was used beneath the balconies and in the gables, being laid in an imbricated pattern and in alternate rows laid with staggered butts. The turret, which grows out of the southernmost gable, is open on its four northern planes. The original plans called for cresting along the ridge of the westernmost roof section, but this has subsequently been removed. There are two chimneys located at the back of the hipped roof which serve all interior fireplaces. They are both brick and have corbelled courses forming a Gothic Revival cap. The roofs are hipped and gabled and there is currently a galvanized tin covering over it.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="6923684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923684" title="Mr. One &amp; Mr. Two">
Mr. One &amp; Mr. Two



</doc>
<doc id="6923686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923686" title="US Presidential Election, 2008">
US Presidential Election, 2008



</doc>
<doc id="6923688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923688" title="Mister One">
Mister One



</doc>
<doc id="6923692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923692" title="Himalayan orogeny">
Himalayan orogeny



</doc>
<doc id="6923700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923700" title="Chinsegut Hill Manor House">
Chinsegut Hill Manor House

The Chinsegut Hill Manor House (also known as Mount Airy, Snow Hill, or simply The Hill) is an historic site about five miles northeast of Brooksville, Florida, on Chinsegut Hill. Chinsegut Hill, at an elevation of , is one of the highest points in peninsular Florida. It is in Hernando County north of the city of Brooksville.
The manor's address is 22495 Chinsegut Hill Road. Begun in the early 1850s, the structure has remained relatively unchanged since.
Established as a plantation house, the manor changed hands and as a retreat was visited by many prominent people. It was eventually leased to the University of Florida and the University of South Florida, which added cabins, a dining hall, and other structures making the property more suitable for use as a conference setting. It is now managed as a historical site and museum with the cabins rentable for weddings or other events.
History.
With the conclusion of the Second Seminole War (1835–1842) and the passing of the Armed Occupation Act on August 4, 1842, the character of Florida was transformed. In the interior of the Florida peninsula, devoid of white settlement just 10 years before, plantations were rapidly established. By the eve of statehood, planters maintained that nearly half the population and wealth of the territory was now located in central Florida.
Drawn to central Florida by the opportunity offered by the Armed Occupation Act, Colonel Byrd Pearson from South Carolina laid claim to 160 acres in what is now Hernando County. He named his plantation Mount Airy and began cultivating sugarcane with the use of slave labor. Pearson constructed a cabin on the site that is now the East Wing of the Manor. Pearson's cabin was completed just two years after Florida became a state.
In 1851, Pearson sold the property to another South Carolinian emigrant to Florida named Francis Higgins Ederington. When Ederington purchased the property, he named it Mt. Airy. Between 1852 and 1854, Ederington constructed the manor house.
In 1866, Colonel Russel Snow (also a South Carolinian) married Francis Ederington's daughter Charlotte and gained control of the plantation, renaming it Snow Hill. The Snows remodeled the third-floor attic into three bedrooms and a seating area.
Ederington/Snow Era.
In 1851, Anderson Mayo and Francis Ederington of South Carolina visited Hernando County and were very much impressed with what they found. Ederington and Mayo were wealthy plantation owners from the Piedmont section in South Carolina. Francis Ederington purchased from Colonel Byrd Pearson the property now referred to as Chinsegut Hill. Ederington then returned home to Fairfield County, South Carolina. In 1852, Francis Ederington and his family moved from South Carolina to Florida, bringing with them their livestock, farming equipment and household goods together with 30 enslaved people. They settled on the hill and named it Mount Airy. Colonel Pearson had built a small home there, but Francis Ederington replaced it with the present manor house. The main initial production at Mount Airy was sugar cane, cotton, and corn. They expanded into citrus and livestock and also harvesting timber. When the Great Freeze of Florida came in 1895, even though groves were frozen out, several trees on top of Mount Airy/ Snow Hill survived and were used to provide bud stock for nurseries and groves that were later acquired and helped to restart Florida's citrus production. It is believed to be the oldest house remaining in Hernando County.
Francis Ederington raised a large family of eight daughters and three sons. One of the sons, Mallory, went away to college and died there. Joseph died as an infant. The other son, Frank Jr., continued to live in Hernando County and died when he was ninety-four years old. He did not have any children. All the girls married, with the exception of Caroline who died at age 20. Many of the descendants of the Ederington women reside in and around Hernando County today.
Francis Ederington was a member of the old Guards Mounted Rangers during the Civil War.
Dorothy Ederington, daughter of Francis Ederington, married John J. Hale, the son of Joseph Hale and one of early pioneers of Hernando County. John and Dorthy Ederington Hale were the grandparents of Alfred A. McKethan.
Charlotte Ederington, daughter of Francis Ederington, married Dr. James R. Snow from Georgetown, South Carolina. Dr. J.R. Snow first came to Hernando County in 1861 leaving the same year with C Company of the 3rd Florida Infantry for the Civil War. Charlotte and J.R. bought the interests of her sisters in Mount Airy and renamed the property Snow Hill. Dr. J.R. Snow practiced dentistry in the Manor House. The Snows added the porches to the first and second floor and a screened in porch on the east side of the manor.
Many of Charlotte and J.R.'s descendants live in Hernando County today. Ernest Winfield Snow, grandson of Dr. J.R. Snow, raised 18 children born to two wives; Hedick (who died in childbirth with her 9th child) and Cora McKeown—all born in the Manor House on Snow Hill. Ernest Snow's family was the last Snow family to inhabit the manor house—leaving the home for a larger estate following a hurricane. Many of Ernest Snow's children went on to become prominent business and civic leaders in Hernando County including Eugene Snow, operated one of Brooksville's oldest companies: Snow's Lumber Yard; Juanita Snow Rogers, former owner and operator of Brooksville's Quality Shop; Jim Snow, a noted Hernando historian and occupier of "Mayo Hill"; Arthur L. "Roy" Snow, served with distinction in World War II as a captain in the 30th Infantry and received commendations which included the Silver Star and Bronze Star for valor and Purple Heart received for wounds received in action in both World War II and Korean War. Later Roy Snow was named by the governor to the Hernando County Board of County Commissioners and served many years as a commissioner. Roy Snow's started Snow &amp; Bell, Inc. in Brooksville which is still run by his family today.
Five generations of Ederingtons and Snows were born on Mounty Airy/ Snow Hill; six generations lived there, starting with Ederington.
The Robins' Era.
Possibly the most historically significant period for the Chinsegut Hill manor house occurred during the stewardship of Elizabeth, Raymond and Margaret Robins. Elizabeth purchased the home for herself and her youngest brother Raymond. But following the purchase and before they had moved in, Raymond met and married Margaret Dreier. Upon their acquisition of the property in 1904, Raymond and Elizabeth renamed the property Chinsegut Hill and set out to improve the grounds. Over the years, Raymond and Margaret added a kitchen to the east wing of the house, a widow's walk and ventilator, the west chimney, an expanded study, and a music room. The Robins later added four bathrooms (1911), acquired additional land (1917), added the porte-cochere (1925), and added a fifth bathroom, electricity, and a well (1933).
In addition to their tremendous expansion of the property itself, the Robinses were involved in politics. Raymond served as an advisor for all seven US Presidents from Teddy Roosevelt to Franklin Delano Roosevelt. During the Russian Revolution, Raymond was appointed by President Wilson as the Commissioner of the American Red Cross Mission to Russia where he met with numerous Russian dignitaries including Alexander Kerensky, Leon Trotsky, and Vladimir Lenin. Raymond was the only American at this time to meet with Lenin and did so four times a week for five months Margaret Robins, 18 year President of the National Women's Trade Union League, dined with President Calvin Coolidge in 1923 while her husband was being considered for a cabinet post. In 1928, Raymond was present at the signing of the Pact of Paris and was called upon to help plan the presidential campaign of Herbert Hoover.
The Wall Street crash of 1929 left the Robins in financial difficulty because they chose to give almost $250,000 of their money to keep the First National Bank in Brooksville from folding. Using his connections with Herbert Hoover and his administration, Raymond brokered a deal to donate the Chinsegut Hill estate to the government with the stipulation that the couple be allowed to live there until their deaths, free of property taxes.
After years of illness, Margaret Robins died in 1945. Remaining active in political affairs for several years after his wife's death, Raymond Robins died in 1954. In the same year the University of Florida signed a four-year lease for the property, intending to use the site as a branch library utilizing Robins' 8,000 volumes.
Famous Guests of Chinsegut Hill.
During their occupation of the Chinsegut Hill property, the Robinses entertained countless prominent guests including Soviet ambassadors, Jane Addams, William Jennings Bryan, Thomas Edison, James Cash Penney, Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Senator Claude Pepper, Margaret Bondfield, Frances Kellor and U.S. Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes.
USF lease and use as conference center.
In 1958, the lease signed by the University of Florida expired and the university removed the books housed in the manor house, essentially abandoning the property. During the same year the University of South Florida obtained the manor house and surrounding property, signing a four-year lease as the University of Florida had previously.
Under the governance of the University of South Florida, the Chinsegut Hill manor house has undergone several modifications and "modernizations" -in line with the university's intention to utilize the site as a conference center. The university signed a 20-year lease in 1962 and has since expended vast amounts of time and money to preserve and restore the property. Alterations to the manor house include the removal of the widow's walk and ventilator due rainwater leakage (1963), construction of several cabins (1972 &amp; 1990s), a dining room (1982), a classroom (1986), a maintenance shop (1986), and a storage shed (1990).
During the 1960s, the house had many guests, from visiting researchers to USF faculty and friends. Sadly, many of the small items in the house were removed by visitors. The Chinsegut Hill manor house and the surrounding property has been plagued by the strain of age and deterioration. Many small outbuildings and a water tower have been demolished. The University of South Florida has done much to maintain the status quo of the property, but has done little to realize any meaningful efforts to restore the manor house to its previous glory. Much of the university's inaction stems from the history of slavery at the Chinsegut Hill property.
In 1982, the U.S. Department of Agriculture transferred the title of the Chinsegut Hill property to the University of South Florida once the previous lease had expired and the university had fulfilled its obligations regarding the lease.
On November 21, 2003, Chinsegut Hill was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places through a concerted effort by members of the faculty at the University of South Florida. The university returned the property to the State of Florida in 2008 at which time the non-profit group, The Friends of Chinsegut Hill, Inc. was formed to save the property and the dilapidated Manor. The Friends oversaw a $1.5 million renovation and operated the house as a Museum from 2015 until 2019.
In January 2020, the Tampa Bay History Center entered into a partnership with Hernando County to provide curatorial and interpretive services for Chinsegut Hill.
Lenin plaque controversy.
In 1959, Chinsegut Hill was embroiled in the Red Scare. A plaque was commissioned by Lisa von Borowsky, family friend of the Robins and caretaker of the property, and placed on the ground near the Lenin Oak. The plaque honored the wishes of Raymond Robins to commemorate the Russian Revolution's leader, Vladimir Lenin. In 1961, a group of Boy Scouts discovered the plaque and reported the find to the "Tampa Tribune". During the ensuing media firestorm, the University of South Florida claimed to know nothing of the plaque in an attempt to disassociate the university with pro-communist innuendo. Increased outcry from the media and the general public led to an inquiry in front of a grand jury on May 4, 1961. Forty-three years and three days after Margaret Robins planted the oak tree on the property, Borowsky was forced to testify on her activities as well as those of the Robins.

</doc>
<doc id="6923706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923706" title="Bengali Music">
Bengali Music



</doc>
<doc id="6923713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923713" title="Stupid spoiled whore">
Stupid spoiled whore



</doc>
<doc id="6923715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923715" title="Frank Saxon House">
Frank Saxon House

The Frank Saxon House is a historic residence in Brooksville, Florida. The home was built by Frank Saxon in 1864 for his bride Tallulah Hope, daughter of William Hope, one of the earliest settlers in the county. Mr. Saxon was a Civil War soldier who was a member of the Hernando Wild Cats, a unit of the 3rd Regiment of the Confederate Army. After the war, Frank Saxon served as a member of the Florida Legislature representing Hernando County. The home sits on the top of a hill at 200 South Saxon Avenue. On November 5, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Frank Saxon House is one of the earliest examples of Frame Vernacular architecture with Queen Anne Revival influence in Hernando County. The exterior of the home has been renovated by the owners, but the interior is still in need of repair.

</doc>
<doc id="6923723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923723" title="Snickers song">
Snickers song



</doc>
<doc id="6923724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923724" title="Judge Willis Russell House">
Judge Willis Russell House

The Judge Willis Russell House (also known as the Verona House) is a U.S. historic building in Brooksville, Florida. It is located at 201 South Main Street. On January 27, 1999, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6923733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923733" title="Curule Aedile">
Curule Aedile



</doc>
<doc id="6923735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923735" title="Hans Hut">
Hans Hut

Hans Hut (; ; c. 14906 December 1527) was a very active Anabaptist in southern Germany and Austria.
Life.
Hut was born in Haina near Römhild, in the Electorate of Saxony (now Thuringia), and became a travelling bookseller. Hut was for some years sacristan in Bibra to the knight Hans von Bibra (the brother of Bishop Lorenz von Bibra). He early came under the influence of Thomas Müntzer and, refusing to have his child baptized, was driven from the community in 1524. He took part in the decisive battle of Thuringia during the German Peasants' War on 15 May 1525 at Bad Frankenhausen. About a week later at Bibra, Hut preached "subjects should murder all the authorities, for the opportune time has arrived." In his later years Hut distanced himself from Müntzer, saying that he (himself) "had clearly erred" and that he "had not understood him (Müntzer)." After the battle he managed to flee and traveled throughout the region.
On Pentecost 1526 he was baptized in Augsburg by Hans Denck, who had previously been baptized by Balthasar Hubmaier. Some feel that Hut and Denck taught universal salvation, but others question whether this was so. He expected the 1528 coming of the Kingdom of God in the form of a violent apocalyptic imposition of the rule of Christ. For this reason, he curtailed his extensive missionary activity to await Pentecost 1528 and be among the 144,000 elect. In addition to baptizing with water, he sealed the baptism with a sign of the cross on the forehead.
His mission activity extended from the Thuringian-French border in the north to Tyrol and Moravia and in his mission journeys he often seemed to seek former Peasants' War participants. His preaching was strongly influenced by Thomas Muentzer's mysticism. Gottfried Sebaß, an expert on Hut's life and theology, calls him simply "Muentzer's heir." Among those influenced by Hut were Augustin Bader.
In May 1527, Hans Schlaffer and others joined Hut in a notable theological controversy taking place in Mikulov (Czech) (in German ), in Moravia, present day Czech Republic. Unfortunately, the exact subject of the debate has been lost to history, but it may have involved the question of whether or not a committed Christian could hold a job, e.g. as a soldier, in which he would be required to use violence. In August 1527 Hans Hut was a key participant at the Martyrs' Synod in Augsburg, a gathering of 60 Anabaptists from the surrounding region, trying to come to a common understanding about various teachings. When the Augsburg town council learned of the meeting, they attempted to arrest the group. Hut was arrested along with the major Augsburg Anabaptists. Though the arrest did not end Hut's teaching, after a trial he and the others were sentenced to indefinite imprisonment. Hut was tortured horribly and accidentally died as a result of a fire that caused his asphyxiation in the Augsburg prison on 6 December 1527. The next day, the authorities sentenced his dead body to death and burned him.
Hut is the author of Ausbund no. 8, “O Thou Almighty Lord and God” (O Allmächtiger Herr Gott), which is still in the hymnal used today by North American Amish congregations.

</doc>
<doc id="6923739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923739" title="William Sherman Jennings House">
William Sherman Jennings House

The William Sherman Jennings House (also known as the May Mann Jennings House or the Jennings-Rogers House) is a historic residence in Brooksville, Florida, United States. It dates to ca. 1888. Located at 48 Olive Street, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 22, 1998.
Original owners.
The house was owned by William Sherman Jennings and his wife, May Mann Jennings, who married on May 12, 1891. William Jennings was a lawyer, Hernando County Judge, State Legislator and Florida Governor from 1901 to 1905. May Jennings was active in civic work and politics, serving as president of the Florida Federation of Women's Clubs, co-founder of the Florida League of Women Voters and supported a dozen other causes.

</doc>
<doc id="6923740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923740" title="The Obsidian Trilogy">
The Obsidian Trilogy



</doc>
<doc id="6923744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923744" title="Roy Masters">
Roy Masters

Roy Masters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6923756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923756" title="U.S. Navy Band">
U.S. Navy Band



</doc>
<doc id="6923761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923761" title="Codex aureus">
Codex aureus



</doc>
<doc id="6923768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923768" title="El Cenepa">
El Cenepa



</doc>
<doc id="6923770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923770" title="Edward Lee (Writer)">
Edward Lee (Writer)



</doc>
<doc id="6923777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923777" title="Elizabeth Willis">
Elizabeth Willis

Elizabeth Willis (born April 28, 1961, Bahrain) is an American poet and literary critic. She currently serves as Professor of Poetry at the Iowa Writers' Workshop. Willis has won several awards for her poetry including the National Poetry Series and the Guggenheim Fellowship. Susan Howe has called Elizabeth Willis "an exceptional poet, one of the most outstanding of her generation."
Life.
Willis grew up in the Midwestern United States and received her undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. She then earned a Ph.D. from the Poetics Program at University at Buffalo.
Willis has taught at several institutions including Brown University, Mills College, the University of Denver and Wesleyan University and has held residencies at the MacDowell Colony and the Centre International de Poésie, Marseille. Formerly the Shapiro-Silverberg professor of literature and creative writing at Wesleyan University, she currently serves as Professor of Poetry at the Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Willis has been awarded fellowships from the California Arts Council and the Howard Foundation and has won the National Poetry Series, the PEN New England Award and the Boston Review Prize for Poetry. In 2012, she was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship. Willis lives in Iowa City.
Work.
As a poet, Willis employs the use of "hybrid genres," an attempt to "push the limits of representation." "Turneresque," for instance, draws on elements as diverse as the Romantic sublime and film noir. In terms of style, Willis is most often recognized for her "intense lyricism." Her poetry tends to center on the relationship between art and nature and has been noted for its musicality and precision.
Her literary criticism is concerned with 19th century and 20th century poetry and the ways in which changing technology comes to influence the production of poetry. She also investigates the effects of public and private spaces in her prose. Additionally, Pre-Raphaelite aesthetics and the relationship between contemporary poets and antecedent poets are also frequent concerns of her work. Willis has dedicated a significant portion of her career to a study of the works of Lorine Niedecker.
Reception.
Elizabeth Willis's poetry has been widely praised. Jacket Magazine reported that "Meteoric Flowers" "offers the reader a strange and at times almost overwhelmingly pleasurable world." Poet Ron Silliman wrote that the collection "is filled with brief, well-balanced, brilliantly written prose poems." Susan Howe wrote, "Elizabeth Willis is an exceptional poet, one of the most outstanding of her generation, and "Meteoric Flowers" is her most compelling collection to date." Rosmarie Waldrop said that the collection "is a remarkable investigation of our experience and language."
In a review of "Turneresque," the Denver Quarterly reported that Willis "succeeds...in reinvesting language with the uniqueness of origin: the breath gesture of each letter." Ann Lauterbach wrote that Willis "recovers the originating lyric impulse into a haunting contemporary song. This is poetry of amazing intelligence and grace." Cole Swensen wrote, "What drives Willis’s incisive commentary into stunning poetry are her gorgeous lines...Despite a distinctly noir atmosphere and the unsettling quality that always attends the sublime, Turneresque comes off as affirmative, even jocularly courageous. It seems - to borrow one of its phrases - "to imply or intone whole possibility of human sun."
Of "Address," Jeffrey Cyphers Wright wrote that the collection was "humorous, political, engaged, and deeply resonant." Michael Palmer wrote that the book movingly engages "eternal issues." Alice Notley wrote that "Willis newly revives the list/litany form, and that works to the reader’s delight."
Reviewing "Second Law," Susan Howe wrote, "The poems in Second Law are terse, precise, ecstatic and luminous. White letters serve as lures and traces through gaps of ordered scientific discourse, the rapture of the poet's will remains captive and rejoicing. In these linked fragmentary linguistic structures Elizabeth Willis enters Bunyan's emblematic river another time; singing."
Her 2024 collection, "Liontaming in America", was longlisted for the National Book Award for Poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="6923779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923779" title="Khottiga">
Khottiga

Khottiga or Amoghavarsha IV (r. 967–972 CE), who bore the title "Nityavarsha", was a Rashtrakuta Emperor. During his reign, the Rashtrakutas started to decline. The Paramara King Siyaka II plundered Manyakheta and Khottiga died fighting them. This information is available from the Jain work "Mahapurana" written by Pushpadanta. He was succeeded by Karka II who only reigned for a few months. In 968 CE, Khottiga installed a "panavatta" at Danavulapadu Jain temple for the Mahamastakabhisheka of Shantinatha.

</doc>
<doc id="6923784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923784" title="The LORD">
The LORD



</doc>
<doc id="6923786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923786" title="Nieva District">
Nieva District

Nieva District is one of three districts of the province Condorcanqui in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6923789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923789" title="Nieva">
Nieva

Nieva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6923794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923794" title="Selby (comics)">
Selby (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6923796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923796" title="Terry Simpson">
Terry Simpson

Terry Simpson (born August 30, 1943) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and a former NHL head coach.
Born in Brantford, Ontario, Simpson only played one season of professional ice hockey in 1964–65 for the Jacksonville Rockets of the EHL. He was the head coach of the New York Islanders, Philadelphia Flyers, and Winnipeg Jets.
Simpson had a notable coaching career in junior hockey for 10 years with the Prince Albert Raiders. He led the team to seven consecutive Anavet Cups and four Manitoba Centennial Cup titles. After the Raiders joined the Western Hockey League, he led them to the 1985 Memorial Cup championship.
Due to his success with the Raiders, the city of Prince Albert named the road leading to the Art Hauser Centre "Terry Simpson Lane" in his honour.
Coaching record.
3 playoff appearances, 0 Stanley Cup Titles

</doc>
<doc id="6923798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923798" title="Carl C. Danberg">
Carl C. Danberg



</doc>
<doc id="6923799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923799" title="Royal mast">
Royal mast



</doc>
<doc id="6923800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923800" title="Río Santiago District">
Río Santiago District

Río Santiago District is one of three districts of the province Condorcanqui in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6923801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923801" title="Río Santiago">
Río Santiago



</doc>
<doc id="6923804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923804" title="Edward Lee (Archbishop of York)">
Edward Lee (Archbishop of York)



</doc>
<doc id="6923805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923805" title="Karka II">
Karka II

Karka II (r. 972 – 991 CE) was a Rashtrakuta Emperor who succeeded his uncle Khottiga Amoghavarsha. By this time the once great Rashtrakuta empire was in decline and the weaknesses created by the earlier plunder of Manyakheta by Paramara King Siyaka II exposed the Rashtrakutas to further depredation who did not survive for long. During this time of confusion, Chalukya Tailapa II declared independence and killed Karka II, capturing the Rashtrakuta capital Manyakheta.
Karka II was a son of Nirupama, a Rashtrakuta prince who was the younger brother of Khottiga, the previous Rashtrakuta emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="6923819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923819" title="Stradiot">
Stradiot



</doc>
<doc id="6923824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923824" title="Holidays in São Tomé and Príncipe">
Holidays in São Tomé and Príncipe



</doc>
<doc id="6923827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923827" title="Song Ji-hyo">
Song Ji-hyo

Cheon Soo-yeon (; born Cheon Seong-im, August 15, 1981), better known by the stage name Song Ji-hyo (), is a South Korean actress and model. Song is one of the regular cast members of the South Korean variety show "Running Man" since 2010, which brought her international recognition. She was a cover model for Kiki Magazine before she made her acting debut in the feature film "Wishing Stairs" (2003), the third installment in the "Whispering Corridors film series". She made her television debut in the romantic comedy "Princess Hours" (2006) and the historical "Jumong" (2006).
Song then received wider recognition for her roles in the film "A Frozen Flower" (2008), "New World" (2013), the TV series "Emergency Couple" (2014) and "Was It Love?" (2020), and her first-ever film released after the start of the pandemic COVID-19 since March 2020 in South Korea, "Intruder" (2020), which received a positive response from moviegoers even though it was released during the pandemic.
Early life.
Song Ji-hyo was born as Cheon Seong-im on August 15, 1981, in Pohang, South Korea. Her mother swam competitively for South Korea. She has a younger sister and a younger brother, Cheon Seong-moon, an actor. Song dreamed of becoming an actress during her high school years after watching Park Shin-yang in the 1998 South Korean film, "Promise". She graduated with a degree in tax accounting from Kyungmoon University (now Kookje University). Before entering the acting industry, Song was cast while working a part-time job at a cafe.
Career.
2001–2005: Career beginnings.
Before Song debuted as an actress, she was a model for Kiki Magazine. She chose "Song Ji-hyo" as her stage name because she was inspired by the two famous actors Song Seung-heon and Song Hye-kyo, both main protagonists of "Autumn in My Heart". Song then appeared in the music videos of Lee Soo-young's "And I Love You" and JTL's "Just Say Goodbye". She also made a cameo appearance in the television series "Age of Innocence".
Song made her feature film debut in "Wishing Stairs" (2003), the third installment of the horror "Whispering Corridors film series", after beating out 3000 actors in an audition. Then she was nominated for the Best New Actress at the 24th Blue Dragon Film Awards for her performance in the film. She starred in the crime thriller "Some" (2004), where she played a reporter.
2006–2009: Rising popularity.
Song made her television debut in the romantic comedy, "Princess Hours" (2006), where she played a ballet dancer who dreams to be a ballerina. The series became hit across Asia, contributing to the Korean Wave. In the same year, she played the role of Lady Ye So-ya, the first wife of Jumong and the mother of King Yuri in the historical television series "Jumong" (2006). The series was a commercial hit, receiving the highest viewership ratings of all the Korean dramas that aired in 2006. Song experienced a rise in popularity and was nominated for Best New Actress in the TV category at the 43rd Baeksang Arts Awards for her performance.
The following year, Song starred as a swimming champion who has a painful past in the comedy film "Sex Is Zero 2" (2007), the sequel to "Sex Is Zero" (2002) opposite Im Chang-jung. She also co-hosted SBS' music show "Inkigayo", with Heechul of Super Junior from November 11, 2007, to May 4, 2008. Song then portrayed the role of Queen in Yoo Ha's film "A Frozen Flower" (2008), alongside Jo In-sung and Joo Jin-mo. The film became one of the highest-grossing films of 2008, and led to increased recognition for Song. She later commented about the film and her nude scenes, "When I decided to do this film, nudity was not the central issue. How much I expose is not important to me; I thought without that scene, it would be difficult to portray the subtle changes in emotion. What mattered to me at the time was working on my facial expressions apart from the posture that the director wanted me to convey".
2010–present: International recognition.
Song has been a member of the urban action variety show "Running Man" since 2010. She was requested to join by PD Kim Joo-hyung or also known as Myeok PD, whom she worked with while hosting "Inkigayo". She appeared in the show as a guest from episode 2 to episode 5 then became a regular member in episode 6.
After her contract ended with Namoo Actors, Song signed with C-JeS Entertainment in early 2011 and appeared in Choo Chang-min's film "Late Blossom" (2011). The film is based on the comic "I Love You" by web cartoonist Kang Full. She reunited with "Jumong" co-star Song Il-gook in the police procedural television series "Detectives in Trouble" (2011) where she played a role as a reporter. Later in the year, she starred in the historical television series "Gyebaek" (2011) as the Queen of King Uija. In November, she was appointed as promotional ambassador for the Ministry of Education along with label-mates JYJ. Song then co-starred alongside Kim Jae-joong of JYJ in the action comedy "" (2012) where she played a clumsy assassin.
The following year, Song participated in dubbing for the animated film "Maritime Police Marco" (2013) alongside fellow "Running Man" cast Lee Kwang-soo, and played a detective in Park Hoon-jung's crime film "New World" (2013). She also starred opposite Lee Dong-wook as a royal nurse in the historical television series "The Fugitive of Joseon" (2013).
Song took on the leading role in the medical romantic comedy television series "Emergency Couple" (2014) co-starring Choi Jin-hyuk, playing a divorced medical intern who encounters her ex-husband of an ugly divorce at an emergency room. Song also collaborated with NBA in a collaboration titled "NBA X Song Ji Hyo", which she released her own cap series called "CHO.2".
In 2015, Song starred in the romantic comedy series "Ex-Girlfriends' Club" opposite Byun Yo-han as a film producer. She also featured and appeared in Taiwanese singer and actor Kenji Wu's music video "You Are So Cute".
In 2016, Song was cast alongside Taiwanese actor Chen Bolin in the reality variety show "We Are In Love", the Chinese version of "We Got Married". Song then starred in two Chinese films, the romantic drama "708090" opposite Kenji Wu and the action comedy "Super Express". She then made her small-screen comeback, starring in the remake of a Japanese television series "Listen to Love" co-starring Lee Sun-kyun. In December, Song signed with the management agency, My Company, after ending her contract with C-JeS Entertainment.
In 2017, Song co-hosted the beauty program "Song Ji-hyo's Beauty View" with Gong Myung.
She next starred in the web series "29gram" and acted in the one-act drama "Chief B and the Love Letter" co-starring Jo Woo-jin. Song produced and launched her first own reality program "I Am Jyo Unnie" in December 2017.
In 2018, Song starred in the romantic comedy film "What a Man Wants" alongside Lee Sung-min, Shin Ha-kyun, and Lee El. She co-hosted beauty program "Song Ji Hyo's Beautiful Life" and a reality program "Pajama Friends". Song was also cast in the romance horror drama "Lovely Horribly" alongside Park Si-hoo, which premiered in August.
Song then starred in the action thriller film "Unstoppable" alongside Ma Dong-seok.
In 2019, Song was cast in the mystery thriller film "Intruder" alongside Kim Mu-yeol. In October, Song signed with Creative Group ING after her contract with My Company ended in September. In November, Song was cast as female lead of JTBC drama Was It Love? alongside Kim Min-jun, Son Ho-jun, Song Jong-ho and Koo Ja-sung, which premiered in July 2020.
On February 2, 2021, Song was confirmed as the female lead for TVING web series "The Witch's Diner" which premiered in 2021.
In October 2022, Song signed with Uzurocks Entertainment, she terminated her contract due to a delay in payment in April 2023. On October 13, 2023, Song signed with Nexus E&amp;M.
Personal life.
Song revealed on a May 2017 episode of "Running Man" that she had changed her birth name from "Cheon Seong-im" to "Cheon Soo-yeon" because "a lot of people recognize it nowadays".
Endorsements.
In 2001, Song made her debut as magazine cover model and has appeared in various commercials such as Boryeong Pharmaceutical's Nook, Paris Baguette, LG Household &amp; Health Care's Cash Cat, Lotte Confectionery's Natuur Ice Cream, HiteJinro, SK Telecom's TTL, Pantene shampoo, and Nongshim's raw udon.
On April 5, 2006, Song signed an exclusive contract with Enprani to advertise their cosmetics brand Natural Bee. The contract was worth million which was considered unprecedented treatment for a newcomer. A representative revealed that Song was chosen due to her "ability to express a variety of emotions from an intelligent image to cute feelings".
On May 2, 2017, Song was selected as the muse for Shinsegae's premium cosmetic brand, Vidivici. A representative revealed that Song was chosen for her "eight colors of charm, from a natural and fresh image to a luxurious and elegant atmosphere" that represented the brand's various images.
On December 13, 2021, Song was announced as an endorsement model for Nexus Pharma's Glutanex in Indonesia, Thailand, and Philippines.
Other ventures.
Collaborations.
In 2014, it was announced that Song Ji Hyo was working with the NBA to release her own cap series called "CHO.2" in a collaboration called, "NBA X Song Ji Hyo." "CHO.2" stands for two Chinese characters that sum up her motto "to never lose the original heart so that you will do everything."
On April 30, 2016, Song Jihyo walked her First-Ever fashion runway With Hong Jonghyun as the main models of the Hallyu collaboration fashion show "Very Korean," which featured Korean designer brands like katiacho sponsored by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korea Foundation for Cultural Exchange which was held in Beijing, China.
Impact and influence.
Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA) acknowledged that Song Ji-hyo not only demonstrated her influence and her popularity throughout Asia, but also her significant role in the spread of Hallyu's commercial success. On May 10, KOTRA conducted a survey with a report titled '2018 Asian Regional Marketing Indicator Research', for residents and businessmen in 9 Southeast Asian countries (Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, Malaysia, Cambodia, Laos, and Singapore). She took first place in five questions: Famous Korean Person I Want to Meet in Person, Korean Figure Who Represents Technological Korea, Korean Figure Who Most Close Resembles My Type, Korean Figure Who Represents Quality Korean Products, and Korean Figure Who Reminds Me of Korean Products I Want To Buy. She was selected as the best Hallyu star in Southeast Asia.
Song have been cited as a role model for volleyball athlete Sara Hong, actress Park Eun-woo, actress Seo Jin-young, and Japanese model's Sato Moeka. UNB's Euijin, actor Lee Tae-hwan and Olympic figure skater Cha Jun-hwan mentioned her as an ideal type.
In 2021, Song was selected as one of the 200 actors to feature in the Korean actors 200 campaign, run by the Korean Film Council (KOFIC). The goal of the methodical project is to select actors that best represent the present and future of Korean film and introducing them to film people overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="6923831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923831" title="Main topmast">
Main topmast



</doc>
<doc id="6923833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923833" title="Mizzen-topmast">
Mizzen-topmast



</doc>
<doc id="6923838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923838" title="D programming language">
D programming language



</doc>
<doc id="6923842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923842" title="Fore-topmast">
Fore-topmast



</doc>
<doc id="6923844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923844" title="County Route G16 (California)">
County Route G16 (California)



</doc>
<doc id="6923845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923845" title="Council of Presidents">
Council of Presidents



</doc>
<doc id="6923849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923849" title="AG episodes">
AG episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6923850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923850" title="Francis Dashwood, 1st Baronet">
Francis Dashwood, 1st Baronet



</doc>
<doc id="6923854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923854" title="Indra IV">
Indra IV

Indra IV (ruled 973–982 CE) was the last Great king and The Last significant ruler of the Rashtrakuta dynasty of Manyakheta (modern Malkhed in Karnataka, India). He was the grandson of Krishna III, and the nephew of Marasimha II, the Western Ganga Dynasty feudatory king of Talakad.
During his reign, the Rashtrakuta Empire declined severely after invasions and betrayal by the Paramaras of Malwa. Marasimha II made considerable efforts to preserve the weakening empire but ultimately failed. Both Marasimha II and Indra IV later renounced royal life, became Jain monks, and performed Sallekhana—the Jain ritual of voluntary fasting to death—at Shravanabelagola on 20 March 982 CE.
With Indra IV’s death, the main line of the Rashtrakuta dynasty came to an end. However, several collateral branches—such as the Lattalura and the Rattas of Saundatti—continued to rule in different parts of India for centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="6923855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923855" title="Projectivist poet">
Projectivist poet



</doc>
<doc id="6923858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923858" title="MTV Music Video Awards">
MTV Music Video Awards



</doc>
<doc id="6923866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923866" title="Projectivist">
Projectivist



</doc>
<doc id="6923868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923868" title="Afterglow (book)">
Afterglow (book)



</doc>
<doc id="6923870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923870" title="Lower mast">
Lower mast



</doc>
<doc id="6923876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923876" title="You'll Follow Me Down">
You'll Follow Me Down

"You'll Follow Me Down" is a song by Skunk Anansie, released as the final single from "Post Orgasmic Chill". It was released in October 1999 and was the last release from the band – until their 2009 reunion. The CD was released as a limited, numbered edition to mark the end of the band.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Thomas Krygier
Chart.
You'll Follow Me Down was ineligible to chart the UK Singles charts because of regulations for chart inclusion said that a CD must be under 20 minutes long if more than one track, including remixes, is featured. This CD featured three tracks and two remixes which made it ineligible.

</doc>
<doc id="6923877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923877" title="Topgallant">
Topgallant

Topgallant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6923880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923880" title="List of minor planets/135001–135100">
List of minor planets/135001–135100



</doc>
<doc id="6923890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923890" title="Bill Leonard (disambiguation)">
Bill Leonard (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6923896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923896" title="Our Lady of Fatima University">
Our Lady of Fatima University

Our Lady of Fatima University (OLFU) is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational basic and higher education institution in the Philippines.
History.
In 1967, Jose C. Olivares, with his son-in-law, Dr. Vicente M. Santos Sr., founded the Our Lady of Fatima Hospital in Valenzuela City. In 1973 he expanded the hospital to include a nursing college.
In 1979 the Fatima College of Medicine was established, with its pioneer batch graduating in 1983. In the 1990s the college diversified, starting programs in computer science, maritime education, education, psychology, biology, tourism and business.
The college became a university in December 2002, with Dr. Vicente M. Santos Sr. as its founding president.
The next years further saw an increase in infrastructure development. New buildings were established in the Valenzuela and Quezon City campuses, with additional nursing virtual laboratories and simulators. Fatima's College of Nursing was designated by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) as a Center of Development in 2008. Fatima's expansion continued with the establishment of additional campuses in Antipolo, Pampanga, Nueva Ecija, and Sta. Rosa, Laguna.
The university submitted itself to the CHED's Institutional Quality Assurance through Monitoring and Evaluation (IQuAME) in 2008. In 2009 it was placed in Category A(t) as a mature teaching university.
The CHED granted autonomous status to the university for five years from March 11, 2009, to March 30, 2014.
Campuses.
The university has six campuses which are located in:
Accreditation.
The Fatima College of Physical Therapy, Fatima College of Pharmacy, Fatima College of Hotel and Restaurant Management, Fatima College of Nursing and Fatima College of Dental Medicine programs are accredited by the Philippine Association of and Universities Commission on Accreditation (PACUCOA).
Fatima University Medical Center.
Near the college of medicine is the Fatima University Medical Center, a 150-bed hospital on the university campus. The center is an institutional partner that serves as a teaching tertiary hospital.
Athletics.
The 'Fatima Phoenix' commonly called Team Fatima are chosen athletes who compete in basketball, volleyball, badminton, taekwondo, cheerdancing, track and field, chess, billiards, and swimming. Their students represent the university in NAASCU, PRISAA and other competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="6923902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923902" title="Harvard Ivory Tower">
Harvard Ivory Tower



</doc>
<doc id="6923903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923903" title="List of tallest buildings in Pakistan">
List of tallest buildings in Pakistan

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Pakistan, ranked by structural height.
The current tallest building in Pakistan is the Bahria Icon Tower in Karachi. The 62-floor building rises to 
Many of Pakistan's tallest buildings are located in Karachi, including:
Completed buildings (100m+).
This list ranks completed and topped out buildings that stand at least or 20 floors, based on standard height measurement. This height includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts. Existing partially habitable structures are included for ranking purposes based on present height. Karachi has the most completed highrise buildings in Pakistan, followed by Islamabad.
Under construction (100m+).
This list ranks buildings that are under construction in Pakistan and are planned to rise at least 100 m (330 ft) or 20 floors tall. Buildings under construction that have already been topped out are also included, as are those whose construction has been suspended. Karachi has the most under construction buildings followed by Islamabad.
On hold (100m+).
This table lists buildings that were at one time under construction in Pakistan and were expected to rise at least 100 meters (330 ft) in height, but are now on hold. While not officially cancelled, construction has been suspended on each development.
Proposed/vision (100m+).
This list ranks buildings in Pakistan that are approved or proposed and are planned to rise at least 100 m (330 ft).
Timeline of tallest buildings.
This is a list of buildings that once held the title of being the tallest building in Pakistan. All of the buildings are in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="6923905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923905" title="Auf Zwei Planeten">
Auf Zwei Planeten



</doc>
<doc id="6923906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923906" title="Landover (Brooks)">
Landover (Brooks)



</doc>
<doc id="6923907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923907" title="List of minor planets/135101–135200">
List of minor planets/135101–135200



</doc>
<doc id="6923918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923918" title="Mizzen topgallant mast">
Mizzen topgallant mast



</doc>
<doc id="6923919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923919" title="List of minor planets/135201–135300">
List of minor planets/135201–135300



</doc>
<doc id="6923920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923920" title="Camporredondo District">
Camporredondo District

Camporredondo is a district of the province of Luya. The District of Camporredondo, there is placed in the part Nor Occidental of the Province of Luya, influenced on one hand of the central mountain range of the Andes, is located in the low part of the hill Condorpuñuna to an altitude of more or less 1700 m.s.n.m. and an approximate distance of 6 km. With regard to the River Cashew.
The District of Camporredondo borders:
Camporredondo is located in a warm zone, surrounds to the River Cashew. Cocabamba offers several attractive places for tourists as ruins of the culture Chachapoya. Also he emphasizes the big variety of fruits that grows in the zone.
The management holiday of the capital Camporredondo is celebrated from June 28 until June 30, in honor to the Holy Boss, Apostle San Pedro.
As typical meals there is known the Purutemote, Yucca Chi Chic, Timbuche the Tacacho with Dirty person between others.
In the north the District of Camporredondo has border with the District of Conila, in the East with the District of Ocalli, in the south with the District of Providence (Luya), in the south-west with the District of Chimban.

</doc>
<doc id="6923925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923925" title="Our lady of fatima university">
Our lady of fatima university



</doc>
<doc id="6923926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923926" title="Border detection">
Border detection



</doc>
<doc id="6923930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923930" title="Machete avenue">
Machete avenue



</doc>
<doc id="6923933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923933" title="List of minor planets/135301–135400">
List of minor planets/135301–135400



</doc>
<doc id="6923935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923935" title="Camporredondo">
Camporredondo



</doc>
<doc id="6923936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923936" title="Avengers Dissasembled">
Avengers Dissasembled



</doc>
<doc id="6923943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923943" title="List of minor planets/135401–135500">
List of minor planets/135401–135500



</doc>
<doc id="6923948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923948" title="List of minor planets/135501–135600">
List of minor planets/135501–135600



</doc>
<doc id="6923949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923949" title="Apolinario de la Cruz">
Apolinario de la Cruz



</doc>
<doc id="6923950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923950" title="Focal length multiplier">
Focal length multiplier



</doc>
<doc id="6923951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923951" title="Chief of the Defence Staff">
Chief of the Defence Staff

Chief of (the) Defence Staff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6923952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923952" title="Machete Avenue">
Machete Avenue

Machete Avenue is a Canadian indie rock duo from London, Ontario, composed of lead vocalist Chad Michael Stewart and keyboardist Scott Parker.
History.
Stewart, from St. Thomas, and Parker, from London (also known as Scotty Scheid), formed Machete Avenue in 2005. They began performing in London and in the Toronto area, and later that year the pair released an EP, "The First Cuts". The tracks consisted of vocals, keyboard and acoustic guitar.
Machete Avenue took part in Guelph's Wakestock festival in 2007, and won London Music Awards in 2007 and 2008. A second album, "Machete Avenue", was released in 2008. A percussionist, Vince Jerzy, joined the group in 2008. The band performed and recorded together until early 2009, after which Stewart continued to perform alone under the name Machete Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="6923955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923955" title="FLM">
FLM

FLM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6923956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923956" title="List of minor planets/135601–135700">
List of minor planets/135601–135700



</doc>
<doc id="6923962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923962" title="Hong Kong immigration policy">
Hong Kong immigration policy



</doc>
<doc id="6923963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923963" title="Mira Craig">
Mira Craig

Mira Scherdin Craig (born 31 July 1982) is a Norwegian R&amp;B artist.
Early life.
Craig's father is Ronaldo Craig an African American from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. She was born in 1982 in Oslo, and at the age of twelve, Craig performed the Whitney Houston hit "I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)" on the Norwegian youth TV show "Midt i smørøyet". By the age of 15 she had started writing her own songs, and by 17 she was singing back-up vocals for Noora Noor.
Career.
In 2000, she made headlines at "Quartfestivalen", a Norwegian music festival, when Wyclef Jean pulled her up on stage. American rap artist Snoop Dogg also took interest in her in 2005 at the same festival, and has since used one of her songs on his compilation "."
On 21 January 2006 Craig won the Newcomer of The Year award at "Alarm-prisen," a Norwegian music awards show. The same year, readers of Norwegian publication "Mann Magazine" voted her "Female of the Year".
In 2008, she took part in Norwegian Melodi Grand Prix as a composer. She had written the song "Hold On Be Strong", which was performed by Maria Haukaas Storeng. The song won the right to represent Norway in Belgrade, and at the Eurovision semi-final on 20 May 2008. It finished fourth out of 19, earning a place in the Eurovision final, which took place on 24 May. The song ended in fifth place in the final with 182 points, and Norway got the highest ranking of all the countries in western Europe.
In 2012 she released the lead single from her forthcoming fourth album. The song "Aces High" showed a more rock-oriented direction to her music. The song, however, has not reached the same level of success as her previous singles.
On 10 January 2022 it was announced that Craig would take part in Melodi Grand Prix 2022 with the song "We Still Here".

</doc>
<doc id="6923965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923965" title="List of minor planets/135701–135800">
List of minor planets/135701–135800



</doc>
<doc id="6923971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923971" title="Joseph-Guillaume Barthe">
Joseph-Guillaume Barthe

Joseph-Guillaume Barthe (March 16, 1816 – August 4, 1893) was a lawyer, journalist, poet and political figure in Lower Canada and Canada East, Province of Canada (now Quebec). He served one term in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada, as a supporter of Louis-Joseph Papineau and Denis-Benjamin Viger. He opposed Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine's policy of building a reform alliance within the framework of the Province of Canada.
Early life and family.
Barthe was born March 16, 1816, in Carleton, Lower Canada, on the south shore of the Gaspé peninsula, the eldest son of Joseph Barthe and Marie-Louise-Esther Tapin. His grandfather, Thaddée-Alexis Barthe, emigrated from France prior to 1784. His father, Joseph, was a farmer and then a sea captain, who engaged in a legal battle with Robert Christie, a prominent lawyer and member of the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada. Joseph Barthe lost some of his property as a result and had to relocate to a different part of the Gaspé. He sent Joseph-Guillaume, then still in childhood, away to Trois-Rivières to live with his uncle, Étienne Tapin, for his primary schooling. Later on, Joseph-Guillaume attended the Séminaire de Nicolet, also in the Trois-Rivières area, for secondary education. He did not see his family again until his late teens, in 1834.
Barth attended the Séminaire de Nicolet for seven years between 1827 and 1834. He completed his first year of the philosophy course at Nicolet, but when he returned for the second year he could not successfully complete the philosophy program. Shifting his interests to medicine, he studied under Dr. René-Joseph Kimber, a doctor in Trois-Rivières, but without success. Barthe then studied law with Edward Barnard, a lawyer at Trois-Rivières. Completing his legal education, Barthe was called to the bar on March 17, 1840.
During his time in Trois-Rivières, Barthe was exposed to politics. His uncle, Étienne Tapin, was well-respected in the area and was friends with many local notables. Barnard and Kimber were both members of the Legislative Assembly, and both were members of the "Parti patriote". The Pacaud brothers, Édouard-Louis Pacaud and Philippe-Napoléon Pacaud, were both classmates with Barthe at the Séminaire de Nicolet, and also went on to legal and political careers. All of them supported the "Patriote" cause in the political struggles of the day.
In 1844, Barthe married Louise-Adélaïde Pacaud, sister of the Pacaud brothers. The couple had seven children. His brother Georges-Isidore Barthe also became a lawyer and journalist, and served in the Canadian House of Commons.
Journalism and poetry.
Although he had successfully been called to the bar, Barthe did not practise as a lawyer. Instead, he began a career as a journalist, poet and author. He started by publishing letters and poetry on political matters in the newspaper "Le Populaire", under the pseudonym "Marie-Louise". In 1837, he spoke at a "Patriote" assembly in Yamachiche, in the St. Maurice region. The Lower Canada Rebellion broke out in 1837, and again in 1838. After the Rebellion had been suppressed, Barthe wrote a poem "", which appeared in "Le Fantasque" on December 26, 1838. As a result, he was put in jail at Trois-Rivières for the first three months of 1839, cementing his reputation as a "Patriote". On his release, he published an article about his experience.
In 1839, Barthe was offered the position of editor of the Montreal newspaper "L’Aurore des Canadas", the only French-language newspaper in Montreal at that time. The publisher who made the offer was Denis-Benjamin Viger, who had also been imprisoned for his role in the Rebellion. Viger had a long career in the "Parti canadien" and then the "Parti patriote", and was a strong supporter of Louis-Joseph Papineau. Barthe was grateful to Viger as his patron for the rest of his life, and thereafter consistently supported Viger's political positions.
As editor of "L'Aurore des Canadas", Barthe emphasised the need for French-Canadians to become more active in the commercial world, and to compete with the more advanced commercial activities of Upper Canada. In this, he took a similar position to Étienne Parent, who wrote and lectured on the need for French-Canadians to expand from the traditional economic activities of rural life and the professions. He also followed Parent's emphasis on the need for French-Canadian identity to become the rallying point, the ultimate "political dogma", in French-Canadian society.
Province of Canada politics.
Member of the Legislative Assembly, 1841–1844.
Following the rebellion in Lower Canada, and the similar rebellion in 1837 in Upper Canada (now Ontario), the British government decided to merge the two provinces into a single province, as recommended by Lord Durham in the Durham Report. The "Union Act, 1840", passed by the British Parliament, abolished the two provinces and their separate parliaments. It created the Province of Canada, with a single Parliament for the entire province, composed of an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The Governor General initially retained a strong position in the government.
The first general elections for the new Parliament were held in the spring of 1841. Barthe stood for election as an anti-unionist candidate. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for the Yamaska riding, defeating a pro-union candidate, Jonathan Würtele.
In the first session of the new Parliament, the main issue was the union of the Canadas. One of the leaders of the French-Canadian Group, John Neilson, introduced a motion condemning the way the union had been imposed on Lower Canada without consent. All of the members of the French-Canadian Group, including Barthe, voted in favour of the motion and against the union, as did some of the reformers from Upper Canada. The motion was defeated, which was considered a vote in favour of the union. For the rest of the first session, Barthe was a consistent opponent of the Governor General, Lord Sydenham.
In the 1843, there was a major dispute. Louis Hippolyte LaFontaine and Robert Baldwin had been admitted to the Executive Council the year before, but they now reached an impasse with the new Governor General, Sir Charles Metcalfe. All but one of the members of the Council resigned, in protest at Metcalfe's refusal to follow the Council's advice in the matter of government appointments. There was a debate in the Assembly and a motion passed, supporting LaFontaine, Baldwin and the other former members of Council. Barthe, like most of the French-Canadian Group, voted in favour of the motion and criticised Metcalfe. Somewhat surprisingly, Viger and Neilson voted in support of Metcalfe. Shortly afterwards, Metcalfe appointed Viger and a conservative member from Upper Canada, William Draper, to the Council.
The reason Viger supported Metcalfe was that he disagreed with LaFontaine's approach of an alliance with Upper Canada reformers. Viger and Neilson did not agree with the concept of responsible government (Neilson called it a "humbug") and preferred coalitions based on ethnicity, rather than common ideological principles. Once Viger was in office, Barthe naturally took his patron's position, and in his newspaper articles in "L'Aurora des Canadas" was sharply critical of LaFontaine. However, in the 1844 general elections, LaFontaine and his supporters in the French-Canadian Group targeted Viger and his supporters. The French-Canadian electorate in Lower Canada voted largely for LaFontaine's approach. Viger, Neilson, and Barthe were all defeated in their ridings, by candidates who supported LaFontaine's position. Barthe wrote furious articles condemning LaFontaine and the successful candidate in his own riding, Léon Rousseau.
Clerk of the Court of Appeals.
In 1846, Viger retired from politics. Shortly before he retired, he arranged for Barthe to be appointed Clerk of the Court of Appeals, a prestigious and lucrative position. The appointment was heavily criticised as a patronage reward for Barthe, by lawyers in the Quebec bar and also by the elected politicians. When LaFontaine and Baldwin formed the government in 1848, they converted the position from fee-based compensation to a salary of £250. Even though Barthe had stated before the change that he only received £250 as fees, after he was put on salary for that amount he complained bitterly about the change, which he said was a three-quarter reduction in his income. He attempted to appoint his brother-in-law as his deputy, but most of the judges of the Court refused to accept that arrangement and would only sit with Barthe as clerk. Barthe finally resigned in late 1850. He then published articles in "L'Avenir" stating he was the victim of political partisanship, but did not earn much sympathy.
Candidate in 1851.
Barthe stood for election in 1851, again in Yamaska, this time as a supporter of the "Parti rouge". He was defeated, coming in third place.
Later life.
Barthe had become very active in the new "Institut canadien de Montréal", an association of relatively young professionals of liberal tendencies, which provided a forum for discussions and public lectures. In 1850, he published an article discussing the abolition of the death penalty.
In 1853, Barthe announced that he could not "endure the haughtiness or the injustice of political adversaries", and moved with his family to France. He had two goals: to encourage greater ties between France and Lower Canada, and to gain an affiliation between the "Institut canadien de Montréal" and the "Institut de France". He lived in France until 1855, but was not successful in his goals. Towards the end of his time in France, he published a book, "Le Canada reconquis par la France", in which he encouraged greater French involvement with Lower Canada, including French emigration. The book went into Canadian political history in great detail, but from a strongly partisan view, praising the "Parti rouge" and attacking LaFontaine. It did not do well in the French markets. Nor did he obtain any affiliation for the "Institut canadien de Montréal". He did publish some articles with the "Gazette de France".
In 1855, he returned to Canada, initially settling in Trois-Rivières, where he was the editor for two different newspapers, "L'Ère nouvelle" and "Le Bas-Canada", the latter founded by his brother. Late in 1856, he moved to Quebec City where, at the request of Étienne Parent, he was co-editor of "Le Canadien" until 1862, his last major editorial role. From 1866 onwards, he worked at the "Drapeau de Lévis" and then the "Journal de Lévis".
Around 1870 he moved to Montreal, where he lived in semi-retirement. He wrote his memoirs, "Souvenirs d'un demi-siècle", which appeared in 1885. Although his political passions had cooled somewhat, the writing style was difficult to follow. He had a tendency to exaggerate the roles he played, and to outright invent events that historical research shows did not occur. It was nonetheless an important record of the young idealistic generation that came of age in the 1830s, and played a role in the politics of the mid-19th century.
He died in 1893.
His daughter Émilie Barthe eventually gained some notoriety, as the close friend of Prime Minister Wilfrid Laurier. There were persistent rumours that the two had a sexual relationship, and that Laurier was the father of Armand Lavergne, who was said to bear a striking resemblance to Laurier in his youth.

</doc>
<doc id="6923972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923972" title="List of minor planets/135801–135900">
List of minor planets/135801–135900



</doc>
<doc id="6923974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923974" title="Camelot 3000">
Camelot 3000

Camelot 3000 is an American twelve-issue comic book limited series written by Mike W. Barr and penciled by Brian Bolland. It was published by DC Comics from 1982 to 1985 as one of its first direct market projects, and as its first maxi-series. It was also the first comic book series to be printed on Baxter paper instead of newsprint.
The series follows the adventures of King Arthur, Merlin and the reincarnated Knights of the Round Table as they reemerge in an overpopulated future world of 3000 AD to fight off an alien invasion masterminded by Arthur's old nemesis, Morgan Le Fay.
Background and creation.
Barr came up with the concept of "Camelot 3000" in approximately 1975, having been inspired by a college course he took in Arthurian literature. He submitted the proposal to DC Comics several years later, only to have it rejected. He then submitted it to Marvel Comics, where it was accepted for serialized publication in one of their black-and-white magazines, but for unknown reasons the project did not get off the ground at this point. The "Camelot 3000" concept was resubmitted to DC the following year, and this time was accepted. DC decided to run it as a maxi-series. Barr enlisted Dr. Sally Slocum, the teacher of the course which first inspired "Camelot 3000", as a creative consultant for the series.
"Camelot 3000" was British artist Bolland's first major work in the US. At the time the logistics of transatlantic collaborations were difficult, and the series was created using the full script method in part because it was the easiest way for Barr and Bolland to work together while an ocean separated them. This was also the first time that Bolland's work was inked regularly by someone other than himself. Bolland was not comfortable with this and made his pencils very heavily detailed in order to leave the inker as little room for creative reinterpretation as possible. This, combined with Bolland's personal goal to top himself with each new issue, made it difficult for him to keep up with the series's monthly schedule, and the last several issues were late. Barr recounted that Bolland spent nine months drawing the final issue.
Barr originally had the role of Tom Prentice filled by a girl, but editor Len Wein strongly felt that the character should be a boy. Though the series's exploration of gender identity themes (and presumed homosexuality) was published without opposition from DC's editorial staff, Barr recalled that "Camelot 3000" received a number of letters from children who were confused and/or upset by this content.
The series also briefly experimented with reproducing art directly from the pencils (i.e. without inking). However, printing techniques at the time were still relatively primitive, and Bolland found that creating pencil art which could be reproduced by the printers was more work than actually inking it. As such, only two pages (specifically, the first two pages of issue #2) were produced in this manner.
Plot.
Fulfilling an ancient prophecy that he would return when England needs him most, King Arthur is awakened accidentally from his resting place beneath Glastonbury Tor in the year 3000 by a young archeology student, Tom Prentice, whom Arthur makes his squire and later a knight. The two of them travel to Stonehenge, where Merlin lies sorcerously trapped by the fae creature Nyneve, and awaken him to help them retrieve Arthur's legendary sword, Excalibur. The world is under attack by an alien force that Earth's military forces are helpless against, while democracy no longer exists. Only four world leaders remain, all of whom are corrupt autocrats, while those who demonstrate against the authorities are suppressed by "Neo-Men": political prisoners turned into zombie-like mutants to do the bidding of the powers that be.
Arthur, Guinevere, and Lancelot are presented more-or-less traditionally as the familiar doomed triangle of lovers; Guinevere is reincarnated as Joan Acton, an American military commander, while Lancelot is reborn as Jules Futrelle, a French industrialist and philanthropist. Sir Galahad is changed from an idealized version of the Christian knight to a samurai and devout adherent of bushido. Sir Percival, the "foolish man slowly wise" is genetically altered into a "Neo-Man" but retains his gentle manner. Sir Kay, the court churl, reveals to Arthur that his characteristic obnoxious demeanor was in fact an affectation intended to reduce tensions between the members of Arthur’s court, by uniting them in mutual dislike of Kay. Gawain is reincarnated as a South African family man.
As in "Le Morte d'Arthur", Modred is the illegitimate son of Arthur and his half-sister. After Modred's birth, he had been taken away by a peasant woman to be hidden from Arthur, but she was intercepted by Sirs Kay and Tristan. Arthur then attempted to drown the baby among the other May Babies to keep him from becoming a threat to any legitimate heir; but unknown to Arthur, the baby survived. In the year 3000, Modred is reincarnated as Jordan Matthew, a corrupt United Nations official in league with Morgan le Fay who later fuses the recovered Holy Grail into a suit of armor, and along with Morgan and some of her minions assassinate the 4 world leaders.
Sir Tristan is unexpectedly reincarnated in a woman's form. This forces him to reexamine his previous conceptions of gender roles and possibly his own sexuality. His relationship with Isolde - also reincarnated as a woman - is tested by his new body. Their enduring love for one another eventually triumphs, and the two become lovers.
In the year 3000, the Earth is facing a threat from an alien invasion of unknown origins. Reconstituting the Round Table at Lancelot's orbital habitat, Arthur and his knights battle both the invading aliens as well as intrigues from Mordred and Morgan. Their task is complicated by internal tensions including the renewed love triangle between Arthur, Lancelot and Guinevere, Tristan's grappling with his gender identity, Tom Prentice's infatuation with Tristan, and Gawain's desire to see his family again. Morgan uses the fae creature Nyneve to ensnare Merlin and imprison him. Eventually, the Knights track the origin of the alien invasion to a previously undiscovered tenth planet of the Solar System. Flashbacks reveal that after her defeat in the Middle Ages, the spirit of Morgan traveled out into the Solar System, eventually reconstituting herself on the planet where she enslaved the native population and led them in their invasion of Earth.
Arthur and his knights travel to the tenth planet, called Chiron, to defeat Morgan. Galahad sacrifices himself so that they can gain entry to Morgan's citadel. The final battle sees the Knights freeing the trapped Merlin, who takes vengeance upon Morgan le Fay before gathering all of the heroes and escaping to Earth, leaving King Arthur behind at his request. Before Arthur sacrifices himself to stop Morgan, he forgives Lancelot and Guinevere, and wishes that they live together happily. As Morgan prepares to strike Arthur down, calling back to the planet from Earth all of the invading aliens, Arthur uses the supernatural aspect of Excalibur to strike a stone, creating a nuclear explosion which destroys Morgan and her command center. The epilogue shows the fates of the remaining knights as Gawain returns to his wife and son, Tristan consummates his relationship with Isolde, and Tom Prentice leads a crew in rebuilding London. Guinevere finds out that she's pregnant, and when she tells Lancelot it may be Arthur's, he expresses similar hope; indicating that he will love the baby no matter what. Merlin also leaves, noting that he will prepare for when the cycle begins anew, seemingly confirming that the knights will one day be reincarnated to face a new threat. The final scene shows an alien on a distant world being pursued by an armed group before pulling Excalibur from a stone. The group look on in an apparent mixture of shock and awe, while an image of Arthur appears behind the alien as he holds up the sword, indicating the legend of King Arthur will live on.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into multiple volumes:
Reception.
Lynn Bryant reviewed "Camelot 3000" in "Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer" No. 83. Bryant commented that "the art and mix of the high tech and medieval techs are good. The original "Camelot 3000" story seem disjointed when I first read it in monthly comics. The longer graphic novel format serves it quite well".

</doc>
<doc id="6923976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923976" title="Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe">
Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe

Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe (1871–1911) was a Zeybek, who was active as an outlaw in the region enclosing İzmir, Aydın, Denizli, Muğla and Antalya in modern western Turkey, from 1893 to 1910. Born in Ödemiş in 1871, he went out to the Aegean mountains at the age of 22 seeking revenge for his father, Çakırcalı Koca Ahmet Efe, who was murdered by an Ottoman sergeant.
While the political standing of Çakırcalı is controversial, he is generally recognized as a legendary efe, who was protective of common people, fought against authority, and established justice in regions of his control. He also called by the Ottoman Empire "kirserdar" in other words commander-in-chief (of an army) a military rank in Ottoman Empire. But he decided to be in charge on his own. In 1911, he was killed by Ottoman security forces during a fight and decapitated by his own men in order to prevent the identification of the body.
Until the year 1948 his body was on the mountain where he was killed; his younger daughter Hatice Akkas brought his body to the graveside Ödemis Kayaköy where her family has a glebe.
There are stories about him that he killed more than 1000 people.
The most famous folk song about him is "Izmir'in Kavaklari". It used to be sung as "Ödemis'in Kavaklari". 
In 2010 the Ankara State Ballet portrayed his life on stage for the first time. There are also many movies about his life. The first one, "Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe" (1950), was directed by Faruk Kenc. The part of Efe was played by Turkish actor Bülent Ufuk. There was a sequel to this film, entitled "Treasure of Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe" (1952). In 1957, Fikret Hakan starred in another film about Efe: "Dokuz Dağın Efesi". And in 1969 another film about him was released, starring Kartal Tibet.
The greel movie Tsakitzis, Protector of the Poor (1960) directed by Kostas Andritsos and starring Andreas Barkoulis is about Çakırcalı's life and is accompanied by songs about him.(Τσακιτζής)
The book about Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe's life is written by Yasar Kemal called Çakırcalı Efe* (The Life Stories of the Famous Bandit Çakircali) (1972).
References.
The movies are listed in the following link: http://www.sinematurk.com/arama/?a=%C3%87ak%C4%B1rcal%C4%B1+Mehmet+Efe

</doc>
<doc id="6923979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923979" title="Cocabamba District">
Cocabamba District

Cocabamba is a district of the province of Luya in the Amazonas Region of Peru.
Geography.
Cocabamba is located in a temperate portion where Tomás lowers from the Saint's heights up to the river Cashew.
In the north the District of Cocabamba has border with the District of Pisuquía, in the East with Maria's District, the Saint's District Tomás (Luya) and the District of Leymebamba (Chachapoyas), in the southeast with the District of Rafts (Chachapoyas), in the south-west with the District of Celendin, in the west with the District of Chumuch. The principal entry to the District of Cocabamba is for the Saint's District Tomás (Luya), where it finishes the highway.
Tourism.
Cocabamba has several places for tourists, including several waterfalls and ruins of the Chachapoyas culture. The paved roads do not reach all the way to Cocabamba, so people who come by car must walk the last section.
Culture.
The public holiday of the capital Cocabamba is celebrated on October 8. Typical meals are the Purtumote (nickname: the Locro), stew and wheat resvaldo, among others. The District of Cocabamba Tomás (Luya) belongs to the parroquía of the Saint's District.

</doc>
<doc id="6923982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923982" title="Cocabamba">
Cocabamba



</doc>
<doc id="6923983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923983" title="List of minor planets/135901–136000">
List of minor planets/135901–136000



</doc>
<doc id="6923985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923985" title="Diocese of Macedonia">
Diocese of Macedonia

The Diocese of Macedonia (; ) was a diocese of the later Roman Empire, forming part of the praetorian prefecture of Illyricum. Its administrative centre was Thessalonica.
History.
The diocese was formed, probably under Constantine I (r. 306–337), from the division of the Diocletianic Diocese of Moesia. It included the provinces of Macedonia Prima, Macedonia Salutaris, Thessalia, Epirus vetus, Epirus nova, Achaea, and Crete. Alongside Dacia and, until 379, Pannonia, it made up the Prefecture of Illyricum. In 379, Pannonia was detached and merged into the Praetorian prefecture of Italy and Thessaloniki became the Prefecture's new capital city instead of Sirmium.

</doc>
<doc id="6923986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923986" title="Turnin' Back the Pages">
Turnin' Back the Pages

Turnin' Back the Pages is a compilation album released by Stephen Stills from his years with Columbia Records (1975–1978) and the "Super Session" album (1968). It was released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="6923993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6923993" title="Dassault Mystère II">
Dassault Mystère II



</doc>
<doc id="6924004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924004" title="Giselher of Burgundy">
Giselher of Burgundy

Giselher was a king of Burgundy in the Nibelungenlied, brother to kings Gunther and Gundomar I (also called Gernot). Historically, these correspond to three sons of king Gebicca, Gundomar, Gislaharius (Giselher) and Gundaharius (Gunther), who ruled the Burgundians in the 410s. His name means "pledged warrior".
In the Nibelungenlied, he is betrothed to Dietlind, the daughter of Count Rüdiger of Bechelaren. He died sometime before 436. He was likely the second son of Gebicca, not the third as is reported in the Nibelungenlied. He was succeeded by his brother Gundaharius.

</doc>
<doc id="6924006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924006" title="Family Learning Channel">
Family Learning Channel



</doc>
<doc id="6924007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924007" title="Armen Karo">
Armen Karo



</doc>
<doc id="6924013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924013" title="Karekin Pasdermajian">
Karekin Pasdermajian



</doc>
<doc id="6924015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924015" title="Pasadena O'Possum">
Pasadena O'Possum



</doc>
<doc id="6924023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924023" title="Karekin Pasdermadjian">
Karekin Pasdermadjian



</doc>
<doc id="6924024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924024" title="List of asteroids (135001-136000)">
List of asteroids (135001-136000)



</doc>
<doc id="6924026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924026" title="Ubiquitin ligases">
Ubiquitin ligases



</doc>
<doc id="6924030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924030" title="Jay Hoffman (soccer)">
Jay Hoffman (soccer)

James Arthur Hoffman Jr. (born January 15, 1951) is an American soccer coach and former player.
Playing career.
High school and college.
Hoffman attended Conrad Weiser Middle School where he played polo, soccer and baseball, graduating in 1968. He then attended East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania playing four seasons of soccer from 1968 to 1971. He continued to attend East Stroudsbourg, working as an assistant coach until he attained his undergraduate (1972. He later earned a master's degree in Physical Education and Recreation in 1977.
Professional.
Hoffman played professionally in the Canadian National Soccer League.
Coaching.
College and professional.
He coached Alderson-Broaddus College from 1973 to 1975, then SUNY Fredonia from 1975 to 1977.
He was assistant coach for the NASL's Houston Hurricanes and Edmonton Drillers. He also coached the Boston Breakers of the WUSA. The Breakers fired him on August 11, 2002. In 2005, he was hired to coach the Virginia Beach Mariners of the USL First Division.
National teams.
Hoffman was an assistant coach of the United States U-17 men's side that finished seventh in the FIFA U-17 World Cup at Japan in 1993. He was head coach of the United States U-20 men's side that went to the 9th World Youth Championships at Malaysia in July 1997. He was head coach of the 1999 U.S. Women's Pan American Games team that won the gold medal, and assistant coach to the Women's National Team that won the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. He holds the USSF "A" license, and teaches that advanced course to other coaches. He also coached the US Paralympic soccer team from 2002 until 2015.
Personal.
He and his wife Susan have two children, Scott and Samantha. Hoffman is an avid golfer.

</doc>
<doc id="6924033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924033" title="Women of Wrestling Unleashed">
Women of Wrestling Unleashed



</doc>
<doc id="6924045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924045" title="Colcamar District">
Colcamar District

Colcamar is a district of Luya Province in Peru. Colcamar offers several attractive places for tourists like cataracts, ruins of the culture Chachapoya.
The management holidays of the capital Colcamar are celebrated on September 24. As typical meals there is known the Chochoca, the Nickname, the Locro, the Stew between others.
In Chuquichaca there is the Virgin of Chuquichaca that receives veneration of the local and regional population.
In the north the District of Colcamar has border with the District of Inguilpata, in the East with the province of Chachapoyas, in the southeast with the District The Tingo, in the south-west with the District Longuita, in the west with the District of Ocumal. The principal entry to the District of Pisiquia is the market of Yumal in the District of Colcamar, where it finishes the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="6924047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924047" title="County Route G20 (California)">
County Route G20 (California)



</doc>
<doc id="6924050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924050" title="Colcamar">
Colcamar



</doc>
<doc id="6924052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924052" title="Wax fire">
Wax fire



</doc>
<doc id="6924053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924053" title="Ian Johnson">
Ian Johnson

Ian Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6924054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924054" title="Riku Sanjo">
Riku Sanjo

 is a Japanese manga writer and screenwriter. He works as a story writer for manga, anime and live-action film. Sanjo graduated from Meiji University.
"" (1989–1996), which he created with illustrator Koji Inada, is one of the best-selling manga in history with over 47 million copies sold. The two also created "Beet the Vandel Buster" (2002–2006, 2016–present), which has 4 million copies in print.

</doc>
<doc id="6924060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924060" title="Russ Farwell">
Russ Farwell

Russ Farwell (born April 20, 1956) is the owner, governor, and general manager of the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League.
He is known for his stint as general manager of the Philadelphia Flyers from 1990 to 1994, during which he made a blockbuster trade with the Quebec Nordiques to acquire the rights to Eric Lindros in a package including two draft picks and several players, notably Hockey Hall of Fame center Peter Forsberg.
However, the Flyers did not qualify for the playoffs during any year Farwell was general manager posting a record of 136 wins, 150 losses, and 42 ties.

</doc>
<doc id="6924065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924065" title="Palm Tran">
Palm Tran

Palm Tran is the public transit bus system run by the Palm Beach County Government, serving Palm Beach County, Florida. In , the system had a ridership of , or about per weekday as of . Palm Tran also serves a portion of Broward County, Florida where it overlaps with Broward County Transit. Palm Tran has four main facilities (North Campus in West Palm Beach, South Campus in Delray Beach, Palm Tran Connection/Military Trail and the Belle Glade Facility) with its main headquarters in West Palm Beach on Electronics Way. The current executive director is Clinton B. Forbes.
History.
In 1971, Florida Transit Management, Inc. (a subsidiary of National City) began service with 20 buses on seven routes. In 1980, this service was expanded to over 60 buses in 22 routes, then renamed CoTran, short for "County Transportation". Finally, in 1996, CoTran was completely restructured to over 150 buses in over 30 routes, then renamed Palm Tran, its fleet repainted to the present white and teal design scheme, and has been that way since. At that time the basic design of the livery of the buses was changed from white and orange to white and teal, some of which are screen-wrapped to the logos and design of the company that sponsors those particular buses, but preserve their Palm Tran logos and bus numbers, the latter of which are assigned a four-digit number according to the year and order in which they were acquired. Also at that time, Florida Transit Management was replaced with Palm Tran Inc., a nonprofit. Palm Tran will introduce USB charging stations on its newest fleet in early 2017.
On September 30, 2018, Palm Tran implemented the first overhaul to the entire network since 1996. In addition, free Wi-Fi was added on all buses.
Future.
On April 23, 2019, The Palm Tran broke ground on an expansion project on its South County Facility in Delray Beach, Florida. The current 3,800 Square foot space will be converted into a three-story 34,000 square foot facility. The project is set to cost 25 million, 90 percent of which is federally funded. The facility will feature charging stations for their fleet of fully electric buses; along with service stations for 20 additional buses. The building will feature art by Palm Beach County's Art in Public Places Program.
Rates.
Plexiglass shields on the driver's side are in place, to reduce interaction.
The standard adult one-way fare is $2. People eligible for the reduced fare, such as students, disabled, and senior citizens, pay $1. $5 buys an unlimited 24-hour pass ($3.50 for reduced fare). Daily and 31-day unlimited ride passes are also available for purchase at Palm Tran Connection. There are 31-day unlimited passes that are available reduced or regular costing $55 and $70 respectively. Kids below 9 ride free with fare-paying rider, limit is 3.
Bus technology.
All Palm Tran buses have bicycle racks on the front, capable of holding two bikes. They are also equipped GPS and video surveillance cameras which record activity on the bus and the outer side facing the bus stops. Recently Palm Tran has equipped all fixed-route buses with automatic vehicle location technology that enables passengers to track buses and bus arrivals in real time. Palm Tran also offers real-time bus arrival information on its website or through its MyStop Mobile app, as well as on-demand through SMS. In October 2018, all 159 fixed route buses started to offer free Wi-Fi to its riders.
Palm Tran announced plans to incorporate new payment methods in addition to cash. The new upgrades will allow the service to accept credit cards and smartphone payments. The upgrade was set to cost between 5 million and 6 million dollars.
Palm Tran Connection.
Palm Tran Connection is a shared ride, door to door, paratransit service that provides transportation for residents and visitors in Palm Beach County under six programs:
Palm Tran Connection is operated by private transport companies and oversight is provided through Palm Tran. They travel to every destination in Palm Beach County – from Jupiter to Boca Raton and from Palm Beach to South Bay. Palm Tran Connection schedules all trips, prepares vehicle manifests, handles customer concerns &amp; commendations, determines eligibility, and monitors the performance of the Transportation Providers. The fare for ADA and TD is $3.50 per one way. DOSS is free to meal sites.
Route list.
Routes are divided into four regions within the county.
Main Corridor.
Main Corridor routes traverse the primary north–south surface roads of the county from Boca Raton in the south to Riviera Beach in the north.
North County.
North County routes mainly serve Palm Beach Gardens, Riviera Beach, and Jupiter.
Central County.
Central County routes serve West Palm Beach, Wellington, Lake Worth, and Belle Glade.
South County.
South County routes mainly serve the cities of Boynton Beach, Delray Beach, and Boca Raton.

</doc>
<doc id="6924070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924070" title="Conila District">
Conila District

Conila is a district of the Peruvian Luya Province of the Amazonas Region. Conila offers several attractive places for tourists such as the ruins of the culture Chachapoya. Many fruits grow in the zone.
As of 2003, Conila was the last place where Chachapoyas Quechua is still spoken by all ages.
The management holidays of the provincial capital Bribe are celebrated on June 24, and in Conila on June 16. Typical meals there are the Candy stick, the Stew and the Nickname.
In the north the Conila borders the District of Jamalca, in the East, the Saint's District Catalina and the District of Luya Viejo. In the south it borders the District of Lonya Chico and the District of Ocalli and in the west, the District of Camporredondo.

</doc>
<doc id="6924072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924072" title="Conila">
Conila



</doc>
<doc id="6924074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924074" title="Livingston Parish Public Schools">
Livingston Parish Public Schools

Livingston Parish Public Schools (LPPS) is a school district headquartered in Livingston, Louisiana, United States with 42 schools, with approximately 25,500 students enrolled for the 2012 - 2013 school year.. The district's superintendent Bill Spear retired in early 2013. John Watson was named his successor, but recently retired in 2016. Homer "Rick" Wentzel is now superintendent. There are nine districts in the school system. The Livingston Parish School system has been recognized for excelling in education in Louisiana.
The district serves all of Livingston Parish.
Schools.
This is only a partial list of schools that Livingston Parish Public Schools operates.
K-12 schools.
Zoned
Special needs school
K-5 schools.
South Live Oak Elementary used to be known as Live Oak Upper Elementary School.
K-4 schools.
Live Oak Elementary School used to be known as Live Oak Lower Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="6924075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924075" title="Lloyd Thomas">
Lloyd Thomas



</doc>
<doc id="6924077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924077" title="E3A">
E3A

E3A may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6924087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924087" title="Avenue B (Manhattan)">
Avenue B (Manhattan)

Avenue B is a north–south avenue located in the Alphabet City area of the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, east of Avenue A and west of Avenue C. It runs from Houston Street to 14th Street, where it continues into a loop road in Stuyvesant Town, to be connected with Avenue A. Below Houston Street, Avenue B continues as Clinton Street to South Street. It is the eastern border of Tompkins Square Park.
History.
The street was created by the Commissioners' Plan of 1811 as one of 16 north-south streets specified as in width, including 12 numbered avenues and four designated by letter located east of First Avenue. In 1824, prior to any construction, its width was reduced to , the standard for cross-streets, by taking from the east side. The city reasoned that the lettered avenues were "incapable of use as thoroughfares to and from the City" and could not "be considered as avenues in the proper Sense of the term."
East End Avenue.
On the Upper East Side, Avenue B reappears as East End Avenue; principally residential in character, it runs only from East 79th Street to East 90th Street through the Yorkville neighborhood. It was called Avenue B under the original Commissioners' Plan of 1811, but is no longer given that designation. Carl Schurz Park, the location of Gracie Mansion, is adjacent to the avenue at this point. In 1928, the New York City Board of Estimate ruled that development below East 84th Street was restricted to residential use.
Transportation.
Currently, there is no bus that travels on Avenue B. The M9 bus formerly used this street from East Houston Street to 14th Street. The M79 bus travels along East End Avenue from 80th Street to 79th Street.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6924092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924092" title="Ang Mo Kio Public Library">
Ang Mo Kio Public Library

Ang Mo Kio Public Library (Simplified Chinese: 宏茂桥社区图书馆) is one of the 26 public libraries established by the National Library Board of Singapore.
Located along Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6 within walking distance of Yio Chu Kang MRT station, it serves the residents of the surrounding Ang Mo Kio GRC. As a standalone two-storey building, the library is a prominent landmark in central Ang Mo Kio.
History.
Ang Mo Kio Community Library was officially opened on 17 August 1985 by Yeo Toon Chia, then Member of Parliament for Ang Mo Kio Constituency, and was opened to the public on 19 August. The library was closed in March 2002 for renovation, and was officially reopened on 5 January 2003 by Vivian Balakrishnan, then Minister of State for National Development. It was renamed as Ang Mo Kio Public Library in 2008.
Relocation.
The library is slated to move into AMK Hub in 2026, taking over the space formerly occupied by the cinema at Level 4. It will improve accessiblity and convenience to patrons and commuters as the mall is located along major public transport nodes such as the MRT station and bus interchange. Following the move, the current site will be redeveloped into a healthcare facility to complement the neighbouring polyclinic, as stated on the URA Draft Master Plan 2025.
Layout.
Covering an area of 4,277 m2, the library spans two levels and serves the residents of Ang Mo Kio GRC, which consists of Chong Boon, Ang Mo Kio, Kebun Baru and Yio Chu Kang.

</doc>
<doc id="6924094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924094" title="List of minor planets/136001–136100">
List of minor planets/136001–136100



</doc>
<doc id="6924095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924095" title="Inguilpata District">
Inguilpata District

Inguilpata is a district in the Luya Province, Peru. Inguilpata is located in the high mountains, it offers several attractive places for tourists such as the ruins of the Chachapoya culture as well as a large variety of crafts are available.

</doc>
<doc id="6924097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924097" title="Sir John Dashwood-King, 3rd Baronet">
Sir John Dashwood-King, 3rd Baronet

Sir John Dashwood-King, 3rd Baronet (4 August 1716 – 6 December 1793), was an English country gentleman. Born John Dashwood, he adopted the additional surname of King by the terms of his uncle Dr. John King's will.
Early life.
The son of Sir Francis Dashwood, 1st Baronet, by his third wife, Mary King, he was the half-brother of the infamous Francis Dashwood, 2nd Baronet. He was a member of the Hellfire Club which his brother had founded.
Career.
His principal interests lay in his lands in Wales and Lincolnshire which he had inherited from his maternal uncles. From 1753 until 1761, he served as Member of Parliament for the pocket borough of Bishop's Castle, controlled by his brother-in-law John Walcott.
He served as High Sheriff of Montgomeryshire in 1777. On the death of his half-brother in 1781 he inherited the baronetcy and West Wycombe Park, but made no significant changes there before his death in 1793.
Personal life.
In 1761, he married Sarah Moore (d. 9 April 1777), by whom he had eight children, of whom four survived him:
Sir John died on 6 December 1793 and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his eldest surviving son, John.

</doc>
<doc id="6924098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924098" title="Baryshivka Raion">
Baryshivka Raion

Baryshivka Raion (, translit.: "Baryshivs’kyi raion") was a raion in east-central Kyiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Baryshivka. The raions area totaled 957.6 km². The raion was formerly known as "Baryshivska Rairada" from 1923 to 1963. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Baryshivka Raion was merged into Brovary Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
Geography.
Baryshivka Raion was located in the east-central area of Kyiv Oblast, and had a total area of 957.6 km² ("about 3.46 % of the total oblast's territory").
Water covered about 10 km² of raion. Through the raion flowed the tributaries of the Dnieper: Trubizh, Krasylivka, Ilta, and the Nedra rivers. Baryshivka Raion bordered the following raions: Boryspil and Yahotyn raions of Kyiv Oblast on the west, Yahotyn raion on the east, Zghurivka raion of Kyiv Oblast and Bobrovytsia raion of Chernihiv Oblast on the north, and Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi raion on the south.
Demographics.
The urban population of Baryshivka Raion included 11,300 people, and rural population included 29,700 people. The number of pensioners totaled 12,800, about 31.1% of the total population of the raion. The density of the raion's population was 42.9 p/km². The birth rate for the raion was 4 children per 1,000 inhabitants, and the mortality rate is 15 people per 1,000 inhabitants.
The ethnic composition was: Ukrainians 38,700 people ("94.2 %"), Russians 2,000 people ("4.8 %"), Belarusians 200 people ("0.5 %") and others combined total 200 people ("0.5 %").
Subdivisions.
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Baryshivka settlement hromada with the administration in the urban-type settlement of Baryshivka.
Baryshivka Raion consisted of 1 urban-type settlement ("selyshche mis’koho typu"), Baryshivka; and 38 villages ("selo"). The settlements of Baryshivka Raion were:

</doc>
<doc id="6924103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924103" title="Inguilpata">
Inguilpata



</doc>
<doc id="6924105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924105" title="Koji Inada">
Koji Inada

 is a Japanese manga artist. He graduated from Tokyo Metropolitan College of Aeronautical Engineering. He is best known for "" (1989–1996), which he created with writer Riku Sanjo and is one of the best-selling manga in history with over 50 million copies sold. The two also created "Beet the Vandel Buster" (2002–2006, 2016–present), which has 4 million copies in print.
Career.
Koji Inada became interested in manga in middle school through "Ashita no Joe". He read Shotaro Ishinomori's "Mangaka Nyumon", and was drawing a lot of manga and submitting them to contests by the time he entered high school. At his parents' suggestion, he attended a technical college to become an engineer and eventually stopped drawing manga. But when he graduated and was about to find a job, he changed his mind and decided to become a manga artist. After approaching "Weekly Shōnen Jump", Kazuhiko Torishima became his editor. Believing he had great compositional skills and that his art style had warmth, Torishima thought Inada could get serialized with a love story, but this never happened. Instead, he worked as an assistant to Masakazu Katsura and his own one-shots were collected and published as "Kusottare Dazee!!" in 1988.
While waiting for "Dragon Quest IV" to be made, Torishima had the idea to create an original manga based on the video game franchise and tapped Riku Sanjo to write it. When the artist he originally planned to have illustrate the work turned it down, Torishima offered Inada the job. Inada also initially turned it down as he was dead set on creating his own original series, but accepted when Torishima threatened to drop him if he passed on the job. Initially, the work was a two-part one-shot titled "Gush! Gulp!", which was then followed by the three part one-shot "Dai o' Might!!!". Due to their reception, a serialization was approved and "" began in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in October 1989. It continued until 1996 and has sold over 50 million copies, making it one of the best-selling manga in history.
Inada and Sanjo continued to work together, and started "Beet the Vandel Buster" in "Monthly Shōnen Jump" in 2002. Inada became ill in September 2006, which led to a lengthy hiatus for the series from volume 12. "Beet" briefly returned in 2016 in "Jump SQ.Crown", as "Monthly Shōnen Jump" had been discontinued. It fully resumed two years later, being serialized in "Jump SQ.Rise" since 2018. It has over 4 million copies in print.
Inada designed the characters Meiro and Damudo for the 2020 arcade game "Dragon Quest: The Adventure of Dai – Xross Blade".

</doc>
<doc id="6924107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924107" title="List of minor planets/136101–136200">
List of minor planets/136101–136200



</doc>
<doc id="6924113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924113" title="Ian Johnson (businessman)">
Ian Johnson (businessman)

Ian Johnson (March 1949 – 26 June 2019) was an Australian businessman.
Originally a long-time senior executive at the Nine Network (GTV-9), in October 2003 Johnson moved to the Seven Network to become managing director of Channel Seven Melbourne.
Johnson died in June 2019 aged 70.

</doc>
<doc id="6924117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924117" title="List of minor planets/136201–136300">
List of minor planets/136201–136300



</doc>
<doc id="6924120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924120" title="Bila Tserkva Raion">
Bila Tserkva Raion

Bila Tserkva Raion () is a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is the city of Bila Tserkva. Population: .
On 18 July 2020, as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast was reduced to seven, and the area of Bila Tserkva Raion was significantly expanded. Six abolished raions, Rokytne, Skvyra, Stavyshche, Tarashcha, Tetiiv, and Volodarka Raions, as well as the city of Bila Tserkva, which was previously incorporated as a city of oblast significance and did not belong to the raion, and parts of Bohuslav and Vasylkiv Raions, were merged into Bila Tserkva Raion. The area of the raion before the reform was . The January 2020 estimate of the raion population was 
Subdivisions.
Current.
After the reform in July 2020, the raion consisted of 13 hromadas:
Before 2020.
Before the 2020 reform, the raion consisted of three hromadas, 
Notable buildings.
Various monuments of architecture located within the raion's territory include:
Notable residents.
Famous people from the territory that is now known as the Bilotserkivskyi Raion include:

</doc>
<doc id="6924121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924121" title="Lamud (Peru)">
Lamud (Peru)



</doc>
<doc id="6924127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924127" title="Bohuslav Raion">
Bohuslav Raion

Bohuslav Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the city of Bohuslav. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Bohuslav Raion was split between Bila Tserkva and Obukhiv Raions. The last estimate of the raion population was .
Subdivisions.
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of two hromadas, 
Bohuslav raion consisted of 1 city (Bohuslav), and 40 villages. The villages of Bohuslav raion included:

</doc>
<doc id="6924130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924130" title="List of minor planets/136301–136400">
List of minor planets/136301–136400



</doc>
<doc id="6924132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924132" title="Boryspil Raion">
Boryspil Raion

Boryspil Raion () is an administrative raion (district) in east-central Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is the city of Boryspil. Population: 
On 18 July 2020, as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast was reduced to seven, and the area of Boryspil Raion was significantly expanded. Two abolished raions, Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi and Yahotyn Raions, as well as the cities of Boryspil and Pereiaslav, which were previously incorporated as cities of oblast significance and did not belong to the raion, were merged into Boryspil Raion. The area of the raion before the reform was . The January 2020 estimate of the raion population was 
Geography.
The Boryspil raion is located in the east-central area of the Kyiv Oblast, and has a total area of 146 km2.
On the raion's southern border flows the Dnieper River ("Dnipro"). Near the river, the raion's lowest elevation points are located. Other rivers that flow through the raion include: the left tributaries of the Dnieper: Pavlivka, Mlen, Ikva, and the right tributaries of the Trubizh River: Bochechky, Karan', Vohnyscha, Krasylivka, Al'ta, and Il'tytsia. All of the raion's rivers flow through the low-elevation territory, making all of the rivers flow more slowly. The rivers take their sources from winter snowfalls and seasonal rains. On the southernmost border of the raion is the Kaniv Reservoir, which provides electric supply to nearby areas.
Forests cover about 150 km2 of the raion's 146 km2 area.
Demographics.
The Boryspil raion's total population is 53,483, which includes 23,400 males, and 30,080 females. The number of pensioners totals 16,300, about 33.6% of the total population of the raion. The density of the raion's population is 364 p/km2.
The national ethnic composition is: Ukrainians (95.2%), Russians (3.8%), Belarusians (0.3%) and Moldovans (0.1%).
Culture.
Within the Boryspil raion operates a musical school for children (in the village of "Schastlyve"), a school of art (in the village of "Velyka Oleksandrivka") Also, a couple of educational schools operate on the territory of the raion:
A festival ("Argo" and "Kyiv's fall"; ), is held two times a year within the village of "Chubynske". Within the village of "Revne", is a reserved retirement village for veterans of wars. In addition, living quarters are reserved for children of homeless children and children of poor families in the villages of "Revne", "Abaievykh", and "Stare".
Subdivisions.
Current.
After the reform in July 2020, the raion consisted of 11 hromadas:
Before 2020.
Before the 2020 reform, the raion consisted of four hromadas, 
Previously, it consisted of 20 rural councils that contained 43 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="6924133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924133" title="Fictional history of the Ultraverse">
Fictional history of the Ultraverse



</doc>
<doc id="6924135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924135" title="Rutgers University student organizations">
Rutgers University student organizations



</doc>
<doc id="6924136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924136" title="Wes Gallagher">
Wes Gallagher

Wes Gallagher (October 5, 1911 – October 11, 1997) was an American journalist for the Associated Press. He worked as a reporter during World War II. He died in Santa Barbara, California.
College and early career.
James Wesley Gallagher was born October 5, 1911, to James Gallaher and Crispa (Nelson), in California and stayed there for his some of his post-secondary education. He attended Santa Cruz High School, graduating in 1928, and then enrolled at University of San Francisco. Eventually he departed for the campus of Louisiana State University.
In 1937 he joined the Associated Press at their Buffalo bureau after spending time in the employ of the "Baton Rouge Morning Advocate" and "State Times." While at the State Times he covered the assassination of Huey P. Long.
Work during WWII.
During the war Gallagher covered North Africa and Europe for the AP. In 1940 the AP sent him to Copenhagen just in time to witness the Nazi invasion of Denmark. Reporting on the war he covered the Allied invasion of North Africa in 1942, also served in Greece, the Balkans, and Austria.
Gallagher was recalled to the New York bureau in 1951.
Post-war work.
In 1945, freshly returned from the combat zones in Europe and Africa, Gallagher was appointed to head AP operations in Germany. He helped oversee the launching of AP's German News Service, based in Frankfurt which was instrumental in helping the German media rebuild after the war. In 1946 Gallagher covered the Nazi war crime trials at Nuremberg. He outscooped his rivals on the verdicts by dashing 100 yards to where his wife, Betty, waited with an open phoneline. He led the Nuremberg coverage for the AP along with Pulitzer Prize winners Dan DeLuce and Louis P. Lochner.
In 1954 he was appointed Assistant General Manager of the AP, a position he retained until Frank J. Starzel retired as General Manager in 1962. The AP board of directors chose Gallagher to take over the post. One of the duties he fulfilled as General Manager was to write the dedication for each of the annuals the AP produced for the years 1964-78, as well as for other AP publications such as "The Instant It Happened", a collection of famous journalistic photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="6924138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924138" title="List of minor planets/136401–136500">
List of minor planets/136401–136500



</doc>
<doc id="6924140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924140" title="Borodianka Raion">
Borodianka Raion

Borodianka Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Borodianka. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Borodianka Raion was merged into the newly created Bucha Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
Subdivisions.
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of three hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924141" title="Indexing service">
Indexing service



</doc>
<doc id="6924143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924143" title="List of minor planets/136501–136600">
List of minor planets/136501–136600



</doc>
<doc id="6924145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924145" title="Nisha Ganatra">
Nisha Ganatra

Nisha Ganatra (born June 25, 1974) is a Canadian-American film director, screenwriter, producer, and actress of Indian descent. She wrote, directed, and produced the independent comedy drama "Chutney Popcorn" (1999) and later directed the independent film "Cosmopolitan" (2003) and the romantic-comedy "Cake" (2005). Ganatra has directed for numerous television shows, including "The Real World, Transparent, You Me Her, Better Things," and "Brooklyn Nine-Nine". She also directed the comedy-dramas "Late Night" (2019) and "The High Note" (2020). Ganatra served as a consulting producer on the first season of "Transparent," for which she was nominated for the 2015 Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Comedy Series.
Early life and education.
Ganatra explored her interest in film through acting and then decided to make the switch to pursue film-making as she wanted to effect cultural change.
Ganatra began her film-making journey by studying at The University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). Though she wasn't studying film, she explored her interest by sneaking into screenwriting classes which eventually led her to creating short films.
She moved to New York City to pursue a film degree at New York University Film School (NYU). During her time there, she created a short film "Junky Punky Girlz" (1997) which won NYU's Tisch Fellowship and most outstanding short film from PBS. Ganatra graduated from the New York University (NYU) Tisch School of the Arts.
Career.
While in film school, Ganatra directed several episodes of MTV's long-running television series "The Real World in 2001." Prior to this she had written and directed two shorts and her independent film "Chutney Popcorn" (1999).
Ganatra is part of a mentorship program with NBC which seeks to provide talented female directors with the same opportunities as their male counterparts. This program selects female directors to be given the opportunity to shadow up to three episodes of an NBC series. The participants will then be able to direct at least one episode of the series in which she has been shadowing.
When Ganatra was on the hunt for a cinematographer, she began to notice that the men's reels were far superior compared to the women's reels. As a female director herself, she was accustomed to being overlooked in the hiring process in favor of men. She realized that the men had better reels not because they were more talented, but instead, because they had been given bigger budgets, better equipment, larger crews, and elaborate productions. This motivated Ganatra to hire a female cinematographer and strive to hire female crews. In 2020, it was reported that ABC had put into development a single-camera matchmaking comedy written, directed, and produced by Ganatra.
Personal life.
Ganatra is a lesbian.
Filmography.
Short film
Film.
Director
Actor
Television.
TV movies
Field producer

</doc>
<doc id="6924146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924146" title="Brovary Raion">
Brovary Raion

Brovary Raion () is a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is the town of Brovary. Its population is 
History.
In 1923, Brovary Raion was established with its center in Brovary. In 1930, the raion was reworked, with its center moved to Velyka Dymerka. In 1937, this change was undone, and the center was moved back to Brovary.
Brovary was designated a city of oblast significance in 1972 - meaning that while Brovary still served as the administrative center of Brovary Raion, it was no longer subordinated to it, instead being directly subordinated to the government of Kyiv Oblast. This slightly decreased the territory of the raion.
On 18 July 2020, as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast was reduced to seven, and the area of Brovary Raion was significantly expanded. Two abolished raions, Baryshivka and Zghurivka Raions, as well as the cities of Berezan and Brovary, which were previously incorporated as a city of oblast significance and did not belong to the raion, were merged into Brovary Raion. The January 2020 estimate of the raion population was 
Starting on 1 March 2022, the area of Brovary Raion became an arena of hostilities between the Ukrainian army and Russian occupation forces. Battles were fought on the territory of Baryshivka, Kalyta, and Velyka Dymerka hromadas. Residents of the surrounding villages were evacuated to Brovary. Three civilians were murdered by the Russian troops in the village of Bohdanivka of Brovary Raion.
Subdivisions.
Current.
After the reform in July 2020, the raion consisted of 8 hromadas:
Before 2020.
Before the 2020 reform, the raion consisted of four hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924147" title="John Sergeant (priest)">
John Sergeant (priest)

John Sergeant (1621–1707 or 1710) was an English Roman Catholic priest, controversialist and theologian.
Life.
He was a son of William Sergeant, a yeoman in Barrow-upon-Humber, Lincolnshire, and was admitted in 1639 as a sub-sizar at St John's College, Cambridge, graduating in 1643. On the recommendation of William Beale he was appointed secretary to Thomas Morton, the Anglican Bishop of Durham, time he spent on transcriptions of the Church Fathers. A year or so later, he converted to Catholicism as result of his studies.
He subsequently moved to the English College, Lisbon. He studied theology and in 1650 was ordained as a Catholic priest. He subsequently taught at the college until 1652, when he became procurator and prefect of studies. From 1653 to 1654, he worked as a priest in England before returning to Lisbon where he resumed his earlier work and taught philosophy. In 1655 he was elected canon and appointed as secretary. For the next twenty years he was actively engaged in controversy, both with Anglicans such as the bishops Edward Stillingfleet and John Tillotson, and Catholics who differed from Thomas White.
At the time of the Oates Plot he entered into communication with the Privy Council which greatly scandalized the Catholics. This arose from his opposition to Jesuit influence in the English Catholic Church. He avoided arrest by passing as a physician under the names of Dodd, Holland, and Smith. There is an original painting of him at Ushaw College, in Durham.
Works.
He was reportedly difficult to work with, saying and writing many things that offended even his co-religionists. He was a voluminous writer, leaving over fifty works, either published or in manuscript.
His three philosophical works, written late in life, were:
1. "The Method to Science". London, 1696.
2. "Solid Philosophy Asserted, Against the Fancies of the Ideists: or, The Method to Science Farther Illustrated. With Reflexions on Mr. Locke's Essay Concerning Human Understanding". London, 1697.
3. "Transnatural Philosophy, or Metaphysicks: Demonstrating the Essences and Operations of all Beings whatever, which gives the Principles to all other Sciences. And shewing the perfect Conformity of Christian Faith to Right Reason, and the Unreason ableness of Atheists, Deists, Anti-trinitarians, and other Sectaries". London, 1700.

</doc>
<doc id="6924148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924148" title="Longuita District">
Longuita District

Longuita is a district of the province of Luya. Longuita is located in the high mountain. Longuita offers several attractive places for tourists as ruins of the culture Chachapoya. To come to Longuita a car takes in the city of Chachapoyas.
The management holidays of the capital Longuita are celebrated from October 4 until October 10, the holidays of San Miguel and San Francisco. As typical meals there is known the Purtumote, the Nickname, the Locro, the cuy with dads and the piquant one of candy stick between others.
The District of Longuita belongs to the parroquía of Magdalena's District (Chachapoyas).
In the north the District of Longuita has border with the District of Colcamar, in the East with the District of Tingo, in the southeast with Maria's District, in the west with the District of Pisuquía and in the northwest with the District of Ocumal.

</doc>
<doc id="6924151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924151" title="Born Again Pagans">
Born Again Pagans

Born Again Pagans is an extended play attributed to Coil vs. ELpH. "ELpH" is a name Coil attributed to a spiritual entity they felt was communicating with them during recording.
Background.
In the CD booklet track one is attributed to Coil and tracks two, three and four are attributed to ELpH. "Protection" is supposed to be the single for the "forthcoming double CD compilation the "Sound of Music"" due "Spring 1995". However the "Sound of Music", a proposed compilation of Coil's soundtrack work, was never released. Recreated versions of the song "Protection" were released as "Simenon" and "Bee Has the Photos" on the "Backwards" demo. Three official alternate versions of the song "Protection" have also surfaced as bootlegs. Their track timings are: 13:26, 4:36, and 6:28.
"Glimpse" is a version of ".
" was later released with added vox vocals, on the ELpH single "".
A remix of titled "Philm (Sleeper Mix By COH)" appeared on the CoH album, "Москве".
The catalogue number is Eskaton 002.

</doc>
<doc id="6924152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924152" title="Longuita">
Longuita



</doc>
<doc id="6924153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924153" title="Greek cruiser Elli (1935)">
Greek cruiser Elli (1935)



</doc>
<doc id="6924160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924160" title="Fastiv Raion">
Fastiv Raion

Fastiv Raion () is a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is the city of Fastiv. Population: 
On 18 July 2020, as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast was reduced to seven, and the area of Fastiv Raion was significantly expanded. The January 2020 estimate of the raion population was 
Subdivisions.
Current.
After the reform in July 2020, the raion consisted of 10 hromadas:
Before 2020.
Before the 2020 reform, the raion consisted of two hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924168" title="Ivankiv Raion">
Ivankiv Raion

Ivankiv Raion () was a raion (district) of Kyiv Oblast in Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Ivankiv. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. With that change, the area of Ivankiv Raion was merged into Vyshhorod Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was 
Overview.
The raion expanded in 1986 after the disestablishment of the Chernobyl Raion due to the Chernobyl disaster. Henceforth Ivankiv Raion administered the former territory of the depopulated region that is majorly part of the zone of alienation and supervised by the State Emergency Service of Ukraine.
Subdivisions.
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Ivankiv settlement hromada with the administration in Ivankiv.

</doc>
<doc id="6924170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924170" title="Lonya Chico district">
Lonya Chico district

Lonya Chico is a district of the province of Luya, in the Amazonas region of Peru. Several ruins of the Chachapoya culture are located in the area.
The capital of the district, also called Lonya Chico, celebrates the day of its patron saint, Saint Lucy, on August 15.
In the north, the district borders the districts of Luya and Luya Viejo, in the east the district of Chachapoyas, in the south the district of Inguilpata, and in the west the district of Conila.
In 2018, Lonya Chico had the highest average number of crops grown per farmer in the highland region of Peru, with 4.75 crops on average. Agricultural production in Lonya Chico includes growing alfalfa and breeding guinea pigs.

</doc>
<doc id="6924171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924171" title="Verlyn Klinkenborg">
Verlyn Klinkenborg

Verlyn Klinkenborg (born 1952 in Meeker, Colorado) is an American non-fiction author, academic, and former newspaper editor, known for his writings on rural America.
Early life and education.
Klinkenborg was born in Meeker, Colorado, and raised on a farm in Iowa. He attended elementary school in Clarion, Iowa, until the sixth grade before his family relocated to Osage, Iowa. His family then moved to Sacramento, California.
Klinkenborg attended the University of California, Berkeley before earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in English literature from Pomona College. He then earned a Ph.D from Princeton University, also in English literature.
Career.
Klinkenborg taught literature and creative writing at Fordham University while living in The Bronx in the early to mid-1980s. He later taught at St. Olaf College, Bennington College, Sarah Lawrence College, Bard College, and Harvard University. In 1991, he received the Lila Wallace–Reader's Digest Writer's Award and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship.
Klinkenborg's books include "More Scenes from the Rural Life" (Princeton Architectural Press), "Making Hay" and "The Last Fine Time".
His book "Timothy; or, Notes of an Abject Reptile" concerns the tortoise which the English eighteenth century parson-naturalist Gilbert White inherited from his aunt, as described in his 1789 book "The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne". In the first half of 2006, Klinkenborg posted a farm and garden blog about The Rural Life, consisting of entries from the daily journal kept by Gilbert White in Selborne in 1784, and his own complementary daily entries.
From 1997 to 2013, he was a member of the editorial board of "The New York Times".
Klinkenborg has published articles in "The New Yorker", "The New York Review of Books", "Harper's Magazine", "Esquire", "National Geographic" and "Mother Jones" magazines.
He has written a series of editorial opinions in "The New York Times"; these are generally literary meditations on rural farm life. On December 26, 2013, he announced in that column that it was to be the last he would be writing in that space.
From 2006 to 2007, he was a visiting writer-in-residence at Pomona College, where he taught nonfiction writing. In 2007, he received a Guggenheim fellowship, which funded his book "The Mermaids of Lapland", about William Cobbett. In 2012, he published “Several Short Sentences About Writing”.
He currently teaches creative writing at Yale University and lives on a small farm in Upstate New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6924173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924173" title="Lonya Chico">
Lonya Chico



</doc>
<doc id="6924177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924177" title="Kaharlyk Raion">
Kaharlyk Raion

Kaharlyk Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the city of Kaharlyk. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions in Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Kaharlyk Raion was merged into Obukhiv Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Kaharlyk urban hromada with the administration in Kaharlyk.

</doc>
<doc id="6924184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924184" title="Melville Nimmer">
Melville Nimmer

Melville Bernard Nimmer (June 6, 1923 – November 23, 1985) was an American lawyer and law professor, renowned as an expert in freedom of speech and United States copyright law.
Nimmer graduated from UCLA, UC Berkeley, and Harvard Law School. He was admitted to the California State Bar in January 1951. He was professor at the UCLA School of Law from 1962. One year later, he published the two-volume treatise that would become the leading secondary source on copyright law, "Nimmer on Copyright". In 1984, he published a one-volume treatise on freedom of speech, titled appropriately "Nimmer on Freedom of Speech: Treatise on Theory of First Amendment".
As a lawyer, he was best known as the winning attorney in the 1971 case "Cohen v. California". In "Cohen", the Supreme Court of the United States, by a 5–4 vote in an opinion written by Justice Harlan, held that a state cannot criminalize speech absent a "particularized and compelling reason." The Court struck down the conviction of a 19-year-old man who had walked into the Los Angeles courthouse with a jacket reading "Fuck the Draft." "Cohen" became one of the leading cases interpreting the First Amendment to the United States Constitution protection of freedom of speech.
Melville Nimmer is the father of David Nimmer, himself a legal academic, who has made some revisions to the original version of "Nimmer on Copyright".

</doc>
<doc id="6924185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924185" title="Wamp Wamp">
Wamp Wamp



</doc>
<doc id="6924187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924187" title="Tiffany Patteron">
Tiffany Patteron



</doc>
<doc id="6924188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924188" title="Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion">
Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion

Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine, adjacent to the city of Kyiv which served as the administrative center for the raion. The city of Kyiv itself did not belong to the raion. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion was split between Bucha, Fastiv, and Obukhiv Raions. The last estimate of the raion population was .
The raion was situated just to the west of the city of Kyiv, and should not be confused with the Sviatoshyn District of Kyiv city, which it bordered and where its administration was located. The raion's name related to the historical area and woodland of Sviatoshyn, which currently is located with the city limits of Kyiv.
Geography.
Most of the Raion was located within the Polesie lowland, while its southeastern portion belonged to the Dnieper Upland. The woodland area of the raion covered and the agricultural land area covered . Several areas of nature conservation were located there, including Zhornivskyi (ornithological) Reserve and Zhukiv Khutir (dendrological).
Subdivisions.
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of eight hromadas: 
History.
Established in 1937, Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion bordered Borodianka Raion and Vyshhorod Raion to the north, Vasylkiv Raion and Obukhiv Raion to the south, Makariv Raion to the west, and with the city of Kyiv to the east.
In the 1960s, the urban area of the raion to the north around the city of Irpin was divided into a separate administrative unit known as a city of regional significance, Irpin and includes a number of other urban settlements. The Irpin city of regional significance is known for its Antonov Aviation Center, located in Hostomel, where the Hostomel Airport is located.
On 25 February 2022, one day after the beginning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Battle of Kyiv started. 
On 2 April, Ukrainian authorities claimed that the entire Kyiv region had been recaptured.
Economy and infrastructure.
In all areas of industry 36,872 persons were employed, including: manufacturing industry – 8494, agrarian industry – 3,614 people, government – 918 people in other areas – 23,846 people.
The raion had companies of such industries like light, food, chemical and petroleum, manufacturing various non-metal mineral products, metallurgy, engineering, and other manufacturing and machine maintenance.
There were number of research centers, including the Research and Design Bureau of General Aviation, the Naftogaz Ukrayiny research institute of petro-gas industry, and others.
Agrarian industry.
The agrarian industry was among the leading in the raion and possibly for that purpose there were number of agricultural research centers such as NAASU Institute of Land Cultivation, NAASU Institute of Gardening, Kyiv regional technical and planning center in ensuring of soil fertility and products quality, Boyarka Forest Research Station, and many others. The agrarian industry specialized in growing of grain, vegetables, production of meat and dairy.
In the area there were 28 agricultural enterprises, including: NDVAK "Pushcha Voditsa" (Kyiv), ALLC AF "Bilogorodka" (v. Bilogorodka), ALLC "Buzivske" (v. Buzova) ALLC AK "Tarasivska "(v. Tarasivka) ALLC AK" Hotivskyy "(v.Khotiv), ALLC" Ahrolend "(v. Shpitki), JV" Bucha "(v. Gostomel) Ltd AF" Knyazhychi "(v. Knyazhychi) Ltd. Firm "Kryukivschyna" (v. Kryukivschyna), SGK "Rubezhivskyy" (v. Michalivska Rubezhivka), PE "Amaranth-Agro" (v. Dmitrovka) PDP "Gito" (v. Gorenichi) PDP "Shevchenko" (v. Gorenichi), PE "Agrosvit" (v. Novosilky) Ltd AF "Ahroma" (v. Petropavlivska Borschagivka), OJSC "Kyiv vegetable factory" (Kyiv), OJSC "Plodorozsadnytske" (v. Petrivske), JSC "Zabir'ya "(v. Zabir'ya), JSC" ornamental culture "(Boyarka) DG" Dmitrovka "(v. Dmitrovka) DG" Novosilky "(v. Novosilky) DG" Chabany "( Chabany ), NDH "Vorzel" (Vorzel) SSE "Chaika" branch "Lisne" (v. Lisne), auxiliary facilities "Bobritsa" (v. Bobritsa) Branch "Antonov – Agro" DPANTK named by Antonov (island Kruglik).
Education and healthcare.
Education and healthcare sectors as throughout Ukraine are controlled majorly by government.
Education in the district was represented by the one higher education institution of I-II levels of accreditation and 38 day schools of general (the number of students – 14 061), 37 pre-school institutions (number of children – 4912), 5 children's post-school institutions (involved 6,196 children)
Medicine
In the area there were 44 medical institutions (clinics, ambulatories, health centers), 6 precinct hospitals, 1 city, 1 District, 17 primary health centers. Of the health of residents cared about 3500 workers.
Infrastructure.
The population of the raion's settlements was small. Among the biggest populated places were the cities of Boyarka and Vyshneve which do not exceed 40,000 residents each. The rest of the settlements have a population of 5,000 or less. The urban sprawl of Kyiv infringes into the raion and many settlements while categorized as villages have residential clusters with multi-story panel-houses of the Soviet or Soviet-like design. With the ongoing demographic crisis in Ukraine, Kyiv and its vicinities among which is the Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion experiencing an increase in population which is related to the Russian-Ukrainian armed conflict (see Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014–present)).
The raion has adequately developed transportation infrastructure. Through the Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion passes a number of national routes Kyiv–Lviv and Kyiv–Odesa. The railway network belongs to the Southwestern Railways of Ukraine. Many cities near Kyiv were developed around rail stations among which are Irpin, Vyshneve, and others. Beside the Hostomel Airport, there are a number of smaller airfields throughout the Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion.
In a dacha settlement of Chaika, which is situated in Petropavlivska Borshchahivka, is located a big sports complex consisting of a sports field for association football, car racing track, and others. There have been some attempts to establish professional football clubs in Boyarka (Inter) and Vyshneve (Transimpeks), yet most of them failed so far.
Tourism.
The raion had a number of historical landmarks related to the history of the Kyiv region. In the village of Shpytky, there were remnants of Tereshchenko estate which belonged to the family of Ukrainian (Little Russian) entrepreneurs of Imperial Russia. Near the village of Bilhorodka, there was an archaeological excavation which is believed to be related to the legendary city of Bilhorod, which is mentioned in chronicles as Bilhorod Kyivskyi. Throughout the raion, there were remnants of the Soviet fortified district (so called Kyiv Ukrip-Raion) in the form of so-called the "Long-term Defense Points" (DOTs, see Pillbox (military)). Many of them were simply left by the Stalinist troops during the 1941 battle of Kyiv (also known as the Kyiv Cauldron).
Administration.
The raion administration consisted of legislative, executive and judicial branches of government.
The legislation was represented by the Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion council.
The executive authorities were represented by the Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion State Administration.
The judicial branch was represented by a local district court.

</doc>
<doc id="6924190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924190" title="BlackLight Power, Inc.">
BlackLight Power, Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="6924192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924192" title="1945 VFL grand final">
1945 VFL grand final

The 1945 VFL grand final was an Australian rules football game contested between the South Melbourne Football Club and Carlton Football Club, held at Princes Park in Melbourne on 29 September 1945. It was the 47th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1945 VFL season. The match, attended by 62,986 spectators, was won by Carlton by a margin of 28 points, marking that club's seventh premiership victory.
The game was noted and remembered for its rough play and a number of violent incidents, out of which seven players were suspended. It has continued to be remembered as one of the roughest games in the league's history, giving rise to its nickname, the Bloodbath.
Background.
Played only shortly after the conclusion of the second World War, the 1945 grand final was the first played in peace time since 1938. The league's normal finals venue, the Melbourne Cricket Ground, remained unavailable as it was still set up for military use, as it had been for the previous four years. As in 1942 and 1943, the league opted to play the finals series, including the grand final, at 's home venue, Princes Park, preferring it to the lower capacity St Kilda Cricket Ground which had hosted in 1944. Additional terraces were installed at the ground during August, to increase the official capacity to 62,800. The gates were closed at the opening bounce with an official attendance of 62,986, which is an enduring record attendance for the venue.
 finished the home-and-away season as minor premiers with a 16–4 record, having sat atop the ladder continuously since Round 3. The club qualified for the grand final with an 11-point win against in the second semi-final. It was the club's first grand final appearance since it had contested four in a row from 1933 to 1936.
In contrast, 's season had commenced with three straight losses, and the club sat 9th with a 3–6 record after nine rounds. But, it won nine of its last ten home-and-away matches to qualify for the finals in fourth place with a 13–7 record. The club had a dominant win against in the first semi final, leading by as much as 60 points before winning by 26. Then, in a rough and violent preliminary final against , Carlton staged a huge comeback, trailing by 34 points early in the final quarter before kicking the last seven goals to win by ten points. It was Carlton's first grand final appearance since its victory in 1938.
Game summary.
First quarter.
Bob Chitty won the toss for Carlton and kicked with the breeze to the Lygon St end of the ground. Weather conditions to start the game were dry but blustery, and the quality of play was poor, with many players fumbling and few marks taken. Carlton had the most attacking chances through the first part of the quarter, and Ken Baxter scored Carlton's first goal from a turnover. After fifteen minutes of play, Carlton scored again, Price converting a free kick from 60 metres. South Melbourne had several attacking chances over the rest of the quarter, but managed only behinds; and, at quarter time, Carlton held an 11-point advantage, 2.4 (16) to 0.5 (5).
Overall, South Melbourne had the better of the first quarter, holding Carlton's advantage with the wind and limiting the Blues' attacking opportunities, but Carlton's backline was strong to keep South Melbourne goalless. Carlton half-forward flanker Lance Collins injured his ankle during the quarter, and he moved to the forward-line where he had little impact.
Second quarter.
Ken Hands kicked the first goal of the second quarter to extend Carlton's advantage, before repeated South Melbourne attacks with the wind and smart play saw South kick the game's next four goals – to Keith Smith after capitalising on a fumble by Carlton defender Arthur Sanger, then Laurie Nash who collected a long kick which flew over the marking pack, then Reg Richards, and finally Vic Castles who roved a boundary throw-in. Baxter kicked a goal for Carlton from a scrimmage, then Castles kicked his second goal in open play to restore South Melbourne's 7-point advantage, 5.6 (36) to 4.5 (29).
At this point, two incidents broke out. South Melbourne's youngest player, 17-year-old Ron Clegg, was knocked down by Bob Chitty, unsighted by the umpire; Carlton's Rod McLean and South Melbourne's Jack Williams shaped up as if to fight, before umpire Spokes broke them up and reported Williams. Then, Chitty knocked down South Melbourne's next youngest player, 19-year-old Bill Williams, and was this time reported. South Melbourne attacked first after the stoppage, but managed only two behinds, before Carlton kicked three consecutive goals from general play – by Jim Mooring, Jack Bennett and Mick Price – to take an eight-point lead shortly before half time.
After the goal, another incident broke out after Carlton's youngest player, 18-year-old Ken Hands, was knocked down behind play. Carlton players remonstrated with Jack Williams, and Spokes once again held up play as police entered the arena to assist with breaking up the fight. No players were reported in the fracas, and South Melbourne's Brian Kelly limped from the ground with a cartilage injury, replaced by Ron Hartridge. With players still out of position following the restart of play, South Melbourne cleared and Vic Castles scored his third goal of the quarter straight off the centre bounce, right before the half time bell. Carlton led by two points, 7.5 (47) to 6.9 (45).
Clearly divergent tactics had emerged, with Carlton utilising its strong spine by playing long and direct down the congested centre of the ground, and South Melbourne utilising the less congested wings and flanks to attack with a shorter passing game.
Third quarter.
Heavy rain began falling at half time, and fell throughout most of the remainder of the game. At half time, Carlton substituted the injured Collins for Charlie McInnes. Hands, who was concussed after the incident near half time and had to be helped from the ground, returned to the game, but was unable to remember much of the game after it was finished.
South Melbourne scored the first goal of the quarter, Nash kicking a set shot from a short pass, to give South Melbourne a four-point lead. Carlton then took control, scoring the next 27 points in the game. Hands kicked his second goal, then Ron Savage kicked one from a tight scrimmage at the goal face, then Hands scored again from a spilled pack mark. When Price kicked his third goal, Carlton had extended the advantage to 23 points. Alan Linden scored a goal for South Melbourne from a holding the ball free kick, but this was soon after answered by Carlton's Jim Mooring. Kicking five goals to two in the quarter, Carlton went to three quarter time ahead by 23 points, 12.9 (81) to 8.10 (58).
Carlton took firm control of the play in the quarter, playing more surely and with less fumbling than in the first half despite the conditions. On the other hand, South Melbourne's shorter passing game was less effective in the rain. The play remained rough, but there were no serious incidents during the quarter.
Final quarter.
Rain continued to fall. As the quarter began, Chitty was put down in an incident with Nash; Spokes again held up play and police entered the field to break up any potential disturbance. Carlton kicked an early behind, before South Melbourne rebounded from the kick-in ending in Alan Linden's second goal. South attacked strongly, but after ten minutes, Carlton's Clinton Wines kicked a goal after catching Don Grossman holding the ball, and the margin was extended back to 23 points.
Soon after, the game's biggest melee erupted: Mooring was put down by Grossman, and Clegg was put down by Hands before multiple players, trainers and spectators joined the fray; among the spectators was Carlton's Fred Fitzgibbon, who was in the outer having been suspended for striking in the preliminary final. Police attempted to break up the melee, and also removed Fitzgibbon from the arena, while the umpires made reports. Within the fight, South Melbourne live wire Ted Whitfield was reported for attempting to strike goal umpire Les Whyte; and, as the umpires reported him, he lifted his guernsey and ran away to attempt to conceal his number. Spokes once again held up play until the melee finished.
South Melbourne attacked strongly to mount an attempted comeback in the aftermath of the melee, but managed only 1.3 from four easy shots, the only goal scored by Smith from a scrimmage at the boundary line. The margin was down to 16 points, before a Carlton attack was marked by Hands, who was put down again after the mark, this time by Jim Cleary. Players and police converged again, and Cleary was reported. Carlton still led by only 16 points with seven minutes remaining, before late goals to Chitty and Baxter put the game beyond South Melbourne's reach. When the final bell rung, Carlton won by a game-high margin of 28 points, 15.13 (103) to 10.15 (75).
Overall, the game was considered a poor exhibition of football, with inclement weather, weak skills, rough play and melees. Sportswriters praised the play of both teams' defences, and Carlton full-back Vin Brown was considered the best player on the ground for his consistent work in repelling the South Melbourne attacks. Ted Whitfield was South's best player.
The Bloodbath.
The roughness of play, and the high number of reports, suspensions and melees, drew heavy comment from sportswriters and public at the time. In more recent years, the game has come to be nicknamed the Bloodbath due to its violent reputation. In all, nine players were reported on fourteen charges during the game. Bottles were also thrown onto the ground by spectators.
The VFL tribunal heard the charges on Tuesday 2 October, and made the following findings:
Only Ken Hands (Carlton) and Keith Smith (South Melbourne) were found not guilty of their charges.
A subsequent investigation also saw Carlton's Fred Fitzgibbon brought before the VFL committee. Fitzgibbon had been suspended for four matches for striking 's Len Hustler in the preliminary final, so was watching the Grand Final from the outer; during the final quarter melee, he jumped the fence, ran to the melee and attempted to strike a South Melbourne player before being escorted from the ground by police. He was suspended for a further four matches.
The game drew condemnation in the media, and headlines around the country for its roughness. "The Mirror" in Perth noted "widespread disgust has been expressed throughout Australia at the exhibition of alleged football staged by Carlton and South Melbourne in the VFL Grand Final last Saturday". Melbourne tabloid newspaper "The Truth" called it "the most repugnant spectacle League football has ever known". Perth's "the Call" newspaper led with the headline "Carlton are Vic. 'footbrawl' premiers". "The Recorder" in Port Pirie published a local's summary of the game under the byline "they kicked everything except the ball." The match continued to be viewed as a benchmark against which onfield violence was compared for many years.
Many newspapers took a broader view of the game as symptomatic of increasing roughness of the game in Victoria in general during the early 1940s. "The Record", the local newspaper circulating in South Melbourne, reported that "to say the match was a 'shameful spectacle' and 'a blot on the game' is sheer hypocrisy, as anyone who has followed League football during the last few years knows that roughness is the rule rather than the exception." "The Argus" also commented on this and both newspapers placed blame for increased rough play over the previous years on increased frustration and congestion caused by the two major rule changes in 1939: no-drop holding the ball and the reinstatement of the boundary throw-in. Speaking years later, Don Grossman also recalled that bumping had become rougher during the war, owing to a rule allowing bumping only within five yards of the ball. The VFL met in November to discuss its position on a variety of potential national rule changes to reduce congestion – such as re-abolishing the boundary throw-in in favour of a free kick, re-introducing the flick pass, and reducing the number of players on the field – as well as direct measures against violent play – including introducing order-off provisions, and appointing stewards to report players instead of umpires – but ultimately supported none of them.
Despite the game's reputation for violence, all sportswriters praised match umpire Frank Spokes for the control he maintained on the game, and for preventing further escalation of incidents. Spokes spoke to players many times when incidents flared, and waited for players to return to position before restarting play, which was not common practice for umpires at the time. However, the high volume of reports made during this game is also speculated to have been a deliberate directive by the league to the umpiring team, in response to the previous week's preliminary final between and – a match well known to have been at least as rough as the grand final, including a wild final quarter melee with many kicks and punches thrown, but from which only one player was reported. Supporting this, "The Record" made specific note that Matthews and Whitfield were both reported for time-wasting by throwing or kicking the ball away after a free kick; this had been a technically reportable offence for many years, but was almost never enforced in practice. Matthews himself said he had been doing it for his entire 14-year career without a problem, and was surprised to have been reported.
In the immediate aftermath, both clubs blamed the other for the violence in the game. Reflecting on the game in "the Sporting Globe" ten years later, South Melbourne full forward Laurie Nash placed the blame on Carlton for starting the violence in the first half with targeted rough play, but blamed South Melbourne for carrying on the violence in search of retribution in the second half, while Carlton went back to playing the ball – probably costing South Melbourne the game. He also happily recalled getting away with punching out Bob Chitty in the final quarter, in retaliation for Chitty's two second-quarter strikes against South Melbourne's youngsters Ron Clegg and Bill Williams, which started the game's melees; and, said that Jim Cleary, who was nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" for his reputation as a fair player, was very unlucky to be suspended for eight weeks for what he thought was an honest attempted spoil on Hands.
Teams.
Both teams made two changes from the sides which secured qualification. South Melbourne brought in Reg Richards (who had missed the semi-final with illness) and Alan Linden, omitting Roy Porter and Max Blumfield. Carlton brought in Charlie McInnes to replace Fred Fitzgibbon, who had been suspended in the preliminary final; and, on the day of the game, brought in Alec Way to replace Ron Hines, who was unable to recover from a thigh injury suffered in the preliminary final. Full forward Ken Baxter, who had played the second half of the season while on leave from the army, was originally rostered back on service, but was able to play when his captain – a Carlton supporter – granted further leave.

</doc>
<doc id="6924193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924193" title="Fox Chapel Middle School">
Fox Chapel Middle School



</doc>
<doc id="6924196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924196" title="Makariv Raion">
Makariv Raion

Makariv Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Makariv. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Makariv Raion was split between Bucha and Fastiv Raions. The last estimate of the raion population was .
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of two hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924197" title="Luya District">
Luya District

Luya is a district of the Province of Luya in the Amazonas Region of Peru. Luya is home to several archaeological sites of the Chachapoya culture, such as Wanglic, and is a point of access to some of the Province's main tourist destinations, including the sarcophagi of Karajía and the valley of Huaylla Belén. The district also has several seasonal waterfalls and mountain trails for hiking.
Luya borders Lámud District, Trita District and San Cristóbal District in the north; the Chachapoyas District in the east; the Lonya Chico District in the south and the districts of Luya Viejo District and Santa Catalina to the west.
Luya is accessible from the city of Chachapoyas via colectivo taxis (S/.7) or minivan (S/.5), both located at the corner of Jr. Chincha Alta and Jr. Libertad.

</doc>
<doc id="6924199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924199" title="Bloodbath Grand Final">
Bloodbath Grand Final



</doc>
<doc id="6924201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924201" title="List of Rutgers University fraternities and sororities">
List of Rutgers University fraternities and sororities

Rutgers University is home to chapters of many Greek organizations; however, only a small percentage of the undergraduate student body is active in Greek life. Several fraternities and sororities maintain houses for their chapters in the area of Union Street (known as "Frat Row") in New Brunswick within blocks of Rutgers' College Avenue Campus.
In 1845, Delta Phi became the first fraternity to organize on the campus. Zeta Psi was the second fraternity and was organized in 1845 as well. Delta Upsilon was the third fraternity to establish itself on the campus in 1858; the first non-secret fraternity in New Brunswick. The Alpha Rho chapter of Chi Psi fraternity, founded at Rutgers College in 1879, was the first fraternity at Rutgers to own a fraternity house, or "Lodge", purchased in 1887. The fraternity today still owns and occupies the same property at 114 College Avenue. Presently, there are over fifty fraternities and sororities on the New Brunswick-Piscataway campus, ranging from traditional to historically African-American, Latino, Multicultural and Asian-interest organizations. Greek organizations are governed by the Office of Fraternity and Sorority Affairs. Twelve organizations currently maintain chapters in New Brunswick without sanction by the University's administration.
Following is a list of Rutgers University fraternities and sororities, organized by national umbrella organization or type of Greek letter organization.
Interfraternity Council.
The following fraternities at Rutgers University are members or former of the North American Interfraternity Conference (IFC).
Multicultural Greek Council.
The following sororities and fraternities at Rutgers are members of the National Multicultural Greek Council.
National Pan-Hellenic Council.
The following historically African American fraternities and sororities at Rutgers are members of the National Pan-Hellenic Council.
Panhellenic Council.
The following sororities and women's fraternities at Rutgers are members of the National Panhellenic Conference.
Professional Fraternity Council.
The following professional fraternities and sororities at Rutgers are independent or are members of the Professional Fraternity Association.

</doc>
<doc id="6924207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924207" title="Myronivka Raion">
Myronivka Raion

Myronivka Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the city of Myronivka. The raion was abolished on 19 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Myronivka Raion was merged into Obukhiv Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was 
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Myronivka urban hromada with the administration in Myronivka.

</doc>
<doc id="6924210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924210" title="Obukhiv Raion">
Obukhiv Raion

Obukhiv Raion () is a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is Obukhiv. Population: 
On 18 July 2020, as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast was reduced to seven, and the area of Obukhiv Raion was significantly expanded. Two abolished raions, Kaharlyk and Myronivka Raions, as well of Obukhiv Municipality and the cities of Vasylkiv and Rzhyshchiv, which were previously incorporated as cities of oblast significance, and parts of Bohuslav, Kyiv-Sviatoshyn, and Vasylkiv Raions, were merged into Obukhiv Raion. The January 2020 estimate of the raion population was 
Subdivisions.
Current.
After the reform in July 2020, the raion consisted of 9 hromadas:
Before 2020.
Before the 2020 reform, the raion consisted of two hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924212" title="Herman Feshbach">
Herman Feshbach



</doc>
<doc id="6924220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924220" title="Mohamed Atta al-Sayed">
Mohamed Atta al-Sayed



</doc>
<doc id="6924228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924228" title="Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi Raion">
Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi Raion

Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center, Pereiaslav (from 1943 until 2019 the city was named Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi), was incorporated separately as a town of oblast significance and did not belong to the raion. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi Raion was merged into Boryspil Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of four hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924243" title="Poliske Raion">
Poliske Raion

Poliske Raion () was a raion (district) of Kyiv Oblast in Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Krasiatychi. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Poliske Raion was merged into Vyshhorod Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was 
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Poliske settlement hromada with the administration in Krasiatychi.

</doc>
<doc id="6924249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924249" title="Rokytne Raion, Kyiv Oblast">
Rokytne Raion, Kyiv Oblast

Rokytne Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Rokytne. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Rokytne Raion was merged into Bila Tserkva Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was 
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Rokytne settlement hromada with the administration in Rokytne.

</doc>
<doc id="6924255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924255" title="Herman Feschbach">
Herman Feschbach



</doc>
<doc id="6924257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924257" title="Skvyra raion">
Skvyra raion



</doc>
<doc id="6924264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924264" title="Melville B. Nimmer">
Melville B. Nimmer



</doc>
<doc id="6924269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924269" title="Luya Viejo District">
Luya Viejo District

Luya Viejo is a district of the Luya Province, Peru, located in the northern part of the province. The capital is the town Luya Viejo.
The district covers an area of 73.87 km²; the district capital is located at an altitude of 2,820 m above sea level. The climate is dry moderate cold.
The District of Luya borders:
The district has several attractive places for tourists, such as the ruins of the Chachapoya culture.

</doc>
<doc id="6924271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924271" title="Hagarim">
Hagarim



</doc>
<doc id="6924273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924273" title="Luya Viejo">
Luya Viejo



</doc>
<doc id="6924274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924274" title="Stavysche raion">
Stavysche raion



</doc>
<doc id="6924277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924277" title="Cryoscopic constants">
Cryoscopic constants



</doc>
<doc id="6924280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924280" title="Tarascha raion">
Tarascha raion



</doc>
<doc id="6924285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924285" title="Tetiiv Raion">
Tetiiv Raion

Tetiiv raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the city of Tetiiv. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Tetiiv Raion was merged into Bila Tserkva Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Tetiiv urban hromada with the administration in Tetiiv.

</doc>
<doc id="6924287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924287" title="MEncode">
MEncode



</doc>
<doc id="6924289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924289" title="Mencode">
Mencode



</doc>
<doc id="6924290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924290" title="Yeah yeah yeah">
Yeah yeah yeah



</doc>
<doc id="6924291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924291" title="Vasylkiv Raion">
Vasylkiv Raion

Vasylkiv Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was Vasylkiv which is incorporated separately as a town of oblast significance and did not belong to the raion. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Vasylkiv Raion was split between Bila Tserkva, Fastiv, and Obukhiv Raions. The last estimate of the raion population was .
Subdivisions.
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of five hromadas, 
Vasylkiv raion consisted of 39 village councils ("sil's'ka rada"); and 65 villages ("selo"). The settlements of Vasylkiv Raion included:

</doc>
<doc id="6924292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924292" title="Frostline">
Frostline



</doc>
<doc id="6924298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924298" title="Volodarka Raion">
Volodarka Raion

Volodarka Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the urban-type settlement of Volodarka. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Volodarka Raion was merged into Bila Tserkva Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Volodarka settlement hromada with the administration in Volodarka.

</doc>
<doc id="6924304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924304" title="Vyshhorod Raion">
Vyshhorod Raion

Vyshhorod Raion () is a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine. Its administrative center is the city of Vyshhorod. It has a population of 
On 18 July 2020, as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast was reduced to seven, and the area of Vyshhorod Raion was significantly expanded. Two abolished raions, Ivankiv and Poliske Raions, as well as the cities of Slavutych and Vyshhorod, which were previously incorporated as cities of oblast significance and did not belong to the raion, were merged into Vyshhorod Raion. The January 2020 estimate of the raion population was 
Description.
The raion was created on April 12, 1973, from territories of Ivankiv Raion and Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion. The raion is located around the Kyiv Reservoir. Its administrative center is at the southern edge of the territory.
Before 2020, the raion bordered four other raions of Kyiv Oblast and two other regions of Ukraine – the city of Kyiv and Chernihiv Oblast. To the north and northwest from the raion Ivankiv Raion was located which also included territory of the former Chernobyl Raion, to the west there was Borodianka Raion, to the southwest Vyshhorod Raion bordered with Kyiv-Sviatoshyn Raion, to the south with Obolon Raion of the city of Kyiv, to the southeast with Brovary Raion, while to the east and northeast it bordered Kozelets Raion of Chernihiv Oblast.
Former President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych's private residence Mezhyhirya is located near the village of Novi Petrivtsi.
Subdivisions.
Current.
After the reform in July 2020, the raion consisted of 7 hromadas:
There are no official residents in the Chernobyl exclusion zone which is under special administration from a state agency. Due to elevated radiation certain people are allowed to live who are known as samosely. The city of Slavutych, an exclave in Chernihiv Oblast, remains a de facto company-type of community connected with the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
Before 2020.
Before the 2020 reform, the raion consisted of four hromadas, 

</doc>
<doc id="6924305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924305" title="La Peste (album)">
La Peste (album)

La Peste is the second studio album by Alabama 3, released in 2000.
The album peaked at No. 80 on the UK Albums Chart.
Critical reception.
"Record Collector" called the album "a dreamy romp through cinematic mini-masterpieces including 'Sad Eyed Lady Of The Low Life', 'Mansion On The Hill' and 'The Thrills Are Gone'." "Trouser Press" called it "a disappointing disgrace of an album," writing "the new, gussied-up A3 (designed, perhaps, not to offend "Sopranos" fans) is merely overproduced and out of ideas." "NME" deemed it "deeply pointless, if hilarious" and an "almost monumental waste of time." "The Independent" judged it "infectiously intelligent," writing that the band still operates "fruitfully at the convergence of country, funk, gospel and drug culture."
Personnel.
Alabama 3
with:
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="6924311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924311" title="Yahotyn Raion">
Yahotyn Raion

Yahotyn Raion () was a raion (district) in Kyiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center was the town of Yahotyn. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Yahotyn Raion was merged into Boryspil Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was .
At the time of disestablishment, the raion consisted of one hromada, Yahotyn urban hromada with the administration in Yahotyn.

</doc>
<doc id="6924317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924317" title="Zgurivka Raion">
Zgurivka Raion



</doc>
<doc id="6924323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924323" title="María District">
María District

María is a district of the province of Luya in Peru. Maria is located in the high mountain. Maria offers several tourist attractions like scenic lagoons and several ruins of the Chachapoya culture. Also, there is a big production of Craft. To reach Maria District, one must take a car from the city of Chachapoyas to which is a 3-hour drive to the district.
The main holiday of Maria is celebrated on July 16. Typical meals are "Purtumute", "Locro", "Tauri Hucho", and "Cuy". María District belongs to the parish of Magdalena's District (Chachapoyas).
In the north, the District of Cocabamba has a border with the District of Tingo and the District of Longuita, in the East is with the District of Saint John of Lopecancha, in the south-west with the District of Cocabamba, in the southeast with the Saint's District Tomás (Luya), and in the west with the District of Pisuquía.

</doc>
<doc id="6924327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924327" title="Yosef Ben Ha Levy Haivri">
Yosef Ben Ha Levy Haivri



</doc>
<doc id="6924337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924337" title="Ebullioscopic constant">
Ebullioscopic constant

In thermodynamics, the ebullioscopic constant relates molality to boiling point elevation. It is the ratio of the latter to the former:
A formula to compute the ebullioscopic constant is:
Through the procedure called ebullioscopy, a known constant can be used to calculate an unknown molar mass. The term "ebullioscopy" means "boiling measurement" in Latin. This is related to cryoscopy, which determines the same value from the cryoscopic constant (of freezing point depression).
This property of elevation of boiling point is a colligative property. It means that the property, in this case , depends on the number of particles dissolved into the solvent and not the nature of those particles.

</doc>
<doc id="6924338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924338" title="Krasiatychi">
Krasiatychi

Krasiatychi (, ), also spelled Krasyatychi, is a rural settlement in Vyshhorod Raion, Kyiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. It hosts the administration of Poliske settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Its population is .
History.
Until 18 July 2020, Krasiatychi served as an administrative center of Poliske Raion. The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kyiv Oblast to seven. The area of Poliske Raion was merged into Vyshhorod Raion.
On 25 February 2022, Russia invaded the settlement as part of the 2022 invasion of Ukraine. On 1 April 2022, Ukrainian forces regained control of Krasiatychi.
Until 26 January 2024, Krasiatychi was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Krasiatychi became a rural settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6924340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924340" title="Rock 'n' Wrestling">
Rock 'n' Wrestling

Rock 'n' Wrestling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6924348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924348" title="University of Illinois Medical Center at Chicago">
University of Illinois Medical Center at Chicago



</doc>
<doc id="6924355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924355" title="Sydney High School Rifle Club">
Sydney High School Rifle Club

Sydney High School Rifle Club is a Rifle Shooting club established in 1883 within Sydney Boys High School. It is based at the ANZAC Rifle Range in Sydney, Australia. The club is affiliated to the New South Wales Rifle Association and participates in competitions conducted by the AAGPS.
History.
Rifle Shooting at the school started with cadet shooting as early as October 1883. In 1910, forty cadets formed the Sydney High School Rifle Club. Foundation officials were Rhodes (Captain), Berman (Secretary) and a Committee of Biden, Beasley and Uren. Competitions were successful. H. G. Kershaw, by winning the 200-yard match (with 15 consecutive bullseyes) showed the NRA of NSW the talent which was confirmed by his success in later life. H. G. Kershaw is believed to have been the first Sydney High student to visit Bisley Ranges in England, having travelled there with the Coronation Contingent in 1911.
After the War, the Rifle Club was reformed in 1924. Owing to the distance between School and Liverpool, permission was granted to shoot at Long Bay and to compete in events conducted by the New South Wales Militia Rifle Clubs Union.
In 1931 the Anderson Cup was won, plus the Buchanan GPS Shield (first GPS rifle match won by Sydney Boys High School) The team placed 3rd in the GPS Premiership. Competing against Militia Officers 10 to 20 years his senior, Club Secretary Jim Sweet won the Champion of Champions event and was praised at a School Assembly by Headmaster G. C. Saxby. "The Sunday Sun" reported on 26 April 1931, SHS boy Cadet Sweet led from first match to top score at each of 4 ranges to win Champion of Champions Militia Shoot. Club Captain C. Ebsworth won the Anzac Match in the Two-Day June Shoot.
In 1933, the Club Championship was won by Club Captain, Arthur Roden Cutler, who later became Governor of New South Wales. In 1934, the Club Secretary J. E. Ryan won the Club Championship with Cutler winning the GPS Cup.
Early in World War II many British .303 rifles were lost at Dunkirk. The Australian Rifle Clubs and Cadet Corps returned their .303 rifles for use by British Troops. The Cadets were then issued with smaller single shot .310 rifles and the Clubs continued with .22 ammunition with small-bore rifles.
In 1942 former Club Captain A. R. Cutler was awarded the Victoria Cross for conspicuous gallantry during the Syrian campaign and for bravery during bitter fighting at Merdjayoun. Prowess with anti-tank rifles and Bren Guns repeatedly saved his life and the lives of others during those battles.
In 1943 a .22 small-bore rifle range was built at Sydney Boys High School for weekly practice and for competition with other schools.
After World War II, GPS Rifle Shooting competition were resumed without delay. By the mid 1950s the School 25-yard Range was in frequent use. Twelve from the Cadet Unit qualified for Crossed Rifles Badges.
In 1979, target shooting was reintroduced at the School. A range was completed on campus in late 1987 with the first shot fired the first shot in February 1988. The Range was resumed for classrooms in 1994. Practices are now held at the ANZAC Rifle Range at Malabar. The Club has, since the early 1990s, also welcomed students from Sydney Girls High School.
In 2009, the club was Co-Premiers in the GPS competition, along with the Kings School.
In 2012, the club was Co-Premiers in the GPS competition, along with The Armidale School.
In 2013, the club won the 2nd grade competition for the first time in its history.
In 2016, the club was Premiers in the GPS 1st Grade and 2nd Grade Competitions.
In 2019, the club was Premiers in the GPS 1st Grade and 2nd Grade Competitions.
Overseas Tours.
Since 1994, the Club has sent teams overseas to contest international events. The 1994 Tour to the United Kingdom, which involved seven boys and one girl, was an outstanding success, and an invitation was received from the British National Rifle Association to send a further team to England in 1996. This team, of five students, contested the Imperial Meeting at Bisley and shot in the Under 25 Match against national teams from the United Kingdom and Canada.
In 1998, a team travelled to Canada to contest the Dominion of Canada Rifle Association matches at Connaught Ranges, just outside Ottawa. The same year, Sydney Boys High School won its first GPS Rifle Shooting Premiership.
In 2000, along with school teams from The Armidale School and New England Girls' School, a team was sent to the World Championships and 'Millennium Meeting' at Bisley as part of the Australian Schools Combined Rifle Team. A number of Sydney Boys High School students were selected to compete in the Australian Under 21 Team during these Championships, with one student touring with the Australian Under 25 Team throughout Scotland and England.

</doc>
<doc id="6924356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924356" title="One Two Three Four (EP)">
One Two Three Four (EP)

One Two Three Four is the first 7" extended play by Australian rock band the Saints. The EP contained two cover versions of other artists' work and two re-recorded tracks which originally appeared on their debut album "(I'm) Stranded". It was originally released in the UK as both a single disc EP and a double 7" with a gatefold shelve. An Australian edition of the EP appeared in the following month. Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, felt their versions of "Lipstick on Your Collar" (originally by Connie Francis) and "River Deep – Mountain High" (originally by Ike and Tina Turner) were "ragged but inspired".
The complete EP was issued on CD in 2007 as bonus tracks to "(I'm) Stranded".
Track listing.
Two-disc 7".
Disc 1
Disc 2
Personnel.
The Saints

</doc>
<doc id="6924361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924361" title="Ocalli District">
Ocalli District

Ocalli is a district of the province of Luya, Peru. Cashew spreads from the high mountain towards the shores of the River, with borders to the north with the district of Conila, in the East with Inguilpata, in the southeast with that of Ocumal, in the south-west with the district of Providence, and in the west with Cajamarca. There is a highway that divides from Corral Burned up to the capital of the district, the people of Ocalli, which possesses a big market for the buy and selling of coffee.
The management holidays of the capital Ocalli are celebrated from October 25 until October 28. As typical meals are known by the chochoca, the nickname, the locro, the stew, the churumbo and the cuy with potatoes, between others.
Ocalli offers several attractive places for tourists like whitewater and ruins of the culture Chachapoyas.

</doc>
<doc id="6924366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924366" title="Ocalli">
Ocalli



</doc>
<doc id="6924369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924369" title="Natsumi Hinata">
Natsumi Hinata



</doc>
<doc id="6924373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924373" title="Habogi">
Habogi

Habogi is an Icelandic fairy tale published in "Neuislandische Volksmärchen" by linguist Adeline Rittershaus. Andrew Lang included it in "The Brown Fairy Book".
Source.
Adeline Rittershaus sourced the tale from a female teller named Guðríður Einarsdóttir.
Synopsis.
A couple had three daughters, and the youngest was the most beautiful and best tempered. One day, the father asked what names their prospective husbands had. The oldest wanted her husband to have the name Sigmund, which gave her many choices; the second, Sigurd, and there were seven in their own village; the youngest, Helga, at the urging of a voice, said, Habogi, and none of them had ever heard of a man named Habogi. Sigmunds and Sigurds came to woo the older two, and other men the youngest, but none of them were named Habogi. Finally, her sisters married, and a coarse old peasant came, saying he was Habogi and Helga must marry him. Helga agreed.
When her sisters' wedding was over, he brought her a beautiful horse, with a saddle of red and gold, and said she must see where she would live once she married him. They rode off, and he showed her a great meadow, with a large herd of sheep that were his, but the finest one, with golden bells on its horns, was to be hers. They rode on, to a fine herd of cow, but the finest one was to be hers; and then a herd of horses, and whichever one she chose was to be hers.
He brought her to a little, tumble-down house, which did not seem fitting for a man with such herds, but she said nothing. He took her within, and it was marvelously furnished. Because he had to prepare for the wedding, he had his foster brother take her home. On the third day, she brought her sisters and parents. Her sisters were jealous when they saw the flocks. They were heartened by the little house, but once within, their jealousy returned. They tried to mar her wedding gown, which was finer than theirs had been with ashes, but Habogi prevented the ashes from staining it, and fixed the two sisters where they stood, so that everyone mocked them.
The next morning, the house was a palace, and a handsome young man was there, and Helga told her sisters that the man was her Habogi.
Analysis.
Folklorist D. L. Ashliman grouped the tale under type ATU 444*, "Enchanted Princes", a miscellaneous tale type of the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index. Another tale of this type is Hermod and Hadvor.
In her commentaries, Adeline Rittershaus surmises that the tale seemed incomplete, since the narrative does not tell if Habogi was an enchanted prince himself, or disguises as an old man to test his bride.

</doc>
<doc id="6924377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924377" title="Kho Wang district">
Kho Wang district

Kho Wang (, ; , ) is a district in the south of Yasothon province in northeastern Thailand.
History.
Kho Wang was once called Non Kho village, but a monk named Wang from Kanthararom district in Sisaket province came to live and teach in the area. The monk so inspired faith in the people of the region that many moved to the village, and the villagers changed the name of the village to Kho Wang in honor of the monk.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Maha Chana Chai of Yasothon Province; Khueang Nai of Ubon Ratchathani province; Yang Chum Noi and Rasi Salai of Sisaket province.
Administration.
The district is divided into four sub-districts ("tambons"), with 45 villages ("mubans").
Schools.
The secondary schools in Kho Wang are:

</doc>
<doc id="6924389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924389" title="Rock N Wrestling">
Rock N Wrestling



</doc>
<doc id="6924394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924394" title="Remington model 7600 rifle">
Remington model 7600 rifle



</doc>
<doc id="6924398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924398" title="Kôji Inada">
Kôji Inada



</doc>
<doc id="6924402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924402" title="Ocumal District">
Ocumal District

Ocumal is a district of the Peruvian province of Luya. Typical plates of the zone of Ocumal are for example the Purtumote, the Bujon and Shirumbe.
Since there is no highway, it is difficult to gain access to the zone of Ocumal. Thanks to projects undertaken by several ONGs and the municipality, several places benefit from electrical service. No establishment has a wastepipe.
The zone includes several places of tourist interest as for example ruins of the Chachapoya culture or prehistoric paintings in rocks. The variety of fruit grown includes bananas, yucca, coconuts, papayas and others.
To see the customs of the people it is the best thing to come in December, from December 8 until December 10 the management holidays are carried out in Collonce.
The management holiday of Cauldron is August 15, the holiday of the Virgin Asunta.
In the north the District of Ocumal has border with the District of Ocalli and the District of Inguilpata, in the east with the District of Colcamar, in the south with the District of Pisuquía and the District of Rafts in the Department of Cajamarca, in the East with the District of Providence (Luya) and the District of Choropampa. The principal entry to the District of Ocumal is for the District of Colcamar, or for District of Ocalli, where it finishes the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="6924404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924404" title="Lake Natoma">
Lake Natoma

Lake Natoma is a small lake in the Western United States, along the lower American River, between Folsom Dam and Nimbus Dam in Sacramento County, California. The lake is located within the Folsom Lake State Recreation Area which maintains the facilities and bike trails surrounding the lake. Lake Natoma is located east of Sacramento, and has 500 surface acres of water.  The total length of Lake Natoma is .
Lake Natoma is a recreational lake for rowing, kayaking, and swimming; powerboats are permitted with a "no wake" restriction. It is home to the Sacramento State Aquatic Center, and regularly hosts West Coast College Rowing Championships, the Pac-12 Conference rowing championships, and, every four years, the Intercollegiate Rowing Association Championships. The Lake Natoma Four Bridges Half Marathon is held each October at the lake.
Lake Natoma includes the historic Black Miners Bar area in Folsom, the site of a gold rush era African-American mining camp.
The Folsom Powerhouse State Historic Park overlooks Lake Natoma in the city of Folsom. It is a California State Historical site and a National Historic Landmark, preserving an early hydroelectric power station.
A paved cycling and jogging trail encircles the lake along with unpaved equestrian trails. The Folsom South Canal Trail also begins at the lake. Several parking lots and boat launching ramps are located around the lake.
History.
This was the site of many gold mining operations in the 1800s.
In the 1950s, after the Folsom Dam was constructed as part of the Central Valley Project work began on Nimbus Dam which would manage water released from Folsom Dam. In addition to maintaining water flow the lake provides water to irrigation canals and generates hydro electric power. After Lake Natoma and Folsom Lake were built, the Bureau of Reclamation was given control of operation for both reservoirs and dams.
Around 1956, the Bureau of Reclamation and California Department of Parks and Recreation, also known as State Parks, formed an agreement that State Parks will be responsible for recreational activities on Lake Natoma, as well as Folsom Lake.
In 1979, the general plan for the State Recreational Area at Folsom Lake, including Lake Natoma, was amended three times before it was approved. As part of the 1979 General Plan amendment, the Folsom Powerhouse State Historic Park became a separate unit, not a part of the Folsom Unit.
In 2002, multiple meetings were held for public input and for interested stakeholders to plan and prepare for recreational purposes adequate enough for the growing population. There was a 62% increase in population since the General Plan was accepted in 1979.
Physical features.
Surrounding this narrow lake are foothills, plateaus, cliffs and river canyons. A dense riparian ecosystem encircles the lake. The Lake Natoma Bluffs stand and line the lake from Black Miners Bar to Mississippi Bar.
Recreation.
The area is accessible via U.S. Highway 50. Since these reservoirs are located in the metropolitan area, the State Recreational Area (SRA) tries to create a habitat suitable for the wildlife that are already living there, to have both "recreation and nature." In 2000, there were over 1.5 million visitors to Folsom Lake State Recreation Area, including Lake Natoma and Folsom Lake.
Water and land uses.
Lake Natoma was first ready for the public in 1958. The common water activities are kayaking, rowing, canoeing, swimming, water skiing, sailing, and fishing. Land activities include hiking, biking, picnicking, jogging, and horseback riding. Educational activities are also available, including information about historical sites near Lake Natoma and Folsom Lake, like the common fish that spawn in the American River, the history of the California Gold Rush, and Native American life before the arrival of the Europeans.
Major facilities.
Boat launch.
The lake has three boat launches for powerboats, jetskis, and sailboats. These launches are well designed with two hard surface launches and one gravel launch. With enough room to turn around, and parking areas. Fishermen like to use the Black Miners Bar launch, as many fishing tournament events occur nearby. California State University Sacramento (CSUS) holds rowing classes here.
Campgrounds.
There is only one campground open to the public on Lake Natoma: Black Miners Bar Group Campground.
Willow Creek.
Located at the Willow Creek inlet to Lake Natoma, this area is used for both land and water activities. The area is used for picnicking, birdwatching, fishing, and canoeing. The Lake Natoma Trail is nearby.
Aquatic Center for CSUS.
Where the Nimbus Dam ends, there is an Aquatic Center right on Lake Natoma that belongs to the California State University Sacramento (CSUS). This is where CSUS holds some of their aquatic classes, such as skiing and wind surfing.
Bike path.
A paved bike path runs along both sides of Lake Natoma, creating a roughly 12-mile loop. The 32-mile American River Bike Trail, which goes from Sacramento to Beals Point, also runs along the west side of the lake.
Dirt trails.
Six miles of dirt trail lead to Nimbus Flat and Willow Creek. There are also dirt trails on both sides of Lake Natoma; one is six miles and other is nine miles.
Nimbus Fish Hatchery.
Under Nimbus Dam and Lake Natoma lies the Nimbus Fish Hatchery, operated by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, that was built in 1955 by the U.S Bureau of Reclamation. The California Department of Fish and Wildlife operates a visitor center here. The hatchery replicates spawning environments by creating a fish ladder that guides salmon and steelheads to spawn. For recreational fishing in the northern and Central California bodies of water, the hatchery produces 4 million Chinook salmon and over 400,000 steelhead trout per year.
Folsom Powerhouse State Historic Park.
On the south bank of Lake Natoma lies the old Folsom Powerhouse State Historic Park, located in the City of Folsom at the intersection of Riley and Scott Streets. In 1895, the Folsom Powerhouse became the first powerhouse to generate electricity for the city of Sacramento.[] The facility, which included the powerhouse and a dam, operated until 1952 when construction of the modern Folsom Dam hydroelectric facility was completed. The new Folsom Dam rendered the old Folsom Powerhouse obsolete. The old dam that had been used in conjunction with the historic Folsom Powerhouse was removed during construction of the modern Folsom Dam facility.[] During its operation (1895-1952) the powerhouse delivered 11,000 volts of electricity over 22 miles to Sacramento. The historic site is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. There is a visitor center where the public can learn more about the history of the park.
Animals.
Native animals known to live here are the mule deer, coyote, bobcat, mountain lion, quail, bald and golden eagle, heron, egret, western pond turtle, and California horned lizard. A few common fish in Lake Natoma are catfish and carp. Aquatic animals in Lake Natoma are usually tolerant of warm water and low oxygen level water. Other fish found here are bass, bluegill, and green sunfish. Right under Nimbus Dam are steelheads, Chinook salmon, American shad, and Pacific lampreys. Bald eagles and golden eagles can be found around Folsom Lake and Lake Natoma for nesting; about six bald eagles and two golden eagles are observed annually. Both are protected under the Federal Bald Eagle Protection Act of 1940.
Environmental issues.
Mercury.
Fish at Lake Natoma were found to have high levels of mercury in their tissue. A sample of 22 fish showed that mercury levels had approached or exceed guidelines set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which is set at 3 microgram Hg/g wet weight. Since there were too few samples, it is not known for sure if mercury is randomly distributed throughout Lake Natoma. Concentration of mercury increases as sizes of fish increase, usually because of bioaccumulation. Factors include length, weight, and age. For example, predators at the top of the food chain, such as large bass mouth, spotted bass, and white catfish, usually have higher concentrations.
The California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) has developed a safe eating advisory for Lake Natoma, based on levels of mercury found in fish caught here.

</doc>
<doc id="6924411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924411" title="Pennsylvania State University Libraries">
Pennsylvania State University Libraries

The Penn State University Libraries consists of 36 libraries at 22 locations in Pennsylvania. The two main buildings on Penn State's University Park campus are the Pattee and Paterno libraries.
History.
The library's first permanent location was in Old Main, with 1,500 books in agriculture and the sciences. In 1904, the library was moved to the Carnegie Building (then "Carnegie Library"), which provided a 50,000 book capacity.
By 1940, the library's collection had grown to 150,000, overcrowding Carnegie by three times its capacity. The library was permanently moved to the Pattee Library building. By the 1960s, the collection had grown to 800,000 books.
The Pattee Library was renovated in the late 1990s, and in 2000, it was rededicated along with the new Paterno Library, a portion of which comprises the former East Wing of Pattee. Today, there are 14 libraries at the University Park campus alone, boasting a collection of over 5.4 million volumes.
Pattee Library.
Pattee Library is named after Fred Lewis Pattee, who is widely regarded as the first professor of American Literature (1895–1928), and author of the Penn State Alma Mater. Pattee Library was built as part of a Public Works Administration-General State Authority project. Its construction took place over 1937–1940. Between 1940 and 1973, the library was expanded three times. The "Stacks" or Stack Building was added in 1953, "West Pattee" in 1966, and "East Pattee" in 1973. A renovation which included the construction of the Paterno Library began in 1998, and was completed in 2000.
The Pattee Library includes the circulation area for both libraries, which connects the original mall entrance with the Curtin Road entrance. In fall 2010, a Reading Room housing the Leisure Reading Collection on the first floor of Pattee Library opened in the Tombros/McWhirter Knowledge Commons. Another major feature of Pattee, on the second floor, is the Paterno Family Humanities Reading Room, a large reading room reminiscent of historical libraries, and the design was based on images of the New York Public Library legal collections room.
Pattee Library is home to the Arts and Humanities Library, Music and Media Center, Library Learning Services, Maps Library, Media Commons, Digitization and Preservation, Course Reserves Services, Disabilities Services, and News and Microforms Library.
It is located in the Farmers' High School Historic District added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Paterno Library.
In 1983, as Penn State football coach Joe Paterno was being honored for his first national championship, he gave a speech challenging the university's board of trustees to make Penn State number one in academics as well as athletics. He specifically targeted the need for a top-quality library, stating, "Without a great library, you can't have a great university." In 1993, he and his wife Sue, began a campaign which raised $13.75 million for the construction of a new library. The groundbreaking for the Paterno library, which took place in April 1997, named it in their honor. Paterno has also donated several millions of his own money towards the library.
Construction was completed in fall 2000, and the building was dedicated on September 8, 2000. It is connected to the Pattee Library, and shares a common circulation desk. The former East Wing of Pattee forms a portion of the Paterno Library. Paterno Library is home to the Business, Education and Behavioral Sciences, Life Sciences, Social Sciences, and Special Collections libraries.
Following Paterno's death in 2012 and the release of a report by former FBI Director Louis Freeh that concluded that Paterno concealed knowledge of assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky's sexual abuse of multiple children, some called for his name to be removed from the library. The university removed a statue of Paterno from outside Beaver Stadium, but university President Rodney Erickson, did not order the library to be renamed, saying it "remains a tribute to Joe and Sue Paterno's commitment to Penn State's student body and academic success, and it highlights the positive impacts Coach Paterno had on the University."

</doc>
<doc id="6924413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924413" title="Ocumal">
Ocumal



</doc>
<doc id="6924416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924416" title="Thirayuth Boonmee">
Thirayuth Boonmee

Thirayuth Boonmee (, ; born 10 January 1950) is a Thai social scientist, public intellectual and a former student activist.
Student leader.
While a student at Chulalongkorn University in 1973, Thirayuth led the National Student Center of Thailand (NSCT) in coordinating political activism against the military dictatorship of Thanom Kittikachorn and Praphas Charusathien. The NSCT led tens of thousands in public protests against the regime. One of the earlier activities of the NSCT had been a 10-day boycott against Japanese products, in protest against Japanese investments in Thailand.
On 6 October 1973, Thirayuth and 12 other student activists were arrested by the Praphas government for sedition after they distributed leaflets demanding a new constitution. Rumors spread that they had been killed, which sparked massive anti-government protests. The demonstrations reached their peak on 13 October, when about 400,000 protesters gathered in front of the Democracy Monument and the parliament building. That afternoon, Thirayuth and the other students were released, and the king approved plans to draft a new constitution within 12 months.
Thirayuth also played a role in exposing the Internal Security Operations Command's role in a massacre of villagers at Ban Na Sai village in the northeast.
After the student massacre at Thammasat University on 6 October 1976, Thirayuth, as well as many other students and intellectuals fled from the cities to take refuge with the Communist Party of Thailand (CPT) in its jungle strongholds. Thirayuth increasingly became critical of the king, noting in a broadcast on 1 April 1977 that the monarchy was "obsolete and deteriorating", and that "I think that if our people were to destroy it, there would be no adverse effects". After the CPT dissolved itself in the early-1980s, Thirayuth returned to the mainstream of Thai intellectual life, renouncing socialism and rejecting his anti-monarchical statements.
Academic career.
Thirayuth went to the Netherlands to study Philosophy, Sociology and Anthropology at the International Institute of Social Studies in The Hague and University of Nijmegen, earning a "doctorandus" degree (M.A. equivalent). In 1985 returned to Thailand. For many years he has taught in the Faculty of Sociology and Anthropology of Thammasat University. In 1997, he was named one of Thailand's ten most influential public intellectuals. In 2008, Thirayuth became director of the Sanya Dharmasakti Institute for Democracy at Thammasat University. In 2012 he was appointed Professor of Anthropology. In 2015, he moved to Thammasat University's College of Interdisciplinary Studies.
Thirayuth was an outspoken critic of prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra (2001–2006), for whose rule he coined the term "Thaksinocracy".

</doc>
<doc id="6924422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924422" title="Euro 2008 Qualification">
Euro 2008 Qualification



</doc>
<doc id="6924438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924438" title="Pisuquia District">
Pisuquia District

Pisuquia District is one of twenty-three districts of the province Luya in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6924439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924439" title="IORegistryExplorer">
IORegistryExplorer



</doc>
<doc id="6924442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924442" title="Midterm elections">
Midterm elections



</doc>
<doc id="6924444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924444" title="Pisuquia">
Pisuquia



</doc>
<doc id="6924447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924447" title="Matt Priddis">
Matt Priddis

Matthew Harley Priddis (born 21 March 1985) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Prior to being drafted, Priddis won two premierships with the Subiaco Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and also won the 2006 Sandover Medal as the league's best player. An inside midfielder, he debuted for West Coast during the 2006 season, becoming a regular in the team the following season. Priddis won the John Worsfold Medal as West Coast's best and fairest player in the 2013 season, and has been runner-up in the award on another four occasions.
Following Darren Glass's retirement midway through the 2014 season, Priddis was named acting co-captain. At the end of the season, he was awarded the 2014 Brownlow Medal as the competition's best and fairest player, becoming only the third West Coast player to win the award (after Chris Judd and Ben Cousins). He also finished runner-up to Nat Fyfe in the 2015 Brownlow Medal count. In 2017, Priddis broke Lenny Hayes' record for the most career tackles in the AFL, becoming the first player to surpass the 1,500 mark.
Early career.
Priddis was raised in Manjimup, a country town in Western Australia's south-west region, but moved to Perth, the state's capital, as a teenager, playing at junior level for Sorrento–Duncraig. He represented Western Australia at both under-16 and under-18 level respectively, in addition to also making his senior debut for in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) as well, playing two games early in the 2003 season. Priddis became a regular in Subiaco's senior side during the 2004 season. He played 21 games, including Subiaco's win over in the Grand Final, en route to ultimately being named the WAFL's Rising Star at the end of the season. At the end of the season, he was offered a well-paid contract in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL), but turned it down on the advice of Subiaco's coach, Peter German. During the 2005 season, Priddis won Subiaco's best and fairest award, the Tom Outridge Medal, as well as also winning the Simpson Medal as Western Australia's best player in the state game against Queensland. He was subsequently selected by West Coast with the 31st pick in the 2006 Rookie Draft, but only after he had already been overlooked in three previous national drafts.
AFL career.
Priddis made his AFL debut for West Coast midway through the 2006 season, aged 21, recording 19 disposals and five tackles against . He played one further AFL game during the season, against , spending the remainder of the season in the WAFL. Priddis averaged over 31 disposals per game at WAFL level, playing in a second premiership for Subiaco and winning the Sandover Medal with 58 votes at the end of the season, a competition record (since equalled by Kane Mitchell in 2012).
Having been upgraded to West Coast's senior list for the 2007 season, Priddis recorded 45 disposals, 30 handballs, 15 kicks, 5 marks and 3 tackles in round 14, 2008 against Hawthorn. His 30 handpasses was then the highest tally ever recorded (recorded since 1987), until Gary Ablett, Jr. broke the record the following season. During the 2013 season, Priddis played his 150th game for West Coast, becoming a life member of the club. At the end of the season, he was awarded West Coast's best and fairest award, the newly named John Worsfold Medal. He had finished second in the award in 2010, 2011 (tied 1st with Darren Glass but lost on countback), 2014 (his Brownlow season), and 2015.
After Darren Glass retired midway through the 2014 season, Priddis was named acting co-captain of the club for the remainder of the season, along with four other players. He had been a member of the club's leadership group since the 2009 season. He finished the home-and-away-season ranked first in disposals (637) second in contested possessions (330) and third in tackles (161). Priddis was awarded the Brownlow Medal as the AFL's best and fairest player at the end of the season. Polling 26 votes, Priddis became the third West Coast player to win the award and the second person, after Haydn Bunton, Sr., to have won both a Brownlow Medal and a Sandover Medal. He also became the first player to win the award having begun his career on the rookie list. Priddis' best previous finish came in the 2011 Brownlow Medal count when, with 19 votes, he finished equal seventh.
Priddis carried his exceptional form into the 2015 AFL season, playing 24 games and kicking 7 goals. He averaged 29.6 disposals per game and had a total of 711 for the season, which was 84 more disposals than the previous year. Priddis laid a total of 176 tackles, going at 7.3 tackles per game. He was named in the Centre of the 2015 All-Australian team, after missing out on selection in the final team the previous season. He polled a total of 28 votes in the 2015 Brownlow Medal coming a close second behind fellow West Australian, Nat Fyfe. He ultimately finished second behind Andrew Gaff in the John Worsfold Medal. The Eagles made it to the 2015 AFL Grand Final, but were ultimately defeated by Hawthorn, with Priddis being named in the best players, tallying 25 disposals and 7 tackles.
The 2016 AFL season saw Priddis average 27.1 disposals and 8.5 tackles per game, he played 22 games and had a total of 597 disposals for the season. He polled 17 votes in the 2016 Brownlow Medal to finish equal 9th.
After laying 11 tackles against Hawthorn in round five of the 2017 season, Priddis simultaneously broke Lenny Hayes' record for the most AFL career tackles and became the first player to lay 1,500 career tackles.
The 2017 season saw Priddis average 24.7 disposals per game, tallying 519 for the season. He also averaged 7.8 tackles per game and played 21 games.
On 28 July 2017, he announced his retirement from the AFL at the end of the 2017 season. Matt Priddis played the final game of his career in the semi-final, where he collected 30 disposals and 7 tackles in a 67-point loss to the GWS Giants.
Playing style.
Known for his "unusually strong legs and hips", as well as his "thirst for hard work" and "football smarts", Priddis was regarded as both a specialist at stoppages and as "one of the league's most reliable workhorses". He generally played as an inside midfielder and led the AFL in average handballs in 2010, 2011 and 2012, as well as in total handballs in 2011, with additionally high rankings in the categories of both clearances and contested possessions. Priddis was also known for his tackling ability, having averaged more than five tackles per game in all but his first season. His figure of 193 tackles for the 2011 season has only been beaten by teammate Scott Selwood (202 during the same year) since tackles were first recorded in 1987, while his 18 tackles against during the 2014 season is tied for third most tackles in an AFL game. On 23 April 2017, he passed Lenny Hayes' record for the highest number of tackles in a playing career.
Statistics.
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2006
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2007
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2008
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2009
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2010
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2011
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2012
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2015
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2016
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
! colspan=3| Career
! 240
! 73
! 62
! 2463
! 3816
! 6279
! 587
! 1629
! 0.3
! 0.3
! 10.3
! 15.9
! 26.2
! 2.4
! 6.8
Honours and achievements.
AFL
WAFL
Personal life.
Matthew Priddis and his wife, Ashleigh Priddis, a schoolteacher, married in 2009. They have two daughters and one son. Prior to being drafted into the AFL, he worked as a tiler, and was also involved in surf lifesaving. Priddis is distinguishable on the football field by his "distinctive shock of curly hair". He can be spotted at panini cnr at lunch time during the week.

</doc>
<doc id="6924453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924453" title="Sunday Today">
Sunday Today



</doc>
<doc id="6924456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924456" title="Mid-term election">
Mid-term election



</doc>
<doc id="6924459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924459" title="Azeris of Iran">
Azeris of Iran



</doc>
<doc id="6924461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924461" title="Thirayut Boonmee">
Thirayut Boonmee



</doc>
<doc id="6924463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924463" title="Mid-term elections">
Mid-term elections



</doc>
<doc id="6924466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924466" title="Project 1155">
Project 1155



</doc>
<doc id="6924469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924469" title="Thirayut Bunmee">
Thirayut Bunmee



</doc>
<doc id="6924472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924472" title="Anglo-Ethiopian Agreement">
Anglo-Ethiopian Agreement

The Anglo-Ethiopian Agreement was a joint effort between Ethiopia and the United Kingdom at reestablishing Ethiopian independent statehood following the ousting of Italian troops by combined British and Ethiopian forces in 1941 during the Second World War.
There was a prior Anglo-Ethiopian Agreement signed in 1897. This convention involved Menelik II and it largely dealt with the boundary between Hararghe (Ethiopia) and British Somaliland.
Under the agreement.
After the return of Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie to the throne, an interim Anglo-Ethiopian agreement was signed 31 January 1942 between the two governments; Major General Sir Philip Euen Mitchell, Chief Political Officer of the East African British Forces High Command signed on behalf of the United Kingdom. Britain sent civil advisers to assist Selassie with administrative duties and also provide him with military advisors to maintain internal security and to improve and modernize the Ethiopian army. The terms of this agreement confirmed Ethiopia's status as a sovereign state, although the Ogaden region, the border regions with French Somaliland (known as the "Reserved Areas" or Haud ), the Addis Ababa-Djibouti railroad, and the Haud, would remain temporarily under British control. The British also assumed control over currency and foreign exchange as well as imports and exports. Whilst it reconfirmed aspects of the Tripartite Agreement of 1906 and the Klobukowski Agreement of 1908, it also took steps to reverse, for example, the immunity the 1908 agreement afforded to all foreigners from Ethiopian laws, albeit whilst stipulating that the trial of any case brought against a foreigner be presided over by a British judge. Lastly, the agreement contained a clause which permitted the Ethiopians to end the agreement by giving three-months' notice.
The Ethiopians soon found the implementation of this agreement intolerable, although they found it a slight improvement over the prior relationship, in which Ethiopia was treated as an occupied enemy nation. Haile Selassie described one aspect of the prior relationship, "they took all the military equipment captured in Our country... openly and boldly saying that it should not be left for the service of blacks." Another point of contention was British control of Ethiopia's banking and finance, which required all letters of credit to be opened in Aden and required all exports to be cleared through that port, yielding an official profit margin of 9-11%; in addition, all dollars earned by exports to the United States were required to be automatically converted to the pound sterling. The Emperor and his ministers soon began to direct their efforts to three specific points: a new treaty to replace this one; a new currency to replace the East African Shilling which had been imposed on Ethiopia as part of the agreement; and a source for military aid which would ensure Ethiopia would no longer depend on the British.
A British-trained police force eventually replaced the former police who were in the service of local provincial governors. There were two revolts during this time: the Woyane rebellion in eastern Tigray Province, which was suppressed with the assistance of British air support; and the other in the Ogaden which was put down by two battalions of Ethiopian forces.
British Ogaden.
The British Military Administration in Ogaden, or simply "British Ogaden", was the period of British Military Administration from 1941 until 1955. The British came to control Ogaden, and later only Haud, in the aftermath of the East African Campaign in 1941. The British intention was to unite British Ogaden with their colony in Somaliland and the former Italian colony of Somaliland, creating a single polity. This policy was in particular voiced by British Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin. However, during the British administration period Haile Selassie had made several territorial demands, and while his demands for the annexation of former Italian Somaliland might have been a bargaining tactic, he was serious about the return of Ethiopian territories in the Ogaden and the annexation of Eritrea. These requests were ignored by the British, who favoured a separate Eritrean entity, and a Greater Somalia. However, after continued Ethiopian deliberations and pressure from the United States, this policy was abandoned.
The process of reversing the effects of World War II on Ethiopia did not completely end until 1955, when Ethiopia was restored to its internationally recognised borders of 1935, from before the Italian invasion. The British ceded Ogaden to Ethiopia in 1948, with the remaining British control over Haud being relinquished in 1955. After the decision to cede Ogaden to Ethiopia became public there were numerous calls, as well as violent insurgencies, intended to reverse this decision. The movement to gain self-determination from Addis Ababa has continued into the 21st century.
Negotiating a new agreement.
Despite Ethiopian distaste for the agreement, both the Emperor and his innermost group of ministers were reluctant to actually submit the notice required to end the agreement. A set of proposals for a new agreement submitted to the British at the beginning of 1944 was summarily rejected. As John Spencer, an American advisor to Ethiopia in international law during this period, explains, "They feared retaliation in the form of a re-occupation of the province of Tigré, south of Eritrea, and of Sidamo and Gemu Gofa bordering on Kenya, and just possibly other areas in the west such as the provinces of Wollega and Illubabor. These fears were the subject of endless discussions with me." In the end, Ethiopian officials overcame their trepidation and had the three-month notice of termination delivered to the British chargé d'affaires 25 May 1944 along with a request for the prompt negotiations of a new agreement. By this time, the United States had not only re-established its diplomatic mission in Ethiopia, but declared the country eligible for Lend-Lease, providing a vital boost to Ethiopian officials in their negotiation with the United Kingdom.
The initial British response was silence. Only after the Ethiopian government reminded them of the expiry of the agreement 16 August and that they were looking forward to receiving possession of the railway and administration of the Haud and Reserved Area, did the British respond. Initially the British attempted to delay the termination of the agreement, claiming it could not accommodate the Ethiopian demands, and settled for a two-month extension for the date to hand the properties over. A negotiating team led by the Earl de la Warr arrived 26 September, and over the following months both sides argued until 19 December 1944, when a new Anglo-Ethiopian agreement was signed and Britain agreed to relinquish several advantages they had enjoyed in Ethiopia. Specifically Britain would remove her garrisons, except from the Ogaden; open Ethiopia's airfields (heretofore restricted to British traffic) to all Allied aircraft; and give up direct control of the Ethiopian section of the Addis Ababa-Djibouti railroad. The new agreement also revoked British precedence over other foreign representatives. However, perhaps more important was the usage of the word "ally" in the agreement. Not only did this remove any further basis for considering Ethiopia "enemy territory"—as General Mitchell had claimed—but it also prevented the possibility Ethiopia from being denied a seat at the future peace conference, which happened in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="6924480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924480" title="Beaufortia">
Beaufortia

Beaufortia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6924483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924483" title="Teerayut Boonmee">
Teerayut Boonmee



</doc>
<doc id="6924487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924487" title="Theerayuth Boonmee">
Theerayuth Boonmee



</doc>
<doc id="6924489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924489" title="The One Where Chandler Can't Cry">
The One Where Chandler Can't Cry



</doc>
<doc id="6924493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924493" title="Theerayut Boonmee">
Theerayut Boonmee



</doc>
<doc id="6924495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924495" title="Sollicitudo omnium ecclesiarum">
Sollicitudo omnium ecclesiarum

Sollicitudo omnium ecclesiarum ("The care of all Churches") was a papal bull issued in 1814 by Pope Pius VII, reestablishing the Society of Jesus (Jesuits) after its suppression by the 1773 breve issued by Clement XIV, "Dominus ac Redemptor". Nevertheless, the order continued to exist in some places. Pius VII had earlier, with the brief "Catholicae Fidei" (March 7, 1801), approved the existence of the Society of Jesus in Russia. The Vicar General, Franciszek Kareu, was declared "Superior General of the Jesuits in Russia".
Pope Paul VI issued an encyclical letter, also named "Sollicitudo omnium ecclesiarum", on June 24, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="6924501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924501" title="Providencia District">
Providencia District

Providencia is a district of the province of Luya, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="6924502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924502" title="Atçalı Kel Mehmet">
Atçalı Kel Mehmet

Atçalı Kel Mehmet Efe ( 1780–1830) was a Zeybek who led a local revolt against Ottoman authority and established control of the Aydın region for a short period between 1829 and 1830 ("during the reign of" Mahmud II).
Early Ages.
Kel Mehmet was born in about 1780 to a Turkish peasant family in Atça. According to the legend, while he was an ordinary young man, he witnessed the fight between a tiny, sick dog and three healthy, powerful dogs. After being beaten for a long time, the tiny dog ends up in an alley with no exit. At that point, it fights back with his final energy and gets rid of its opponents. Inspired by the tiny dog, Mehmet established an analogy between the situation and the relation between the Ottoman reign and Anatolian peasants, and decided to go out to the mountains as an outlaw.
Revolt.
In 1829, Mehmet started a revolt in Kuyucak a town near Atça, demanding tax cuts, fair laws, and shorter military service. As the people were tired of the heavy tax load and endless military service from continuous wars of the declining empire, he quickly gained popularity. After he controlled Aydın, people from neighboring regions also subscribed to his authority.
Although this was a revolt against the Ottoman Empire, he stayed loyal to the Padishah. Under his rule he collected taxes in the name of the Padishah and sent the money collected to the capital. On the coins he provided, he wrote his famous quote:&lt;br&gt;
"Vali-i Vilayet Hademe-i Devlet Atçalı Kel Mehmet" ("meaning" "Head of the Province, Servant of The State, from Atça; the Bald Mehmet").
Death and legacy.
The Ottoman Empire was struggling with ongoing revolts in those years. Obviously the Padishah didn't approve of Atçalı's rule, and sent his forces to regain control of Aydın. Eventually, Atçalı was killed in a combat against the Sultan's forces in 1830.
Due to his courage, he became a prominent figure in the region. He influenced many other Efe's including Yoruk Ali Efe and Demirci Mehmet Efe. There is a statue of him in Atça.

</doc>
<doc id="6924507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924507" title="Sir John Dashwood-King, 4th Baronet">
Sir John Dashwood-King, 4th Baronet

Sir John Dashwood-King, 4th Baronet (1765 – 22 October 1849) was a British Tory politician and country gentleman.
The son of Sir John Dashwood-King, 3rd Baronet and half-nephew of Francis Dashwood, 11th Baron le Despencer, he shared little of their cultured and hedonistic ways and was a pious churchgoer. He was educated at the Middle Temple and Christ Church, Oxford.
On 29 August 1789, he married Mary Anne Broadhead (d. 19 January 1844), the great-granddaughter of Theodore, Baron Brinckman; they had seven children:
An unfortunate incident ensued in 1800, when he suspected his wife of being overly intimate with the Prince of Wales and made her leave London for Bourton.
In 1793, he inherited the baronetcy and West Wycombe Park, and stood unsuccessfully as the Parliamentary candidate for the borough of Wycombe. He was elected in 1796, holding the seat until 1831, playing an active role in local politics as well. An independent Tory, he was mobbed in Wycombe for his opposition to the Reform Bill in 1831, and left Parliament in 1831, preferring not to contest the election of 1832.
Much given to country life, he established the Bourton Hunt, a pack of harriers, at his Bourton estate in Gloucestershire and was also considered an excellent judge of horses. He disliked his country seat at West Wycombe as unsuitable for hunting and too expensive to maintain and attempted to sell it to the Duke of Somerset, but was unable to do so. He preferred to live in Halton House, near Aylesbury.
Due to heavy investment in land in Buckinghamshire, he died burdened by poverty and crushing debt and was succeeded in the baronetcy by George Henry, who was Liberal Member for Buckinghamshire and for Wycombe until his death in 1862, when it passed briefly to George Henry's brother John Richard and then to the son of his other brother Edwin.

</doc>
<doc id="6924508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924508" title="B&amp;F">
B&amp;F



</doc>
<doc id="6924510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924510" title="Inter-Collegiate Sailing Association National Championships">
Inter-Collegiate Sailing Association National Championships

The Inter-Collegiate Sailing Association (ICSA) holds National Championships in seven different categories: 
The college team that compiles the best overall record in the six categories is awarded the Leonard M. Fowle Trophy.
Teams must qualify for the National Championships through conference championships. All regattas are scored low-point with no throw-out races. Racing is done on short courses. Boats are usually rotated each race so that each team sails each boat in the fleet once. 
The ICSA National Championships rotate amongst ICSA's seven different conferences each year.
Since college sailing is a fall and spring sport, three of these championships are held in the fall and four are held in the spring. 
Fall.
Women’s Single-handed, Men’s Single-Handed, and Match Racing Championships are conducted in the fall. The single-handed championships are usually sailed during a single regatta in early November in builder-supplied Lasers (open) Laser Radials (women).
Spring.
Women’s Dinghy, Coed Dinghy, and Team Racing Championships occur in the spring, at the "ICSA National Championship" Regatta, in May. It's hosted by a member school of the Intercollegiate Sailing Association. The most prestigious of these categories, by tradition and stature, is the Coed Dinghy Championship, the oldest of the national championships (sailed since 1937) and if a school wins this event they are considered to have won THE national championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="6924514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924514" title="Wu Fu Chai">
Wu Fu Chai



</doc>
<doc id="6924522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924522" title="Westholme">
Westholme

Westholme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6924524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924524" title="San Cristóbal District, Luya">
San Cristóbal District, Luya

San Cristóbal is a district of the Luya Province, Peru. San Cristóbal offers several attractive places for tourists, such as ruins of the Chachapoya culture and beautiful waterfalls.
The management holidays of the capital Bribe is celebrated in the holiday of St Christopher, on September 19. As typical meals there are Chochoca and the stew known as Caransho, among others.
In the north the District of San Cristóbal borders San Jerónimo District, in the east Valera District, and in the south Lámud District and Luya District.

</doc>
<doc id="6924534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924534" title="George of Naples">
George of Naples

George (died 739) was the Duke of Naples for a decade beginning in 729. 
George succeeded Theodore I and continued his prudent policy of balancing between the Byzantine Empire and the papacy, at that time embroiled in a conflict over the iconoclastic controversy. He was succeeded by Gregory I.
An ancient monument dedicated to George can be found at Terracina.

</doc>
<doc id="6924535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924535" title="Mirror mask">
Mirror mask



</doc>
<doc id="6924539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924539" title="San Francisco del Yeso District">
San Francisco del Yeso District

San Francisco del Yeso is a district of Luya Province, Peru. One of its best-known attractions are the ruins of Chachapoya. The region is famous for its plaster mines and crafts.
Its official holiday is on September 23, but religious festivities take place from September 23–27. Special foods consumed during these celebrations are the Locro and Cuy.
On the north, the district borders Santo Tomás Luya; on the East, it borders Castilla Chachapoyas and Montevideo Chachapoyas; on the south it borders Leymebamba Chachapoyas; and on the west, it borders Cocabamba.

</doc>
<doc id="6924542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924542" title="Nicolas Pineau">
Nicolas Pineau

Nicolas Pineau (1684–1754) was a French carver and ornamental designer, one of the leaders who initiated the exuberant style of the French "rocaille" or Rococo. He worked in St. Petersburg and Paris.
Pineau, the son of the carver Jean-Baptiste Pineau (died 1694), who appears in the Bâtiments du Roi accounts for Versailles and elsewhere from 1680, was the outstanding talent among those designers and craftsmen who accompanied Alexandre Le Blond to St. Petersburg in 1716. His Russian contracts were for designing and carving "doors, chimney pieces, frames, table frames and other ornaments and designs". Le Blond's premature death in 1719 left Pineau the leading French decorative artist in Russia, called upon for a variety of decorations and even to give architectural designs. His chief work in Russia is the design and carving of the Grand Cabinet of Peter the Great in Peterhof, which the Tsar showed, newly complete, in August 1721. Unlike many works by French artists abroad, its distribution is entirely French, featuring central opposed mirrors over low chimneypieces, flanked by carved panels and double doors. The richly carved panels in varying relief with bold central cartouches and military trophies follow surviving drawings by Pineau.
His contract expired in 1726, though he lingered to the beginning of the Russian New Year the following March. On his return to Paris, Pineau found the Régence manner had been transformed in the decade of his absence by the carver-designer François-Antoine Vassé and the designer Gilles-Marie Oppenord (see Rococo). Surprised to find the field of architecture currently well filled by highly competent Paris-trained practitioners, Jacques-François Blondel reported, he depended upon his own specialty of designs for carving, and enjoyed a "vogue extraordinaire." He associated himself particularly with the architect Jean-Baptiste Leroux, who afforded him free rein in designing interiors. The later reaction against the Rococo ensured that most of these crucial works were destroyed through neglect: Pineau's work is amply documented, however, in his surviving drawings and in engravings, witnesses to his delicacy of relief, the extreme attenuation of his mouldings and the free interplay of tendril and interlace (Kimball, p. 163). Individually asymmetrical panels exhibit the Rococo concept of "contraste", finding their balance in corresponding features on the other side of a central panel or mirror frame. Pierced rims of expanded shellwork are combined with naturalistic sprays of flowers. At the top of the walls, the upper molding of the cove that joins walls to ceiling no longer follows the outlines of the room but sweeps boldly to join together the cartouches that spring from the corners.
Pineau's designs were well represented in engravings, which disseminated Parisian styles across Europe. "It was Pineau who was primarily responsible for the creation and the adoption of the "genre pittoresque" in French interiors. Earlier than Meissonnier, he designed and executed rooms fully incorporating the crucial innovations. Far more than Meissonnier or any other, he fixed the character and type of detail destined to prevail in France. Among all the works, his own were to remain unsurpassed."

</doc>
<doc id="6924544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924544" title="San Francisco del Yeso">
San Francisco del Yeso



</doc>
<doc id="6924557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924557" title="Crescenzi">
Crescenzi

Crescenzi () is an Italian surname derived from the given name Crescenzo or Crescenzio. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="6924558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924558" title="Worship the Glitch">
Worship the Glitch

Worship the Glitch is the only full-length album by "ELpH vs. Coil", released in 1995, though an EP called "Born Again Pagans" is also credited to "Coil vs. ELpH". ELpH is the alias name that Coil used to describe random musical compositions that were generated from their own equipment, either by itself or as an unintended yet pleasant byproduct of their own work; for these reasons, this album can be essentially considered de facto as a Coil album.
Background.
John Balance, Peter Christopherson and Drew McDowall are credited for creating "Worship the Glitch". "Mono" is a cover version of Nancy Sinatra's "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)", consisting of a heavily processed guitar solo.
The first 500 copies of the CD were a special edition, which included a reflective cover. The 2X10" vinyl format was released in an edition of 2,000 numbered copies. There were also forty copies released with handmade covers by Jhonn Balance; some painted and some assembled by collage, each signed and given a unique title. The vinyl version uses slightly different track indexing than its CD counterpart.
The vinyl has the following etchings:

</doc>
<doc id="6924564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924564" title="Scott Taylor">
Scott Taylor

Scott Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6924568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924568" title="Paul Sultan">
Paul Sultan

Paul Sultan was a labour economist, born in 1924 in Vancouver, Canada, died in 2019 Edwardsville, Illinois
Education.
After serving as an aircraft pilot during World War II for the Royal Canadian Air Force, he pursued an academic career at Cornell University, the University at Buffalo, Claremont Graduate School in California, UCLA, Simon Fraser University and the University of Southern Illinois.
Writings.
His early text, "Labour Economics", pioneered the relationship between the inflation rate and the unemployment rate, now known as the Phillips curve, which Sultan was the first to represent as a graph. Sultan has written five books and hundreds of articles, monographs and position papers. In recognition of his work in labour-management relations he was honoured in 1997 through being admitted to the Southwestern Illinois Labour Management Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="6924571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924571" title="Jersey Bounce">
Jersey Bounce

"Jersey Bounce" is a song written by Tiny Bradshaw, Eddie Johnson, and Bobby Plater with lyrics by Buddy Feyne who used the pseudonym Robert B. Wright.
Background.
It hit No. 1 for four weeks in 1942 as an instrumental recorded by Benny Goodman and his orchestra. It also charted that same year by Jimmy Dorsey (No. 9) and Shep Fields (No. 15). Versions of "Jersey Bounce" were performed by Glenn Miller, Harry James, Red Norvo, Jan Savitt, Ella Fitzgerald, Ella Mae Morse, and The King Sisters.
During World War II the title was popular as a nickname for aircraft. One of the first examples was a B-24D Liberator that served in the Eighth Air Force with the 93rd Bomb Group at Alconbury, England, in 1942 and 1943. It was the name of two B-17 Flying Fortress bombers in the 303rd Bomb Group stationed at Molesworth, England. After it was taken out of commission, the "Jersey Bounce 2" replaced it. At least four other Bombardment Groups had B-17 bombers named "Jersey Bounce". Assigned to the 91st Bomb Group, 324th Squadron (DF-H) at Bassingbourn, England, another B-17F (4124515) was named "Jersey Bounce", by pilot, Lt. Phillip Fischer, when the bomber was assigned to him in September 1942.
Another example was from the 336th Fighter Squadron of the 4th Fighter Group, where Lt. Col. Donald F. Pierini named all three of his P-51 (B,C, &amp;D) fighters "Jersey Bounce". "Jersey Bounce I" was destroyed in a mid-air collision in 1944. "Jersey Bounce II" was retired after a number of missions. "Jersey Bounce III" was shot down in 1945 but under a different pilot.
Lyrics.
The lyrics begin:
&lt;poem&gt;
They call it the Jersey Bounce
A rhythm that really counts
The temperature always mounts
Whenever they play the funny rhythm they play
It started on Journal Square
And Somebody heard it there
They put it right on the air
And now you'll hear it everywhere...
&lt;/poem&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6924573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924573" title="San Jerónimo District, Luya">
San Jerónimo District, Luya

San Jerónimo is a district of the province of Luya. San Jerónimo offers several attractive places for tourists as ruins of the culture Chachapoya. Also he stands out for some gorges and beautiful Cataracts.
The management holidays of the capital Paclas it is celebrated on August 5. As typical meals the Soup of Chochoca is known with Bacon, Locrito Frijol and the Nickname Peeled between others.
In the north the District of San Jerónimo has border with the District of Jazan and the District of Shipasbamba, in the East with the District of San Carlos and the District of Churuja, in the south with the District of St Kitts and the Saint's District Catalina (Luya) and in the west with the District of Jamalca.

</doc>
<doc id="6924575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924575" title="Henry R. Hamner">
Henry R. Hamner



</doc>
<doc id="6924576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924576" title="Raúl Esparza">
Raúl Esparza

Raúl Eduardo Esparza (born October 24, 1970) is an American actor. Considered one of Broadway's most prominent leading men since the 2000s, he is best known for his Tony Award-nominated performance as Bobby in the 2006 Broadway revival of "Company" and for his television role as New York Assistant District Attorney (ADA) Rafael Barba in "", where he had a recurring role in Season 14 and was promoted to a series regular in Seasons 15 to 19.
He made his Broadway début in 2000 as Riff Raff in the revival of "The Rocky Horror Show." Subsequently, he starred as Jonathan in the original Off-Broadway production of "Tick, Tick... Boom!" and Caractacus Potts in the original Broadway production of "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" in 2005. He received Tony nominations for his roles as Philip Sallon in the Boy George musical "Taboo" in 2004; Bobby in the musical comedy "Company" in 2006; Lenny in Harold Pinter's play "The Homecoming" in 2008; and Charlie Fox in David Mamet's play "Speed-the-Plow" in 2009. Most recently, he starred in the Off-Broadway productions "Road Show" and "Seared" in 2019, and "Oliver!" in 2023.
Esparza has been nominated in all Tony categories for which an actor is eligible. He is widely regarded for his versatility on stage, having performed musicals by Andrew Lloyd Webber, Stephen Sondheim, Kander and Ebb, Boy George, the Sherman Brothers and in plays by Mamet, Pinter, William Shakespeare, Tom Stoppard, and more.
His film work includes Sidney Lumet's "Find Me Guilty" and Wes Craven's "My Soul to Take", and his television credits include roles on "The Path", "Medium", "Hannibal" and "Pushing Daisies". He narrated the audiobook for Stephen King's "Under the Dome" as well as several others, and he has sung in concerts across the country.
Early life.
Raúl Esparza was born in Wilmington, Delaware, to Cuban parents, María Elena Cecilia García y Gutiérrez and Raúl Esparza y Rues, who had fled Fidel Castro's regime. While his paternal grandfather had been established in Castro's sugar ministry, his father's family grew disillusioned with the government and, in 1966, his father and grandmother escaped to the U.S. by boat, while his grandfather defected through Spain. Esparza's maternal grandfather had originally moved to Cuba from Figueres, Alt Empordà, Catalonia, Spain.
Esparza was raised in Miami, Florida. He graduated from Belen Jesuit in 1988 and won a Silver Knight Award in Drama that same year. In 1992, Esparza received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Drama and a Bachelor's degree in English from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
Esparza participated in the genealogy program "Finding Your Roots", during Season 8, Episode 3. He learned during the episode that his Catalan great-great-grandparents founded Garcia de Pou Restaurant Supply Store in Madrid, still owned and operated by members of his family. He also learned that another branch of his family came from the small town of Navata, Girona, Catalonia, Spain, where they can be traced back fourteen generations.
Career.
Theatre.
Broadway theatre.
Esparza first drew attention with his performance in the 2000 Broadway revival of "The Rocky Horror Show", which won him the Theatre World Award. Esparza's other Broadway credits include "Cabaret" (2001), "Taboo" (2003), "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (2005), and Stephen Sondheim's "Company" (2006). He received a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical at the 58th Tony Awards and won a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical for his performance in "Taboo". His performance in "Company" earned him a second Tony nomination, this time for Best Actor in a Musical at the 61st Tony Awards, as well as his second Drama Desk Award, this time for Outstanding Actor in a Musical. Beginning in November 2007, he appeared in Harold Pinter's play "The Homecoming" and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play at the 62nd Tony Awards. In 2008, he played Charlie Fox in the revival of David Mamet's "Speed-the-Plow" co-starring Jeremy Piven and Elisabeth Moss on Broadway. His performance in "Speed-the-Plow" earned him a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play at the 63rd Tony Awards, making him the second performer (after Boyd Gaines) to be nominated in all four acting categories a performer is eligible for at the Tonys, although he has yet to win one.
Esparza appeared in a limited-engagement revival of Tom Stoppard's "Arcadia", which began previews at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on February 25, 2011, and opened on March 17, 2011.
Esparza appeared in the musical "Leap of Faith" in the role of the "Reverend" Jonas Nightingale. He was involved in the workshop in 2008, the out-of-town tryout at the Ahmanson Theatre (Los Angeles) in 2010, and the Broadway production in 2012, for which he received a 2012 Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Actor in a Musical.
Other theatre.
In 1999, Esparza played Che in the national tour of "Evita", opposite Natalie Toro. The tour was intended to open on Broadway, but failed to do so. In 2001, he appeared Off-Broadway in "tick, tick... BOOM!" by Jonathan Larson, garnering a Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Actor in a Musical. He appeared in two musicals by Stephen Sondheim, "Sunday in the Park with George" and "Merrily We Roll Along" at the 2002 Kennedy Center Sondheim Celebration. He also appeared as the Arbiter in the Actors Fund of America concert of Tim Rice's "Chess" in September 2003.
In 2009, Esparza starred in a production of William Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" at the Delacorte Theater (New York) with Anne Hathaway, from June 25 through July 12. He starred as J. Bowden Hapgood in the New York City Center Encores! staged concert production of "Anyone Can Whistle" from April 8 to 11, 2010, opposite Sutton Foster as Fay Apple and Donna Murphy as the Mayoress Cora Hoover Hooper.
In July 2013, Esparza starred in a production of "The Cradle Will Rock" at the New York City Center.
In February 2018, Esparza played Freddie Trumper in the Kennedy Center's revival of Tim Rice's "Chess". From October to December 2018, Esparza played the title role in Classic Stage Company's Off-Broadway production of "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui." He was nominated for the 2019 Drama Desk Award for Best Actor for the role.
In July 2019, Esparza appeared in a production of "Road Show" at the New York City Center. In October of the same year, Esparza played Harry in the off-Broadway comedy "Seared" by Theresa Rebeck.
In April 2020, he was a host, executive producer, and performer in "", a virtual concert in honor of the 90th birthday of composer Stephen Sondheim benefiting the charity organization ASTEP (Artists Striving to End Poverty).
In December 2022, Esparza was a guest narrator at Disney's Candlelight Processional at Walt Disney World. In 2023, he starred as Fagin in "Oliver!" in New York's Encores! two-week run. In 2023, it was announced that he would star in the world premiere of the musical "Galileo" at Berkeley Repertory Theatre in summer 2024.
Television.
In 2007, Esparza had a recurring role on the TV show "Pushing Daisies" as traveling salesman Alfredo Aldarisio, a role originally given to Paul Reubens. In 2009, Esparza recorded the audiobook "Under the Dome" by Stephen King. He has done narration for "The House of the Scorpion" by Nancy Farmer and "The Book of Unholy Mischief" by Elle Newmark. In January 2010, Esparza performed opposite Lucie Arnaz, Desi Arnaz Jr., and Valarie Pettiford at the 92Y's "Lyrics and Lyricist" event honoring Desi Arnaz and his orchestra, "Babalu: The American Songbook Goes Latin". In 2010, Esparza appeared as Abel Plenkov in Wes Craven's "My Soul to Take".
From 2013 to 2015, Esparza appeared in the recurring role of Dr. Frederick Chilton in "Hannibal". He appeared in the 2016 film "Custody", written and directed by James Lapine, as Luis Sanjaro an Administration for Children's Services agent.
"Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit".
In 2012, Esparza became a recurring actor on the long-running NBC drama series ' as Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Rafael Barba, starting in the third episode of the show's , "Twenty-Five Acts". He appeared in 11 episodes of the show's 14th season. On July 17, 2013, he was promoted to series regular for the show's . His character became the first series-regular ADA since Stephanie March's character Alexandra Cabot in the and the first regular male ADA in series history. His role on "SVU" was not his first "Law &amp; Order" franchise role, however, as he had previously portrayed ADA Kevin Mulrooney in a 2009 episode, "Lady's Man", of ', and Dennis Di Palma, a suspect in "Blackmail", a 2010 season 20 episode of the original "Law &amp; Order". On February 7, 2018, Esparza left "SVU" in the episode "The Undiscovered Country" after six seasons on the show.
Although having left the series to return to the stage, Esparza has been back on the show, making a very brief cameo before the main title in the episode "Redemption in Her Corner". He made another guest appearance in episode "Sightless in a Savage Land" and in the finale, "A Final Call at Forlini's Bar.
Personal life.
Esparza married Michele Marie Perez, his high-school girlfriend, in 1994. They divorced in 2008. Esparza was the subject of a "New York Times" profile in 2006 in which he revealed that he is bisexual.
Theater credits.
Selected credits

</doc>
<doc id="6924578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924578" title="Alexander Georgiev">
Alexander Georgiev

Alexander Sergeyevich Georgiev (; born 17 July 1975) is a Russian draughts player. He won the world championship in international draughts in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2011, 2013 (two time), 2015 (two time), 2019. In 2018 he was second at the world championship in Frisian draughts. Russian national champion (13 times).

</doc>
<doc id="6924583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924583" title="Henry Kawlings Hamner">
Henry Kawlings Hamner



</doc>
<doc id="6924584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924584" title="Predacon">
Predacon

Predacon may refer to the following character factions in the Transformers franchise:

</doc>
<doc id="6924591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924591" title="Henry Hamner">
Henry Hamner



</doc>
<doc id="6924595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924595" title="Sankai Juku">
Sankai Juku

 is an internationally known butoh dance troupe. Co-founded by Amagatsu Ushio in 1975, they are touring worldwide, performing and teaching. As of 2010, Sankai Juku had performed in 43 countries and visited more than 700 cities.
Amagatsu Ushio.
Amagatsu continues as the group's director, choreographer, designer and dancer. He trained in classical as well as modern dance before he developed his own "second-generation" Butoh style. He maintains that "butoh is a dialogue with the gravity," while other dance forms tend to revel in escape from gravity. He sees his dance, in contrast, is based on "sympathizing or synchronizing" with gravity.
Sankai Juku and butoh.
Butoh's source is the Japanese avant-garde of the 1960s, a period when Japan struggled with the lingering effects of the atomic bomb detonations at Hiroshima and Nagasaki that ended World War II. Originally called "ankoku butoh," or "dance of darkness," the medium created a space for the intensely grotesque and perverse on the stage. Amagatsu's work exhibits the conventional tensions of butoh and envelops them in a mood of emotional stillness. “Sankai Juku” means "sea and mountain lodgings".
Sankai Juku's dancers have, like other typical Butoh dancers, shaved heads and bodies covered in white powder. They may be costumed, partially costumed, or almost unclothed. Rarely wearing typical “street” clothing onstage, they sometimes wear long skirt-like garments.
The all-male company's work is performed by as few as six dancers eschewing the movements typical of modern or other dance forms. The performances are characterized by slow, mesmerizing passages, often using repetition and incorporating the whole body, sometimes focusing only on the feet or fingers. Sometimes minuscule movement or no movement is discernible and one is presented a meditative vision of statuesque postures or groupings. Occasionally recognizable emotive postures and gestures are used, notably contorted body shapes and facial expressions conveying ecstasy and perhaps more often, pain and silent “shrieks.” Frequently, ritualized formal patterns are employed, smoothly evolving or abruptly fractured into quick, sharp, seemingly disjointed sequences whose symbolism or “meanings” are obscure.
Music and sound effects are employed, often repetitiously, and range from dynamic drumming to jazz, natural sounds such as wind, sirens, etc., to electronic music and sounds so soft as to be barely perceptible – and periods of silence. Spare scenic backgrounds, delicately nuanced lighting and arresting props (in "Kinkan Shonen," a live peacock) add to the ethereal nature of their performances.
Tours and debuts.
In 1980, Sankai Juku performed for the first time in Europe, playing at the Nancy International Festival in France and that same year at Festival d'Avignon. The company remained in Europe for four years, appearing at the Edinburgh Festival, the Madrid International Festival and the International Cervantino Festival. In 1984 the group made North American debuts at the Toronto International Festival and the Los Angeles Olympic Arts Festival. They subsequently toured extensively in North America and Canada.
Since 1990 Sankai Juku has performed in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Indonesia, and Malaysia. They made a Russia and East European tour in 1998.
1985 Accident.
A signature motif in a work titled "Sholiba" involves a performer suspended upside down. This feat is performed outside, with the dancers suspended from the front of buildings. On September 10, 1985, in Seattle, Washington, one of the original members of the troupe, Yoshiyuki Takada, participating in a demonstration, died in a hospital shortly after his supporting rope gave way. Sponsors said that the rigging had been successfully tested with sandbags just before the performance and that this act had been performed "hundreds of times." Only one rope was tested with a 50lb of sand. The troupe continued the upside down hangings, notably outside the National Theatre in Washington, D.C., on May 12, 1986, and in their performances of "Kinkan Shonen" at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in February 2008.
Repertoire and commissions.
While keeping early works in their repertoire, the group has premiered new pieces, one almost every other year. Théâtre de la Ville in Paris, France has commissioned 13 of their productions, indicated by "TVP" below.
Among their works are:
Awards and recognition.
1982, "Kinkan Shonen" was awarded the Grand Prix of Belgrade International Theatre Festival.&lt;br&gt;
1982, "Kinkan Shonen" was awarded the TZ Rose at the Munich Theatre Festival.&lt;br&gt;
2002, "HIBIKI" won the 26th Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Dance Production.&lt;br&gt;
2007, "TOKI" received "Grand Prix of the 6th The Asahi Performing Arts Awards" and Sankai Juku received "Kirin Special Grant for Dance."
Other references.
Playbill for The Kennedy Center, February 2008

</doc>
<doc id="6924598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924598" title="Society for Anthropological Sciences">
Society for Anthropological Sciences

The Society for Anthropological Sciences (SASci) is a scholarly association whose goal is to promote the development of empirical theory and methods in anthropology. It was created in 2004 as one of many "interest groups" in the American Anthropological Association (AAA). According to SASci's "History" the impetus was that "in 2004 a substantial group of more scientifically oriented panels that had been proposed for the annual meetings of the AAA was rejected for lack of an interested section."
The group took an active part in 2010 controversies within the AAAS concerning the role of sciences in anthropology. 
SASci's activities include an annual Carol R. Ember Book Prize, the bi-annual H. Russell Bernard Graduate Student Paper Prize ($500), and biannual awards for the two best student presentations at the AAAS annual meeting and at the SASci spring meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="6924601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924601" title="Geo Magazine">
Geo Magazine



</doc>
<doc id="6924608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924608" title="Wooler (motocycles)">
Wooler (motocycles)



</doc>
<doc id="6924614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924614" title="Holidays in Zimbabwe">
Holidays in Zimbabwe



</doc>
<doc id="6924617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924617" title="Voyage of the Jerle Shannara">
Voyage of the Jerle Shannara



</doc>
<doc id="6924618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924618" title="Hul’qumi’num language">
Hul’qumi’num language



</doc>
<doc id="6924622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924622" title="Nikolai Fechin">
Nikolai Fechin



</doc>
<doc id="6924623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924623" title="Heterogeneous ribonucleoprotein particle">
Heterogeneous ribonucleoprotein particle

Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins (hnRNPs) are complexes of RNA and protein present in the cell nucleus during gene transcription and subsequent post-transcriptional modification of the newly synthesized RNA (pre-mRNA). The presence of the proteins bound to a pre-mRNA molecule serves as a signal that the pre-mRNA is not yet fully processed and therefore not ready for export to the cytoplasm. Since most mature RNA is exported from the nucleus relatively quickly, most RNA-binding protein in the nucleus exist as heterogeneous ribonucleoprotein particles. After splicing has occurred, the proteins remain bound to spliced introns and target them for degradation.
hnRNPs are also integral to the 40S subunit of the ribosome and therefore important for the translation of mRNA in the cytoplasm. However, hnRNPs also have their own nuclear localization sequences (NLS) and are therefore found mainly in the nucleus. Though it is known that a few hnRNPs shuttle between the cytoplasm and nucleus, immunofluorescence microscopy with hnRNP-specific antibodies shows nucleoplasmic localization of these proteins with little staining in the nucleolus or cytoplasm. This is likely because of its major role in binding to newly transcribed RNAs. High-resolution immunoelectron microscopy has shown that hnRNPs localize predominantly to the border regions of chromatin, where it has access to these nascent RNAs.
The proteins involved in the hnRNP complexes are collectively known as heterogeneous ribonucleoproteins. They include protein K and polypyrimidine tract-binding protein (PTB), which is regulated by phosphorylation catalyzed by protein kinase A and is responsible for suppressing RNA splicing at a particular exon by blocking access of the spliceosome to the polypyrimidine tract. hnRNPs are also responsible for strengthening and inhibiting splice sites by making such sites more or less accessible to the spliceosome. Cooperative interactions between attached hnRNPs may encourage certain splicing combinations while inhibiting others.
Role in cell cycle and DNA damage.
hnRNPs affect several aspects of the cell cycle by recruiting, splicing, and co-regulating certain cell cycle control proteins. Much of hnRNPs' importance to cell cycle control is evidenced by its role as an oncogene, in which a loss of its functions results in various common cancers. Often, misregulation by hnRNPs is due to splicing errors, but some hnRNPs are also responsible for recruiting and guiding the proteins themselves, rather than just addressing nascent RNAs.
BRCA1.
hnRNP C is a key regulator of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes. In response to ionizing radiation, hnRNP C partially localizes to the site of DNA damage, and when depleted, S-phase progression of the cell is impaired. Additionally, BRCA1 and BRCA2 levels fall when hnRNP C is lost. BRCA1 and BRCA2 are crucial tumor-suppressor genes which are strongly implicated in breast cancers when mutated. BRCA1 in particular causes G2/M cell cycle arrest in response to DNA damage via the CHEK1 signaling cascade. hnRNP C is important for the proper expression of other tumor suppressor genes including RAD51 and BRIP1 as well. Through these genes, hnRNP is necessary to induce cell-cycle arrest in response to DNA damage by ionizing radiation.
HER2.
HER2 is overexpressed in 20-30% of breast cancers and is commonly associated with poor prognosis. It is therefore an oncogene whose differently spliced variants have been shown to have different functions. Knocking down hnRNP H1 was shown to increase the amount of an oncogenic variant Δ16HER2. HER2 is an upstream regulator of cyclin D1 and p27, and its overexpression leads to the deregulation of the G1/S checkpoint.
p53.
hnRNPs also play a role in DNA damage response in coordination with p53. hnRNP K is rapidly induced after DNA damage by ionizing radiation. It cooperates with p53 to induce the activation of p53 target genes, thus activating cell-cycle checkpoints. p53 itself is an important tumor-suppressor gene sometimes known by the epithet “the guardian of the genome.” hnRNP K’s close association with p53 demonstrates its importance in DNA damage control.
p53 regulates a large group of RNAs that are not translated into protein, called large intergenic noncoding RNAs (lincRNAs). p53 suppression of genes is often carried out by a number of these lincRNAs, which in turn have been shown to act though hnRNP K. Through physical interactions with these molecules, hnRNP K is targeted to genes and transmits p53 regulation, thus acting as a key repressor within the p53-dependent transcriptional pathway.
Functions.
hnRNP serves a variety of processes in the cell, some of which include:
The association of a pre-mRNA molecule with a hnRNP particle prevents formation of short secondary structures dependent on base pairing of complementary regions, thereby making the pre-mRNA accessible for interactions with other proteins.
CD44 Regulation.
hnRNP has been shown to regulate CD44, a cell-surface glycoprotein, through splicing mechanisms. CD44 is involved in cell-cell interactions and has roles in cell adhesion and migration. Splicing of CD44 and the functions of the resulting isoforms are different in breast cancer cells, and when knocked down, hnRNP reduced both cell viability and invasiveness.
Telomeres.
Several hnRNPs interact with telomeres, which protect the ends of chromosomes from deterioration and are often associated with cell longevity. hnRNP D associates with the G-rich repeat region of the telomeres, possibly stabilizing the region from secondary structures which would inhibit telomere replication.
hnRNP has also been shown to interact with telomerase, the protein responsible for elongating telomeres and prevent their degradation. hnRNPs C1 and C2 associate with the RNA component of telomerase, which improves its ability to access the telomere.
Examples.
Human genes encoding heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins include:

</doc>
<doc id="6924626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924626" title="NY 96">
NY 96



</doc>
<doc id="6924631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924631" title="San Juan de Lopecancha District">
San Juan de Lopecancha District

San Juan de Lopecancha is a district of Luya Province in Peru. One of its major points of interest are the ruins of Chachapoya.
San Juan de Lopecancha borders at the north with the Tingo District; at the East with Magdalena District, Chachapoyas and La Jalca District, Chachapoyas; at the South with the Santo Tomás District, Luya; and at the west with María District.

</doc>
<doc id="6924632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924632" title="The One Where They're Up All Night">
The One Where They're Up All Night

"The One Where They're Up All Night" is the twelfth episode of "Friends" seventh season. It first aired on the NBC network in the United States on January 11, 2001.
Plot.
Ross drags the gang, including Tag, up onto the roof to look at the "Bapstein-King" comet, but no one is entirely interested. Two hours later, Rachel and Tag escape to go watch a movie together; and Phoebe, Chandler and Monica retire to get some sleep. This leaves Ross on the roof with Joey, who is far more interested in scoping out ladies through his binoculars. Joey, at one point, hands over the binoculars and starts looking through a pipe instead. This pipe turns out to be the one that was propping the roof door open; Joey and Ross are now stuck on the roof in the dead of night. The two attempt to climb down the fire escape, but discover that the bottom-floor ladder, which is supposed to slide down to the ground, will do no such thing; eventually, Joey serves as the bottom segment of the ladder, and Ross climbs down him so he can shimmy down and drop, but he is too scared. Joey scares him off by telling him his pants are falling off but that he is not wearing any underwear. Ross loses his grip, falls and sprains his ankle.
Monica falls asleep quickly, but Chandler cannot, and continually wakes her up in his attempts to put himself to sleep, first by reading one of Monica's books, and then by digging pots out of the cabinet to warm some milk for himself. Chandler then proposes that he and Monica stay up all night talking to each other like when they first started dating, to which she agrees. She finally warms the milk for him, only to discover him snoozing. She then slams the door shut to wake him back up so they can talk. Finally they end up in bed, and at Monica's suggestion they start to have sex... but Monica falls asleep halfway through it. After unsuccessfully trying to convince her to stay awake so they can try again, Chandler decides to make her coffee, but this turns out to be unnecessary: a mention that he will probably spill coffee grounds on the floor has her wide awake in moments. Finally, as the morning arrives, a satisfied Monica notes that they have seven minutes before she has to get up for work. When Chandler implies that they can have sex in seven minutes, Monica misunderstands and breaks out the vacuum cleaner and furniture polish to clean the living room.
Rachel and Tag are about to retire for a night of similar festivities in her apartment when Rachel asks if Tag mailed out a set of contracts to Milan. She insists she placed them on his desk, while he insists they were nowhere in sight. Eventually they raid the office, where Rachel discovers Tag was right, but works out a subterfuge so that she can sneak them into his desk drawer. However, when she tells Tag to look there, the contracts are nowhere in sight—they have magically appeared back on Rachel's desk. Rachel asks how exactly that happened, inadvertently revealing that she had placed them there.
Phoebe is kept from sleep by the insistent beeping of a smoke detector. She is unable to get it to stop, despite taking out the battery and taking such drastic measures as beating it with a shoe and throwing it down a garbage chute wrapped in a blanket. It is from this misadventure that it is returned to her by a helpful fireman. When asked how to get the alarm to stop beeping, the fireman suggests the reset button on the unit's plastic case... which Phoebe finds, not on the case, but on the floor.
Deleted scene.
In a deleted scene, Phoebe sings the Toni Basil song "Mickey".
Reception.
"Telegraph &amp; Argus" ranked it #214 on their ranking of the 236 "Friends" episodes.
Sam Ashurst from Digital Spy also ranked the #214 on their ranking of the 236 "Friends" episodes, and wrote that the episode "all feels a bit convoluted".

</doc>
<doc id="6924634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924634" title="San Juan de Lopecancha">
San Juan de Lopecancha



</doc>
<doc id="6924638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924638" title="Voyage of the jerle shannara">
Voyage of the jerle shannara



</doc>
<doc id="6924639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924639" title="Sir Syd Barrett">
Sir Syd Barrett



</doc>
<doc id="6924641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924641" title="Just the Beginning (One Voice album)">
Just the Beginning (One Voice album)

Just the Beginning is the debut album by One Voice. It was released in 1999 under the Kamikaze label and sold 100,000 copies in the United States and Philippines where it went gold. The album was re-released in 2000, due to the success of single "When U Think About Me". This is the only album to feature original member Aimee Castillo who later left the group in 2001 to further her education.

</doc>
<doc id="6924642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924642" title="Zachary Kralik (Buffyverse)">
Zachary Kralik (Buffyverse)



</doc>
<doc id="6924645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924645" title="Russian Union of Industrialists">
Russian Union of Industrialists



</doc>
<doc id="6924647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924647" title="The Mill (Post Production)">
The Mill (Post Production)



</doc>
<doc id="6924649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924649" title="Chillingham Wild Cattle">
Chillingham Wild Cattle



</doc>
<doc id="6924652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924652" title="National holidays in Algeria">
National holidays in Algeria



</doc>
<doc id="6924659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924659" title="Tygart Lake State Park">
Tygart Lake State Park

Tygart Lake State Park sits on along the shores of Tygart Lake in Taylor County near Grafton, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="6924661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924661" title="Santa Catalina District">
Santa Catalina District

Santa Catalina is a district of the province of Luya, Peru. Saint Catalina offers several attractive places for tourists as ruins of the culture Chachapoya and others.
The management holidays of the Holy capital Catalina is celebrated on August 20. As typical meals there is known the soup of Chochoca and the Ucho of Candy stick with dads between others.
In the north the Saint's District Catalina has border with the District of San Jerónimo, in the East with the District of St Kitts and the District of Luya, in the south with the District of Luya Viejo and in the west with the District of Conila.

</doc>
<doc id="6924662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924662" title="Just Yell Fire">
Just Yell Fire

Just Yell Fire is a freely distributed 2006 film aimed at teaching young girls to defend themselves against attackers. Started as a school project by Dallas Jessup and Catherine Wehage, then freshman at St. Mary's Academy in Portland, Oregon, the project grew to include the celebrity endorsement of Josh Holloway and Evangeline Lilly of the television show "Lost".
The video teaches viewers weak points on an attacker's body and how to effectively cause enough pain to those points to escape. It also tells viewers how to avoid becoming a target for rape and kidnapping to begin with.
The film's title references a point made in the video: that yelling "help" or "rape" may frighten potential witnesses or rescuers away, while yelling "fire" tends to draw a crowd.
Inspiration and development.
The idea that would become "Just Yell Fire" began when Jessup saw a news report including footage of Carlie Brucia being led away by Joseph P. Smith. Jessup contacted Chad Von Dette, who had instructed her in Filipino street fighting, and asked him to develop a method they could teach which would allow young girls to avoid Brucia's fate.
The project was originally going to be made on a much smaller scale. Dallas Jessup and Catherine Wehage planned to use home video equipment to shoot the project in San Diego, Von Dette's home city, during their spring break. When those plans fell through, the pair and their mothers used the additional time to begin expanding the idea.
The script was then reworked and taken to Clackamas Community College, where Wehage's mother worked. Jessup's mother attended a workshop at the college to learn about pre-production, and it was Clackamas music instructor Brian Rose who brought his friend Takafumi Uehara into the project to direct. Uehara, in turn, brought in other professionals to aid in the production.
The celebrity connection came through Wehage's cousin, who works on the set of the television series "Lost". Through him, the girls were able to ask for Lilly and Holloway's aid in the project.
Production and distribution.
Principal shooting was done over a span of five days in June 2006, primarily on the campus of Clackamas Community College in Oregon City, Oregon. Holloway and Lilly's segments in the video were shot separately from the rest of the film, in Hawaii, while "Lost" was on hiatus.
The film was completed by the end of the summer. After showings in late September and early October, "Just Yell Fire" was released for free online download. As of April 2008, the website has exceeded 5,000,000 hits, and over 425,000 DVDs have been given away or downloaded.
Jessup, Wehage, and fellow actor Matthew Wadzita continue the project speaking at schools, summer camps, and to groups. The presentation includes a showing of the film, a question and answer session, and then every girl there receives a DVD.
Jessup has developed a training course for PE Teachers and Coaches training them to in turn train students in the Just Yell Fire self-defense techniques. In 2012, Jessup received the World of Children Youth Award.

</doc>
<doc id="6924675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924675" title="List of Mega64 episodes">
List of Mega64 episodes

"Mega64" was a DVD-exclusive series released from 2004 to 2010. The show has a story that is based around the characters playing video games in real life. The "real" video games are usually just the characters out in public acting out the video game.
Version 1.
Episode 1: Life Inside A Console.
The show begins in the apartment of Dr. Poque, an ex-video game programmer turned mad scientist who claims to have created the "greatest thing to happen to video gaming since "Bubble Bobble"". He calls it the Mega64, a revolutionary system that uses virtual reality helmets to download any video game into the user's brain and memories. It also plays movies, sends faxes, does advanced probability calculations, and has a spacious storage compartment.
To Poque's great frustration however, he is unable to sell his system to any video game companies, getting the same response from each of them: that tapping into the minds of children is too risky. Desperate for the success of his invention, Poque sought out video game nerds all across the Internet, offering the chance to beta test an innovative new system. Unbeknownst to them, it's all a trap. Poque captures all who show and they are imprisoned in a vast dungeon deep under his apartment complex. Though given food and living quarters, they are forced to undergo his digital experiments day in and day out. Through these experiments, Poque seeks to find the one video game no player wishes to leave, and then unleash it onto the public to gain total world domination.
Though a vast number of subjects endure these experiments, the show follows the day-to-day life of Rocko and Derek, whom Poque seems to show a particular interest in.
Rocko and Derek begin their digital misadventures with "Super Mario Bros." and "Kid Icarus", before Derek can't take it anymore. Poque, seeing himself as a merciful man, allows Rocko and Derek a break from experiments and they are introduced to one of their fellow subjects, Sean.
Sean is in charge of delivering Rocko and Derek e-mail from other test subjects like them. The concept of Sean's job is really only used as a method of introducing the character, and after the first episode, Rocko and Derek seldom answer any other e-mails.
Sean presents himself as a sort of awkwardly psychotic individual. Immediately after his introduction Sean becomes one of the show's less explained enigmas, at least for now.
Rocko and Derek go on to test an additional game, this one created specifically for the Mega64 by an independent company called Suxxor Games. The game XXX, Y takes an extreme and/or totally radical approach to graphing, and then by suggestion of Rocko, the two delve into the world of "Banjo-Kazooie". Rocko realizes that some positive can come out of their fate to test the Mega64, and that someday they will defeat Poque, because good always overcomes evil.
The episode ends with a confusing epilogue by a Sombrero Guy, and when Rocko asks, "Um, who are you?" the man just takes his hat off and gloomily walks away.
Episode 2: I Feel Asleep.
The episode starts with a conversation between Derek and Rocko where Rocko draws a picture of his girlfriend for Derek and the two find a bloody knife on the floor which is never explained.
After Dr. Poque puts up a "BRB" sign, Marcus is introduced to the show. Marcus is a puppet and also Dr. Poque's assistant. He refers to almost everyone as "son" and has an extremely deep voice. The scene ends with Rocko and Derek beating up Marcus.
After a session of "Punch-Out!!", it is revealed that the food supply has been cut off from the dungeon. Marcus shows up and reveals that he knows how to find out what's wrong, by logging into Dr. Poque's camera network setup. Marcus gives them the password, which is Dr. Poque's first name. We do not hear it, but Rocko says it sounds like "some kind of butt disease." They manage to get the camera working again, only to see Dr. Poque's hispanic roommate, Horatio. Horatio always wears a hat, a blue jogging suit, and dark sunglasses. He is constantly annoying and stealing from Dr. Poque.
Horatio reveals that he accidentally opened a spam e-mail that downloaded a virus to the central computer which is cutting off the food supply. Rocko volunteers to go into the Mega64 to terminate the virus. Rocko ends up getting captured by the virus, and Dr. Poque downloads a codec to erase the virus, but he can't find it. So Derek goes into "Metal Gear Solid" as Solid Snake in order to sneak his way around a grocery store and find the codec. However, as Snake, Derek is too obsessed with instead locating and destroying Metal Gear than finding the codec, and fails the mission. Sean then goes into the game as Raiden and finds the codec, thus returning the virus to its human form.
Episode 3: Poque.
The episode starts with a mysterious figure explaining his hatred for Dr. Poque. It goes into a "Shenmue" skit, then Derek and Rocko reveal that there is a big invention Dr. Poque's been waiting to show them. As Dr. Poque is telling them about it, he gets a mysterious message from a hacker. He passes on the new project to Marcus.
Marcus reveals that the new invention is a multiplayer add-on. Derek and Rocko go into a game of "Super Dodge Ball" with other Mega64 gamers. After the game, Derek and Rocko get a mysterious call from a man calling himself Tony telling them to "Eat at Joe's." After telling him he has the wrong number, he screams and hangs up.
Meanwhile, back at the hideout... Dr. Poque figures out that the hacker got in through the new network adapter they installed. Dr. Poque gets Horatio to go set up a firewall. The hacker then reveals himself to Dr. Poque as "tr1gg3r s3r1ou5!!!!1" (his real name is Rion Specter). He insults the Mega64, saying that all console games are inferior to PC games. After revealing that he's never heard of the Dreamcast, Dr. Poque insists on giving him a lesson through a music video, "Nuttin' But A Dreamcast", a parody of Dr. Dre's "Nuthin' But a "G" Thang". The video is concluded with a guest-appearance by Hunkty Krunkty, a fictional rapper in the Mega64 Universe.
After the music video, the hacker tells Dr. Poque that he hacked the Mega64 and that when Derek and Rocko go into it next, he's going to kill them. He loads up "Duke Nukem Forever" with God mode in order to kill them. But at the last second, Dr. Poque breaks back in and loads the hacker, Derek and Rocko into "Street Fighter II", in which Derek and Rocko beat up Rion, and he is left trapped in the game, seemingly forgotten about.
Horatio comes back saying he put the firewall up, and that Dr. Poque might need a new car, never explaining what happened to the car. Sean then comes in and asks if Derek and Rocko got a phone call, they say that some guy called telling them to "eat at Joe's, and his name was Tony." Sean suddenly has a flashback where Tony comes into his house and kills his girlfriend because he didn't eat at Joe's, threatening to "kill all the people he loves."
Episode 4: The Gangs Returned To Class And Became Honor Students.
The episode starts out with a rainy nighttime sequence where Horatio is dragging some heavy bags around a house. It is unexplained for now.
Three days earlier, Dr. Poque gets an e-mail from a "big gaming company that has much interest in his product." After a "Tetris" game, Derek and Rocko get pranked by Horatio. Sean hears the word "prank" and rushes in, Horatio and Sean argue about who is the better prankster, Sean eventually leaves, warning them of "Sean's Prank Assault."
Dr. Poque then tells the crew that he got an e-mail saying a representative from a big video game company is coming in three days to take a tour of his console testing lair and preview the Mega64. Horatio brings out a muffin to give to Dr. Poque to celebrate, but there is a razor blade in it, revealing it to be a prank. Dr. Poque recovers from this incident and starts preparing for their visitor. He tells Derek and Rocko to "watch a movie" to kill some time. They are shown a trailer of "Super Mario Bros. the Movie 2: Bloodlust", a fictional movie.
Dr. Poque realizes that the apartment is extremely messy and suspicious. He asks Horatio to clean it up, and decides that if the representative gets too suspicious, Horatio is going to kill the representative off when he hears the code word "Delaware". He then asks Derek and Rocko to come up with a game where there's a peaceful community, to show off the Mega64's capabilities. Derek suggests "River City Ransom" and they are loaded into the game.
When they exit the game, their faces have sharpie on them, another prank by Horatio. Dr. Poque walks back into his room to find mousetraps everywhere, which he quickly gets injured by. Rocko then does another session of "Shenmue". Dr. Poque then decides, because he is covered in bandages, to get someone who looks like him to pretend to be him. Despite Rocko's obvious resemblance, he chooses Marcus.
Dr. Poque is about to train Marcus in how to act like him when the representative, Rick, shows up. Confused, Dr. Poque learns that Horatio has been putting sleeping pills into his drinks and turning all the clocks backwards, so while Dr. Poque thinks it's been one day, it's really already been three, revealing yet another prank.
Marcus, posing as Dr. Poque, gives Rick a tour of the apartment after they watch a Mega64 Console Commercial and another commercial for the Mega64 version of "Soul Calibur II", with a new hidden character, Star Wars Kid.
After Rick says he needs to talk the offer over with his associates in Delaware, Horatio bursts out of a pile of dirty laundry and beats him to death with a hammer. He leaves to get a buzzsaw and some trash bags, thus explaining the beginning of the episode. Sean comes in laughing saying that he pranked Dr. Poque, that Rick was actually his brother and he made up the whole e-mail and big video game company in order to get the location of the Compound. Sean then realizes that his brother has been killed and the episode ends with him crying and screaming.
Episode 5: Eyes of Skull Has A Secret.
The episode starts with Sean and a mysterious masked man (called The Specter) having a conversation in an unspecified dining room. The Specter tells Sean that he can change his fate, then he suddenly is awoken by Rocko and Derek, revealing the sequence to possibly be a dream. Sean starts telling Rocko and Derek about the dream but they're uninterested so Sean hides behind the Mega64 to sulk.
As Rocko and Derek are about to load WarioWare, Sean comes in with a pizza and a soda, trying to prove that he is fun. He then throws the soda at the Mega64, causing it to fry while Derek and Rocko are connected. Dr. Poque angrily tells Sean to leave the project for good. Dr. Poque is about to unplug them when he sees readings he's never seen before, saying that they're "merging with the programming." He insists on leaving them connected for the sake of science, while Horatio leaves and tries to come up with a way to stop Poque.
Dr. Poque sees that Rocko and Derek's minds are projecting "gibberish." Among this gibberish is a trailer for a fictional video game called Aggressive Caroling, a fictional PSA for Rabies, and a skit for "Frogger".
Meanwhile, Horatio figures out that if they blow up the Core of the Mega64 then the system will reset back to zero. He calls Sean to ask him to go inside and hit the Core. Sean is walking through the tunnels beneath Dr. Poque's apartment. He is sitting in a corner sulking when Marcus shows up and comforts him. Marcus leaves and The Specter shows up. He hands Sean a gold helmet so he can enter the Mega64.
As he hands him the helmet, the power in the compound goes out and Sean is loaded into "The Legend of Zelda" as Link. Sean's signal is "the most powerful energy signal ever detected inside the Mega64." As Link, Sean finds the Core, and despite being shot by Dr. Poque, who goes into the Mega64 to stop Sean, he manages to destroy the Core.
After the Mega64 resets, Derek and Rocko find themselves in the dining room that Sean and The Specter were in earlier. Dr. Poque is there too, and before performing a system reset that sends them back into the Dungeon, he says "You weren't supposed to find out about this place."
Derek and Rocko come out of the Mega64 in the Dungeon and decide that Dr. Poque must be connected to the Mega64 somehow and they intend to find out so they can find a way out of there. They realize that Sean isn't there, and Sean is shown walking down an unknown road, still dressed as Link.
Several days later... all seems to be okay with Derek and Rocko. Meanwhile, Dr. Poque goes to meet with two mysterious men, Kain and Wanser. It is suggested that they are representatives from a company that Dr. Poque is working for. They state that "the council" is "less than pleased" with his progress. Dr. Poque apologizes and promises he won't make the same mistakes again. As Poque is walking away, his internal monologue is interrupted by the Sombrero Guy. Dr. Poque yells at him and he walks away dejected.
"Mega64" is a DVD-exclusive series that can be only purchased on their website. The show has a story that is based around the characters playing video games in real life. The "real" video games are usually just the characters out in public acting out the video game. This is a summary of the second DVD, entitled "Mega64: Version 2". For a list of the skits on the show, see the List of "Mega64" skits.
Version 2.
Episode 1: This Story Is Happy End.
The episode starts with a young girl watching TV after she's returned from school. She sees the intro to Episode 1 from Version 1 on her TV and is very disgusted. It then goes into a "Super Mario Bros. 2" skit.
A scene later, Dr. Poque returns home to find more bills in the mail. He asks Horatio for a solution, and Horatio puts the bills with a box full of others that he's been putting away. Dr. Poque asks why they have no money, and they go through a list of games they've developed that aren't selling. (See the skit list) Horatio suggests they just steal the money, citing his friend Carlos who is now in prison. Dr. Poque comes up with the idea to create a video to help rehabilitate prisoners.
Derek and Rocko are having a discussion about how they've been trapped for six months and how every attempt to escape has failed when Sean shows up with no explanation about how he got out of the Mega64. Rocko suggests they look for clues in another game while he looks for a way to escape, so Derek and Sean load up "Hitman".
Meanwhile, Dr. Poque finishes his program to make prisoners docile. He recruits Marcus to deliver the program to the Mega64, and warns him not to watch it, but he does anyway. After deciding that it's crap, he "fixes it" and turns it into an extremely violent video which Derek views, making him extremely aggressive and violent. After threatening to kill Rocco in various ways, Rocco moves in with Sean.
Sean lives in an all white room with a file cabinet, a broken alarm clock, two chairs, and a picture of two clowns. To make the situation less awkward, Rocco and Sean load up "Ghosts 'n Goblins". Dr. Poque then discovers that Marcus tampered with his program, he instructs Horatio to "take Marcus out." Misinterpreting this, Horatio takes Marcus out for the day.
Meanwhile, Rocko wakes up to find Sean staring at him, because Sean doesn't sleep. He runs away to the Mega64, where Dr. Poque has just convinced Derek to use a program that has much "blood and guts," but really it is the original program that Dr. Poque hopes will make Derek go back to normal. Hearing Dr. Poque, and thinking the program really is violent, Rocko goes into the program as well. The program has no effect on Derek, and ends up making Rocko extremely wimpy.
Dr. Poque then decides that he can use video games to make Rocko and Derek go back to normal. He loads Derek into "Mappy-Land" in order to make him happier, which he quickly rejects. Dr. Poque then loads Rocko into "Grand Theft Auto" in order to toughen him up, which similarly has no effect. Dr. Poque is out of ideas when Sean comes in with a program he wrote. It is extremely creepy and it snaps Rocko and Derek back to normal. The episode ends with a tribute to "Michael Jackson's Thriller".
Episode 2: Ode To Sue.
The episode starts with Horatio playing Xbox in Dr. Poque's room. Dr. Poque says that "between yelling at your game here and talking to your little internet girlfriend, it's getting pretty annoying". Without Poque realizing, Horatio steals a $20 bill out of Poque's pocket. Horatio then challenges Poque to a $20 bet to get a girl in the apartment by the end of the day.
After a session of "Dig Dug", Derek gets the idea to dig their way out of the dungeon while Dr. Poque is busy with his date with the girl he met on the internet. Rocko asks him how they'll escape once they're out, and Derek reveals he has the keys to Dr. Poque's truck, which Horatio flushed down the toilet when Poque ate his Pop-Tarts.
While Dr. Poque gets ready for his date, Marcus and Horatio go to Sidne's house and bring her and her friends over to the apartment. That night, Dr. Poque's date, Sue arrives. When Poque goes to get the dinner he prepared, it is gone. Horatio and his friends admit to eating it, and Dr. Poque warns them not to mess with him for the rest of the night.
Poque goes back to Sue with Hot Pockets and Sue asks who Rocko and Derek are. Dr. Poque plays dumb and then asks them to put on a show for him and Sue. They load up "Resident Evil".
The awkward date continues, with Poque and Sue being interrupted and annoyed by Horatio, Marcus, and their friends, until finally Poque freaks out and introduces Sue to his roommates, "the world's stupidest peon over here in blue... and the world's most retarded puppet." Marcus comes in with a "Hey, son!" and Sue is instantly attracted to him and they run off together.
The next day, Marcus and Sue come back from their date and Poque leaves the apartment angry. Thinking Poque is gone, Rocko decides they should keep digging their way out. As he leaves to get the wooden swordfish to dig their way out, Dr. Poque comes down to the dungeon for the first time and forces Derek to cheer him up by playing "Luigi's Mansion". It fails to cheer up Dr. Poque, and Derek inspires him to go win Sue back.
Dr. Poque comes back to Sue with a poorly edited music video of him dancing on the beach to the song "Please Let Me Die (I Want To Die)" by TIM (Spoof of the Finnish rock band HIM, complete with spoof heartagram.) Afterwards, Sue gets disgusted when Marcus and Poque begin fighting over her and she storms out of the apartment. Derek and Rocko manage to dig out of the dungeon right as Dr. Poque leaves to chase after Sue. Sue stands in the road while Poque tries to get her to come back. Right when it seems like she is going to give Poque another chance, Derek and Rocko hit her with Dr. Poque's truck, thus, killing her. They step out of the truck in shock and put themselves back in the dungeon. Sean then jumps out of the back of the truck, runs away yelling "Oh, shit, Not again! No!" and jumps in the bushes far away.
Episode 3: And Suddenly, Ezra Didn't Feel So Alone Anymore.
The episode starts with a "dude from the future" arriving in front of the Mega64 only to find no one there, so he leaves. Derek and Rocko walk in and sit down as a smaller screen appears in the bottom right corner of the screen. During the intro song, a young man named Benny sits down in front of the smaller screen and starts singing along to the song.
After the intro, Rocko and Derek go into a session of "Donkey Konga". Rocko asks who Benny is, and Benny says he lives in the same apartment complex just a few doors down. Dr. Poque tells them to ignore him. Rocko insists on knowing how Benny got there, and Benny explains that he got a new webcam and when he went to the bathroom there was a power surge and when he returned his webcam signal was in their apartment/dungeon. The power surge was caused by the Future Dude coming back in the beginning of the episode.
Dr. Poque then explains that the Mega64 isn't selling because it's not sleek and portable. To fix this, he has come up with the MSFP (Mega64 Portable). He orders Rocko and Derek to build them. Meanwhile, Dr. Poque will hack his way into a public-access television cable TV station so they can air an MSFP special. Rocko comes up with a plan to load the MSFP with maps so whoever purchases it can find them and help them escape.
Later on, the crew is on public-access television airing the MSFP special. After a clip of "California Games", the commercial shows off the various uses and portability of the MSFP. The only caller they get is Benny, so Horatio decides to get his mom to buy one since it is Dr. Poque's birthday. As the crew goes off the air, Benny tells Poque about Rocko and Derek's escape plan, thus ruining it.
As Rocko and Derek are sulking, Sean comes in and tells them he created a video with their location and included it in the MSFP, but because of his incompetence he screws it up, and the MSFP ends up slicing off Horatio's mom's hand. Horatio and his mom say they'll sue Dr. Poque for $2 million if he doesn't get her a new hand.
After a session of "BurgerTime", Dr. Poque reveals that he's going to give Horatio's mom a robot, called 2Poque, to help her out instead of a new hand. The robot ends up cutting her other hand off, and she insists on getting $4 million or two new hands. Marcus finally shows up and Benny instantly begins making fun of him. Marcus disappears and then reappears on Benny's smaller screen. He cuts Benny's hands off and then the smaller screen goes blank. Dr. Poque then offers Horatio's mom Benny's hands, and she accepts the offer.
Rocko then asks what happened to the extra MSFPs they made, and Sean says he buried them. 1,000 years later, the Future Dude and a gorilla with wings named Ezra find an MSFP and the Future Dude goes back to when the message was recorded to save them, thus explaining the beginning of the episode.
Episode 4: What The Hell Happened To Mega64?
The episode starts with a session of "Paperboy". Afterwards, Dr. Poque calls the whole crew together with his new meeting alarm. He informs them that Teddy Beans, an old college rival of his, is coming to the apartment. He gets all of them to pretend to be his business partners and when Teddy Beans show up he is given a quick tour of the apartment when suddenly a group of masked men rush into the apartment with guns drawn.
The head terrorist, Danny America, an older man with an eyepatch and a Russian accent, walks in and demands that Poque hand over $300,000. Teddy Beans says that there is no way he has that much and makes fun of Dr. Poque. Danny America laughs along with him and then suddenly shoots Teddy in the head, killing him. Before being taken away by the terrorists, Dr. Poque sends a fax down to the dungeon stating that he is in trouble, has opened the holding chamber, and that the terrorists are coming after them next.
The group leaves the dungeon and splits up, Derek goes off on his own and is quickly captured, while Sean and Rocko go off in another direction. Rocko goes off to steal a car so they can rescue Derek while Sean waits. Meanwhile, at the terrorist's hideout, Marcus and Horatio are put under the watchful eye of Danny America's first lieutenant and sister, Gruntilda. Meanwhile, Danny America continually interrogates Dr. Poque about the whereabouts of the $300,000, which Poque keeps insisting he doesn't have. In order to show him how poor he is, he shows him a video of his work on his PSP, which is an "Ico" skit.
Derek is brought into the terrorist's camp, and is put in the boiler room with Dr. Poque. Danny America decides to put Lobo Fuerte in charge of capturing Sean and Rocko. He is a mysterious man in a gas mask holding a briefcase. Meanwhile, Sean beats up a group of thugs while waiting for Rocko. Rocko finally shows up in a stolen car and they start driving. They are quickly chased down, captured and brought to the terrorist camp.
Danny America brings Poque back out to interrogate him further. He then reveals that his plan is to buy 10,000 stuffed parrots for $30 each and sell them on the internet for $200 in order to make huge profits. One of the terrorists tells Danny that they've found information leading to a duffel bag containing $300,000. Dr. Poque is taken back to the boiler room.
The episode then takes a "commercial break" containing a parody commercial for Internet2. When the show comes back, Sean and Rocko kill their captors and take their guns. Sean enters the room with Gruntilda, Marcus, and Horatio, and Marcus kills Gruntilda while she is distracted. As they are leaving, Sean runs into Lobo Fuerte and they both pour gasoline on their bodies, tie their wrists together with a long piece of rope, and fight with lighters.
Meanwhile, Rocko manages to get himself captured as well. But then the terrorists bring in the duffel bag, which contains a 2Poque robot. It quickly kills all of the terrorists. Meanwhile, just when it appears Lobo Fuerte is going to win the fight, Sean knocks him down, cuts the rope, then lights him on fire. Derek and Dr. Poque come out to see that everyone is dead. Then suddenly, Teddy Beans comes in with a gun drawn, revealing he faked his death and he masterminded the entire thing. Teddy says "So long, Dr. Diarrhea Poque" (revealing Dr. Poque's first name) before getting shot by the Sombrero Guy. When Derek asks who he is, he vanishes like magic.
Episode 5: Summer Semester.
The episode begins with Poque watching a news story about opossums popping up due to electrical storms when he sees Horatio walk past his door while carrying a drum. Poque decides to investigate and finds Horatio with the drum and a suspended cymbal and Marcus at a keyboard trying to form a band. Poque doesn't want them to play because he's "extremely jumpy" around loud noises. Horatio promises to not make much noise and starts drumming with his fingers quietly and slowly. Poque agrees to that and walks back to his room where the finger drumming is still audible. He then uses a pair of scissors to trim his eyelashes, a retractable blade to trim his beard, and a knife to remove a bit of food stuck between his teeth. He then grabs a mug and starts to take a sip when Horatio bangs the cymbal and starts drumming loudly, causing Poque to spill his beverage on himself. He then yells to him about playing that loudly while he was drinking "an ice-cold coca-cola beverage" was the worst time to do so and calls him dumb.
After a "Katamari Damacy" skit, we see Sean and Rocko at the Mega64, where Rocko explains that Poque forced them back into the dungeon after the events of the last episode. Rocko then asks Sean if he's had trouble remembering anything lately. Rocko reveals that he's had difficulty remembering small details like "my old address or a lot of phone numbers I used to know." Sean then says that he has it worse because he doesn't remember anything besides working for Poque, not even how he came to work for him.
We then cut to Horatio's room where he and Marcus are jamming loudly just as Poque storms into the room demanding that they stop. Horatio then asks if he'd like to join their band, which they named Mega64. We then cut to Poque incompetently playing a guitar with Horatio and Marcus and then another cut is made to Poque's room where we find that Horatio and Marcus are kicking him out of the band. Poque says that he's taking the name Mega64 with him and Horatio says that's fine and renames his band to Summer Semester.
Meanwhile, Rocko is standing next to the Mega64 when Derek walks in with the disk containing Sean's behavioral modification program. Derek reveals that he's been studying it and found something hidden at the end. Derek loads the program for Rocko who watches the end of it. After it fades to white it does nothing for a while before slightly fading in on The Specter. He slowly whispers "Sean. Bring me Sean." Rocko takes off his helmet and is noticeably disturbed by what he saw. Rocko and Derek decide that they need to get Sean to see it and walk off to find him.
Poque is in his room playing his guitar when Horatio and Marcus burst in announcing that "a strange looking guy with a red face" from a record label wants them to record an album and that one of their songs is capable of killing opossums. They gloat about it for a while and then leave.
Rocko and Derek bring Sean to the Mega64 so they can show him The Specter in his program. Sean puts on his helmet while Derek loads the program. However, instead of The Specter, Sean sees a series of images that quickly flash before him while a screeching noise plays. Sean then faints and falls off the chair.
Later at night, Poque is in his room sleeping while a figure watches him. Poque wakes up and then screams when he sees the figure and the figure hisses back at him. Poque turns the light on to reveal that the figure has gray skin, some fur under his neck and a black nose. Poque demands to know who he is and the figure replies that his name is Thark and he wants to see "the creator of Mega64."
Back in the dungeon, Rocko and Derek are trying to wake Sean up. Derek manages to slap him awake and they ask him what he saw. Sean says that he doesn't remember what happened to him after he put his helmet on. To apologize for slapping him in the face, Rocko and Derek go off to find a drink for Sean. After they leave, we find that Sean does remember what happened and he leaves to investigate.
We come back to Poque and Thark and find that Thark meant he wanted to see the Horatio and Marcus of the band Mega64. He then tells Poque that he's a man-opossum from fifty years in the future. Horatio and Marcus' opossum killing song forced opossums to evolve to a point where they gained psychic abilities and enslaved humanity. However, another one of their songs had the same effect on snakes and the two species had a "manimal" war which the man-opossums lost. They then built a time machine to go back in time to stop the creation of the snake song. Poque tells Thark where the album is being recorded and they rush over.
Sean is walking through the corridors underneath the dungeon and we see that they correspond with they the images that Sean saw. He is about to walk in a door when we cut back to Thark and Poque at the recording studio where we find that Horatio and Marcus have already made the album and that they know about the manimal war because their contact from the record label is Jessse, a man-snake. Horatio decides that they should have a battle of the bands to settle the war. Both sides agree to it and they leave to prepare.
Sean is looking in the room from the images when he comes upon a box. After a "Seaman" skit, Sean enters the Mega64 room with some papers which turn out to be blueprints to the Mega64. Rocko notices that Sean's name is mentioned on the blueprints several times and Derek finds a disk for the Mega64. They load it up and put on their helmets to watch it. The program starts off with a black screen playing ominous piano music. The word "FALZ" fades in followed by "PROJECT MEGA64" and then followed by "TEST DATA ALPHA STAGE." The program then shuts off because Poque has rerouted as much power as he can to power his "new kickass amp." There's still enough power left to play "Altered Beast" so Poque loads it up.
After the skit, Poque and Thark meet up with Horatio, Marcus and Jessse at a beach for the battle. Poque and Thark go first and Horatio, Marcus and Jessse go next. After they play, Poque has Rocko, Derek and Sean decide the winner. They pick Jessse's song as the winner and then Rocko points out if they destroy the master copy of the album then neither side will come into existence. Horatio then scratches it with sand and Thark and Jessse pop out of existence. Poque then asks Rocko, Derek and Sean if they were running a program when he rerouted the power because the Mega64 destroys anything loaded in it if it shuts down while running a program.
Episode 6: Stranger.
The episode starts with a "Resident Evil 4" skit in which the characters get arrested. Rocko then drinks out of a cup that has an offensive saying on it, Derek explains that Marcus is trying to sell cups to gourmet restaurants as "conversation starters." Then, a new character named Jon rides his bike by and talks to Rocko and Derek.
After a session of "", Sean and Jon leave to check out Sean's room. Rocko questions the fact that they haven't seen Dr. Poque in days and that Jon showed up out of nowhere and Derek gets mad at him for assuming everyone is out to get him.
Upstairs, Horatio and Marcus are discussing Marcus's cups and the new guy, Jon. We then see Dr. Poque sitting in a bathtub and putting on a helmet. This is when he experiences his flashbacks.
Back in Sean's room, Jon tells him that there is someone who haunts the Mega64. He died while connected to it because of the "age-limit bug." Jon explains that it was dangerous for anyone too old to use the Mega64. It's been fixed since, but Jon says FALZ still only lets teenagers beta test it. He explains that FALZ is the team that really invented the Mega64. He said that they only use Poque because of his connections and that the man who haunts the Mega64 can travel between the Mega64 and the real world, and bring things back with him. Seans says that he has met this man, and after an awkward silence Sean puts on his helmet to play a game.
Meanwhile, Derek and Rocko play a game of "". When Derek gets out, he yells at Rocko for not being the blob, but Rocko is behind the Mega64 trying to fix it. Jon walks in and tells Derek not to play discs that don't belong to him. When Derek is bent down, he knocks Derek out and says that he'll never stop FALZ and that "the only threat to FALZ is Sean, and I've already taken care of him." Jon drags Derek out and Rocko has seen the whole thing.
We then see the television show Judgemental Night (Parody of Judgement Day) interrupted by a U62 news update that says that televisions in the city are being interrupted by a pirate signal showing Derek and Rocko using the Mega64. The news story shows that Mega64 has gotten a fan base who have conventions, make skit suggestions and make songs about Mega64. Kevin Smith is apparently interested in directing the movie. Other members of the fanbase include Paul Farkas, Ricky "Thumbs" Jackson, Tim Heidecker, and Eric Wareheim.
After the news broadcast, Marcus goes down the dungeon and Rocko tells him that Jon is trying to overthrow the place. Marcus vows to take out Jon and connects himself to the Mega64 to get into "Street Fighter II" while Rocko goes to rescue Sean. Marcus recruits tr1gg3r s3r1ou5!!!!1, who has been stuck in the game since the last time they encountered him, to help them stop Jon. Marcus gets to him agree to help stop Jon by hacking the Mega64 after Marcus says he'll get him out of the Mega64 and help him find Poque.
Meanwhile, Rocko finds Sean on the floor in Jon's room and then Jon comes in hits Rocko in the knee with a wrench and then puts on a Mega64 helmet to get the secret thoughts he drained out of Sean's brain. When he puts it on, he gets hacked by tr1gg3r s3r1ou5!!!!1 and he sees random images, including an Aggressive Caroling skit and another Legend of Zelda skit. When he takes off the helmet, Marcus attacks him, but then Jon rips the puppet apart, seemingly killing him.
Jon and Sean then run up to the apartment. Horatio then walks into Jon's room and sees Marcus on the floor torn in pieces. Jon starts typing on Dr. Poque's computer to gas the whole place and kill everyone when the power goes out and Horatio comes in and beats up Jon in a fit of rage. As Jon gets up, Dr. Poque shoots him and kills him.
Later, everyone is hanging out and having a good time, Horatio has even taped up and fixed Marcus, Trigger Serious has finally come out of the Mega64, and Sean says that he's gonna go find FALZ and find out who really made the Mega64. Suddenly, just as Dr. Poque is about to say what he learned that day, a giant evil rabbit in a Santa Claus costume, known as "frankie.jpg", bursts into his room punches Horatio in the face, knocks over Marcus who is yelling "Help me!" and attacks Dr. Poque who is left screaming "it's loose!"
Flashbacks
The episode also explains more of Dr. Poque's past through flashbacks. The first one shows Poque three years ago applying for a job with SharnoTech developing video games. He runs into his friend Gary who set him up with the interview and explains that he got the job. A while later, he is on the phone with his girlfriend explaining that he is doing well at his job and might get to show some of his work to Brion Specter. They get in an argument about his arrogance and he hangs up on her. While lying on the couch he sees a laser pointer light on his wall and looks outside but there is no one there.
Then, two years later, Poque is at work goofing off. His co-workers ask why he has been doing other stuff instead of making the games he is supposed to make. He ignores them and then his boss shows up upset. That night, he sees the red light again and goes out to the street and sees Kain who claims to be from FALZ. Kain tells him he is brilliant and that they need Poque to develop something new. He tells Poque to meet him the next night and Poque goes to the location and when he arrives there are many people dressed in the same way present-Poque dresses and they welcome him to FALZ.
Then, one year later, in a board meeting, he is showing off the Mega64 to his co-workers who look disturbed at the idea. Dr. Poque is then leaving, apparently having been fired. Poque's co-worker tells him that Brian Specter's son has been crying in the lobby all day because his dad didn't show up last night. And the last time anyone saw Brian, he was using the Mega64. This reveals that tr1gg3r s3r1ou5!!!!1 is the son of Brion Specter, who is the man who haunts the Mega64, and explains why his son is out to get revenge on Poque.
More flashbacks show Horatio kidnapping Rocko and Derek, and Dr. Poque putting on his FALZ uniform and being informed that in one year someone (Jon) will be sent to check on his progress.
Version 3.
Frankie.
Version 3 begins how Version 2 ended, with Frankie bursting into Poque's room, he jumps on Poque, who fends him off with a Guitar Hero controller, Frankie eats Marcus and is then wounded by 2 gunshots fired by a hunter, Ted Geisel (Scott Kelso), Frankie attacks Ted, ripping of his right arm and fleeing.
After the Super Mario Bros. 3 skit, Rocko and Derek awake from the Mega 64 to find with them in the Dungeon is Nicole, a very enthusiastic and easily excited 14-year-old girl who is the daughter of Ted the Hunter.
Upstairs, Dr. Poque reveals that Frankie (Michael J. Nelson) used to be a mall Santa and was going to be the original test subject for the Mega 64, Poque and Horatio kidnapped him and brought him the testing Dungeon but after he started to eat his own poop, strange things started to happen which lead to him transforming from human into a giant rabbit, Ted decided the best course of action is to trap him using the bathroom.
In the Dungeon, Nicole has explained about Frankie and Derek leaves to tell Sean, leaving Rocko and Nicole alone, after an awkward silence they get talking and Rocko tells a story about how he made a bet with Derek for his package of food, as Rocko is talking about his package Derek walks back in and gets the wrong end of the stick, after the abrupt ending to his story Rocko shows Nicole the Dead Rising skit.
After the skit, Derek and Sean both want a private word with Rocko, after Nicole leaves, Derek confronts Rocko about his 'sexual advances' on Nicole and remind him that Nicole is a minor.
Upstairs, Ted takes advantage of Frankie's apparent fondness for eating poop by using his own poop for bait for a trap, but after Ted sets the bait, he realizes he's out of toilet paper, he walks to Poque's other bathroom where he finds toilet paper and Frankie who attacks and kills Ted, Frankie then goes back to Poque's room to attack Horatio and Poque.
In the Dungeon, Rocko wakes up from playing Skate or Die and wonders where Nicole is, shes in the other room and says she'll be in in a moment, but Rocko is met by Sean in a blazer who asks Rocko to sit down, he is then presented with transcripts of chat logs in a parody of To Catch a Predator, Rocko says he's done nothing wrong, Derek comes in and directly accuses Rocko of doing 'sexy stuff' with Nicole, Rocko strongly denies the accusations and says that his relationship with Nicole is innocent and that the reason he's taken a shine to her is because she is a new face in the dungeon, After Derek and Sean are convinced that Rocko isn't partaking in an illicit affair with a minor, all 3 of them decide to hang out with Nicole.
In the next room where Nicole is, she is in a sexual pose and asks when they are going to do her, Rocko, Derek and Sean kick her out of the Dungeon immediately.
Meanwhile, back in Poque's room, Frankie is attacking Poque and Horatio, as Frankie is about to defeat them, he suddenly and frantically starts grabbing at his chest, he falls to his knees as Marcus bursts out of his chest covered in blood, Frankie drops dead as Horatio and Poque look on in disbelief.
Bigger Boat.
After playing Final Fantasy XII on the Mega 64, Sean vows not to play any games with sexy costumes for the rest of the week; however, Dr Poque has a new idea to sell more Mega 64 systems, Sexy 64 an all-male gaming league that will give the Mega 64 a more sexy image, Poque uploads a program that lets the Rocko, Derek and Sean take sexy pictures for a calendar, they go along with it hopeful to hide messages of their captivity in the calendars.
Back upstairs Poque is concerned with the whereabouts of Horatio, Marcus informs him that he left after winning $10,000 on a scratch card and then relays a lengthy and insulting message that Horatio left for Poque.
During Marcus's delivery of Horatio's message, Horatio himself calls up Poque and informs him that he bought a boat for $10,000 from Gregzlist.com and that it should have been delivered to the apartment already, Poque goes outside with Horatio still on the phone, the boat has arrived much to the dismay of Poque, he asks Horatio what kind of boat he ordered, he says that they had the big boat but he bought the Bigger Boat, which says 'BIGGER' on the back; however, the boat outside Poque's house says the N word instead of 'Bigger'. Horatio doesn't believe Poque and says that if his boat truly has the N word on it, he'll eat his hat.
While Dr Poque asks Rocko, Derek and Sean to crack on with Sexy 64, while he figures out how to deal with the boat, he tries to tow the boat with his car, but as he attaches the rope, he is shot at by a ranting Patriot (Dallas McLaughlin) who tells Poque he is protecting the freedom of speech by keeping the boat there at all costs, Poque tries to compromise by just painting over the N word; however, the Patriot shoots the brush from his hands and then vomits.
In the Dungeon Rocko and Derek play NBA Jam to pass time while their Sexy 64 photos are printed; however, Derek finds a photo they didn't take of Rocko and Derek standing over the grave of 'Poque 1029-3454', Rocko suspects that The Specter may have given them this information and Sean identifies that it's not a date on the grave but a frequency, Sean punches in the frequency while Derek and Rocko strap into the Mega 64.
Rocko and Derek are shown a mysterious title screen for 'Down' and are transported to an unknown realm within the Mega 64, they soon meet a cloaked man with white skin and an horrendous grin, he speaks to Rocko and Derek in an unknown language (with English subtitles) asking nonsensical questions, though he does notice that Rocko and Derek are confused by the situation, before any sense could be made of what was happening, Dr Poque cuts the power to the Mega 64 and says he need there help.
He needs Rocko, Sean and Derek to dance in front of the boat as a distraction so that he and Marcus can sneak up on the Patriot and disarm him, Poque also introduces shock collars for them so that they don't attempt an escape.
Outside armed with three Sexy 64 shirts and a boom box, Rocko, Derek and Sean dance for the Patriot, who is now showing physical signs of a decline in health.
During the dance the Patriot starts vomiting blood and collapses on the floor, Derek, Rocko and Sean try to help him but get shocked by the collars, the Patriot continues to sputter up blood and ends his life by shooting himself with his rifle, soon after his death, a Medical agent(Kevin Bushong) shows up and explains that the boat is filled with rats infected with bubonic plague and that he'd have to take away the boat and the plague infected body of the Patriot. Poque realizes the irony of the situation when he finds that the bubonic plague, also known as the "black plague", is linked to a boat with the N word inscribed on it.
As the boat is towed away, Horatio returns wearing a pizza hat and after Poque confirms that the boat said the N word, he grabs a slice of pizza from the hat and is attacked by a pizza hungry Marcus.
The Wizard II.
The episode opens with Horatio answering a call from a FALZ Agent (Brad Davis) who wishes to talk to Dr Poque, Horatio says that he'll tell Poque that he called and hangs up, he then tries to locate the origin of a bad smell that's fills the apartment, he is soon joined by Poque who is also looking for the origin of the bad smell, they are interrupted by a knock on the door from Sean Legerton(Sean Legerton) who asks if this is the wizard's house, a confused Poque says no, closes the door and continues looking for the source of the bad smell with Horatio and Marcus, They find that the origin of the smell was the decomposing body of Jon(John Wanser), who was killed by Poque in Version 2.
In the Dungeon Rocko is plating Assassin's Creed, after he wakes he finds that Derek is looking in on Poque arguing with Horatio about Jon's body, they both decide to get rid of it ASAP, however when they take it outside Sean Lagerton and another man(Eric Badour) are taking pictures, when confronted by Poque, they explain that they are looking for a wizard so that they can get a wish and tell him that they are not moving until they see a wizard.
Back in the Dungeon, Sean is in a dark secluded room at a computer terminal, he is searching for the address of FALZ HQ, but cannot get the information as it requires a password, elsewhere Rocko and Derek decide to go back to the mysterious realm they visited in Bigger Boat, however they notice that the video uplink to Poques room is now outside with Sean Lagerton and the other wizard seeker, Poque runs by quickly and explains that they will be the entertainment/distraction for the wizard seekers and that Rocko and Derek are to take suggestions as to what experiments they'll do next from them, Poque leaves.
Rocko and Derek take the opportunity to try and escape, they explain that they are under the two wizard seekers and have been held captive for two years, Sean Legarton is unenthusiastic to help and asks what he'll get out of it, Rocko asks what he wants, the wizard seekers argue about a "Halo" skit vs a Counter Strike skit, but they settle on a "God of War" skit.
It has been a long running gag in the Mega 64 Podcast and various interviews that the skit suggestions that are given by fans are terrible and in order to lower the amount of skit suggestions the crew received on email they set up a Skit Suggestion forum on their site, it is flooded with terrible skit ideas from fans, so all skits mentioned by the wizard seekers in this episode are exactly how there were suggested to the Mega 64 crew by the fans.
After the "God of War" skit, Sean Legarton complains that it sucks and suggests an equally bad Sneak King skit, then a Ninja Turtles skit, after Rocko and Derek disconnect they ask for rescue, the seekers decline as the skit they suggested were not funny and walk away from the video uplink.
With the seekers gone Rocko and Derek decide to go back to the mysterious realm from Bigger Boat, they appear in a forest and spot a man with dreadlocks and sunglasses who flees upon spotting them, they quickly follow him, Rocko is held at knife point by the man who accuses them of trying to take her back, Derek explains that they have no idea what is going on, the man takes them to see the guild leader.
In Poque's room, Poque asks Horatio why there are people outside asking for a wizard, Horatio explains that he and Marcus are filming a sequel to "The Wizard" entitled "The Wizard 2", Horatio promises that in 2 hours the street would be clear, however 2 hours later a full mob of wizard seekers have taken over the street, bringing cameras and gifts of salt, the mob is subject to a U62 news report which includes a wizard expert in the form of Preacher Z (Garrett Hunter) and a shrine that has been built by Hairy Garry the Feral Child (Tommy Tallarico)
Meanwhile, Rocko and Derek meet the Guild Leader (Luke Chatfield) asks them why they sought him out and if they came here for her, both Rocko and Derek still have no idea whats going on, they explain about the code that brought them there and about the cloaked man they met last time they entered the code, the Guild Leader explains that they had spoken to a Messenger and that the world they were in was a game, the man with dreadlocks takes them into the back room and shows them a girl (Laura Loza), the Guild Leader tells them that the game is called The Blacks.
The power to the Mega 64 is cut again, the video uplink that's outside is now filled with the mob, demanding to see a wizard, Derek ask why he wants to see a wizard, Sean Lagerton explains that his little brother has Scoliosis and that he wants the wizard to cure it, he then asks for a Counter Strike skit again and then they do a Track &amp; Field skit, a "Halo"/Frogger hybrid skit, a Star Wars skit and a "" skit, Sean Lagerton and the mob still demand to see a wizard before they rescue Derek and Rocko who get frustrated and tell the mob that there is no such thing as wizards, the mob turns angry and Sean Lagerton smashes Poque's car with his signature tire
iron.
Back in Poque's room, Horatio remembers the call from FALZ and tells Poque, afterwards the FALZ Agent calls back and demands to talk to Jon, Poque puts him on hold, Marcus tells Poque that he'll take care of everything.
The FALZ Agent is taken off hold, Marcus is puppeteering Jon's corpse and manages to fool the FALZ Agent and Horatio has come up with a way to get rid of the body.
Meanwhile, at the computer terminal, Sean is asleep however the terminal starts to beep with an alert tone, he has received a message containing FALZ's address.
Outside, Horatio has dressed Jon's body up as a Wizard and has rigged it up with a loud speaker and strings to puppet it, the mob are stunned to silence, Horatio as The Wizard explains that there is magic inside us all and that he will perform one final act of magic called The Great Goodbye, Horatio then uses explosives, sending pieces of Jon's body all over the ecstasy stricken mob.
As Poque is thanking Horatio, a real Wizard(Derrick Acosta) appears thanking them for helping him get rid of the mob and grants them one wish, Dr Poque uses it to bring back the one girl he loved, Sue, The Wizard grants it and disappears.
Mega64! (Musical episode).
This episode opens up with Dr Poque showing the FALZ Agent the PaRappa the Rapper skit, The Agent is curious about Jon's whereabouts but buys the excuse Poque gives as the Agent needs to talk mainly to Poque, he explains that there is a monetary problem with Poque's set up and that he needs to raise $10,000 in 7 days or else the project will be terminated.
Poque sings about how he's dead if he doesn't make the money for FALZ, in the dungeon Rocko and Derek sing about their tedious life and how they hope to be rescued and in Horatio's room, he sings about helping out Dr Poque and goes online to find a way to make money fast.
Back in Poque's room, Horatio tells Poque that there is a local talent show where the prize is $10,050, Poque bursts into song about how convenient it is that the prize money is $10,000 and ponders how he's going to win the show, he decides to put on a play about the Mega 64, which will win the show and create awareness of the Mega 64 system, after the song Horatio says that he'll help Poque by using Horatio's Acting Troop(HAT), Poque asks Rocko and Derek to audition.
However Marcus sings of a plan to sabotage the play, because when the gang moved into the apartment Poque asked Marcus to sign the lease, and if FALZ destroy the apartment Marcus would get all the insurance money.
Rocco and Derek audition in the form of a Singstar skit, Poque and Horatio are not impressed with their singing skills and ask what else they can do, after Derek and Rocco sing of their other talents Sean reveals that he grind a rail with soap shoes, Poque and Horatio are impressed by his talent and put him as the finale of the show, Sean then sings about how this is the greatest moment of his life with a song called Handful of the Sky.
Horatio assembles his acting troop and sings a song to warm up all of the performers, afterward Horatio is approached by an admirer(Geoff The Hero) who is then cut for wearing baby blue.
Dr Poque brings Sean along to the HAT practice, Sean then briefly talks to a fellow performer and then eats a muffin set aside just for him, but as he bites into it, he walks outside and pulls a razor blade from his bloody mouth, he is then clubbed and knocked out by Marcus.
Sean wakes up strapped to a table in an empty room, where Marcus accuses Sean of trying to ruin his plan of sabotaging the show and he explains the origin of the term break a leg, he then puts a block of wood in between Sean's legs and as Sean is begging for mercy, Marcus breaks both his legs with a sledgehammer. This, of course, is a parody of Stephen King's Misery.
The day of the talent show arrives and Horatio has no show as his acting troop has all left with the exception of Rocko and Derek, who he cuts, Horatio's admirer is the only person willing to work with him, however Horatio tells him that he hates him and that he never wants him.
Marcus is perched in the back of the theater armed with a sniper rifle and Dr Poque is in the front row along with his laptop which is uplinked to the FALZ Agent.
As Horatio's turn to go on stage come around, he rolls out a television which shows the Elite Beat Agents skit, afterward Horatio comes onstage and rants about how his troop left him and how he doesn't know where Marcus is and how he can't rely on Jon cos he was killed, The FALZ Agent hears this and cuts the connection with Poque's laptop, after his rant Horatio enters a bizarre song about how great he is but breaks his boom box.
Horatio then finishes by reprising the first song in the episode but this time he sings about his broken boom box, he is then joined by Rocko and Derek who did not know until now that Horatio was trying to save them, Marcus then enters the song singing about why Rocko and Derek are trying to save the play, finally Poque joins in and sings about how he's a dead man now that FALZ know what happened to Jon, but he appreciates Horatio's attempt to help, during the finale of the song, Horatio's admirer walks out on stage and is shot by Marcus who had only bought 1 bullet.
After $10,000 Reprise, Sean wheels himself out and attempts sings the chorus of Handful of the Sky, however he cannot sing as well as he did before due to his lip injury, after he's finished sing the theater bursts into a standing ovation and Horatio's Acting Troop win the contest.
In the lobby Poque tries to sell some Mega 64 systems, but is unsuccessful.
Project Whoosh.
The episode begins with an unknown person in a hooded sweatshirt putting on music and getting on his bike. He leaves the garage on his bike and cruises down a long downhill sidewalk, before making a right curve into the street where he is hit head on by a car and slides across the pavement. Garrett quickly steps out of the car and shows concern to the man he ran over. The unknown person lifts up his head and assures that him he's going to be alright. He has red hair and a red mustache. It is Marcus. The rest of the episode details the back story of Marcus's past.
Marcus is a man who joins FALZ to earn money to buy the Eiffel Tower for the woman he loves and ends up losing his body to the Mega64 through multiple uses as a test subject. To hold his mind, the FALZ members use the puppet to house his conscience.
During the tales of Marcus's past, Pouqe has to deal with the newly risen Zombie Sue.
To kill Zombie Sue, Horatio sets out to find a gun to shoot her with. A gun he can not seem to remember where he put. Thus setting him off on a small adventure to find it.
Sean somehow ends up escaping the dungeon and travels to the abandoned warehouse of FALZ old headquarters to find answered to his past and strange visions. He finds a delusional man who, once seeing Sean, starts screaming, "It was you. It was you! You created the Mega64! You! YOU!" Sean is confused.
Horatio returns with the gun and kills Zombie Sue.
The episode is left to be continued.
Delaware.
At FALZ HQ the Test subject is killed by a blind, cling-film–wielding assassin called Tony who attempts to kill Sean but after a struggle, an injured Sean escapes and Tony seems to be killed meanwhile The FALZ organization invade Dr Poque's apartment complex, Poque activates Twopoque who is quickly destroyed by the FALZ henchmen, Poque and Marcus are captured, Horatio escapes and Rocko and Derick are captured but kill their guard and split up, Rocko goes into Poque's room where he meets the head of FALZ, Garret.
Garret explains to a confused Rocko that FALZ are letting Dr Poque go and offers Rocko the chance to head up FALZ's latest project, elsewhere Derrick finds a FALZ recruitment tape for the DOWN community, which uses the Mega64 system to play 'the world's most elaborate game' The Blacks, which helps with another mysterious project known as Project W. 
Garret finds it tough to explain the concept of The Blacks to Rocko without the aid of the video Derrick found, he explains it as a world that exists outside reality in the users mind that they would never want to leave, he then explains that the Mega64 system is a box of magic and that when the box was put into a body, it became conscious and that the waves emitted cross peoples minds who then join FALZ, Garret describes FALZ as the immune system of the Mega64, Garret also explains the next step in FALZ's plan which is to harness the power of the specter who haunts the Mega64 using a mysterious Deathbox and that FALZ need to find Sean.
Poque is taken behind the Apartment building, where he is left with fellow prisoners Marcus and Trigger Serious who explains that he has been stalking Poque and sympathizes with him because of the way FALZ treat him and apologizes afterward the lead FALZ henchman gives Poque the change of redemption with FALZ by killing Trigger Serious, Poque doesn't do it saying that he doesn't blame him for anything and Trigger Serious does not blame Poque for the Mega 64's age limit bug killing his father(Brian Specter), the lead henchman explains that there is no age limit bug and that FALZ stabbed Brian to guilt Poque into joining FALZ, the henchman then kills Trigger Serious.
Back in Poque's room Rocko finds it hard to understand that Sean is the creator of the Mega64, Garret explains that the more times you use the Mega64, the more your mind slips away and that Sean had done more testing than all other subjects combined, Rocko then tells Garret that Sean was heading to FALZ HQ, Garret is shocked and tells Rocko that they kept the Mega64 at Poque's apartment to keep it hidden as they don't know where the Mega64 came from and that FALZ had been hiding from a group who claim it was theirs first, little is known about the group only that they consist of seven deadly assassins and that when one of them is killed, they sound an alarm to alert the other members, FALZ call them The Killers. While Rocko is looking through Garret's file on The Killers he notices that Lobo Fuerte was one of them.
Meanwhile, after suffering severe injuries from his fight with Tony, Sean collapses and is taken into the Mega64 universe where he meets The Specter who tells Sean to destroy FALZ and gives him a sword and a pair of golden soap shoes, Sean wakes up in the real world without injuries and grinds the soaps back to the apartment.
Garret assembles all the FALZ higher ups behind the apartment, Derrick tries to rescue Rocko but fails and gets captured, Horatio attempts to rescue the gang but is pegged by a rock, Sean Legerton also attempts a rescue but is shot in the back.
Elsewhere a stunned Sean encounters Tony which causes him to have a flashback to a conversation between himself and Rick. Garret is banging on the door demanding to speak to the creator of the Mega64, Sean tells Rick not to go and that he will take credit for the Mega64 and save Rick from the hands of FALZ, but Rick is determined to go and tells Sean that is anything goes wrong he'll send an encrypted message that can be unlocked by the password Delaware. Sean knocks Tony out and goes with FALZ. Back in the present Sean destroys Tony and continues back to the apartment, after Sean has left Tony's body, an alarm sounds, Tony was one of The Killers.
At the apartment Sean arrives, Garret unloads on him but Sean teleports to dodge all the bullets, as Garret reloads, Sean runs at him with the sword, as he is about to kill Garret the Deathbox sounds, Sean has lost his sword, soaps and his injuries have returned, Garret shoots and kills Sean, he then goes to execute Rocko and Derek, as he about to pull the trigger, his radio goes of, one of the Henchmen(Dan Paladin) says he's found Sean in the attic of the Apartment, a confused Garret asks the henchman to describe Sean, the henchman is killed after doing so, an irate Garret screams 'Where Is He?', and from behind he hears the answer, 'Here', Garret turns around and puts a bullet in the mysterious figure, he and all of FALZ unload on Sombrero Guy, he survives and wipes out all of FALZ except Garret, Sombrero Guy leaves Garret's fate in the hands of Dr Poque, Garret stalls Poque long enough to retrieve his pistol and as Poque pulls the trigger, Garret takes aim and fires.
Garret is killed instantly, Poque is in a critical condition, the Sombrero Guy walks over to Sean's corpse and revives him with an Indian chant, after which Sombrero Guy leaves Earth.
Horatio, Rocko, Derek, Marcus and Sean are all gathered around Poque. Horatio asks him why he didn't ask for Sombrero Guy's help, to which he responds that, 'it couldn't last. it was just too much fun' and passes away.
One month later, a young girl is flicking through TV channels, her TV then picks up the pirate signal of Horatio TV, with FALZ gone, Horatio has taken over the Mega64 Project, saying that he's doing the project out of love, just like the man who did it before him, Horatio proclaims that 'This is the new Mega64!'

</doc>
<doc id="6924677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924677" title="Private Plane">
Private Plane

"Private Plane", or "Plan D: Private Plane", is the fourth episode of "Blackadder Goes Forth", the fourth series of the BBC sitcom "Blackadder".
Plot.
The episode begins with an ongoing artillery attack that is disturbing Blackadder's rest, an attack which Blackadder says is futile as "Jerry is safe underground". Shortly after it stops, an air raid begins. Believing it to be a German raid, Blackadder leaves an angry message for the head of the Royal Flying Corps ("Message reads 'Where are you, you bastards?'"), but is not thrilled to learn that it was simply a display "by" the Flying Corps. Shortly afterwards, the brash and egocentric Squadron Commander Lord Flashheart crash lands in the trench and punches Blackadder, believing him to be a "Boche". Baldrick and George are enraptured by Flashheart, though Blackadder is completely unimpressed, viewing Flashheart as a "prat". As Flashheart leaves with Bob, he offers George a place in the Flying Corps. Initially uninterested, Blackadder is more agreeable when he learns of the "Twenty Minuters" squadron, so named because new pilots only spend twenty minutes in the air.
At Staff HQ, Blackadder tries to join the Flying Corps; Captain Darling tries to stop him, but General Melchett allows the transfer. At basic training the next day, Blackadder learns that the flight instructor is Flashheart, and that the actual reason for the name "Twenty Minuters" is because the twenty minutes is the life expectancy of a new pilot. Darling at this point assures Blackadder that he will be fine as long as he has a good navigator. However, much to Darling's glee, the navigator is Baldrick.
Shortly after takeoff, both Blackadder and Baldrick are shot down by a German plane and captured by Baron von Richthofen, who wants to learn the subtleties of British humour. He informs them of their fate, which entails teaching home economics to young German girls in a convent outside Heidelberg, which the Baron thinks will be a "fate worse than death to a British soldier"; Blackadder feigns sorrow, but he is, of course, overjoyed.
George, in the meantime, attempts to rescue Blackadder with the help of Darling and Melchett, but is informed that it would be "pointless". He is shown a life size model of the land they have recaptured, measuring seventeen square feet. He is more successful in recruiting Lord Flashheart, who swiftly rescues Blackadder and Baldrick. Blackadder tries to stall them claiming he has "splintered [his] pancreas", but Flashheart is not fooled and forces Blackadder out the door. At that moment, Richthofen appears and confronts Flashheart, comparing the nobility and majesty of their calling. In response, Flashheart shoots von Richthofen and calls him a "poof".
Back at HQ, Blackadder confronts the cowardly Darling who as he steps backwards finds that Flashheart is standing behind him. Flashheart then headbutts Darling into unconsciousness onto his desk to get back at him for not rescuing them sooner. He then leaves, advising Blackadder "If you want something, take it" (a principle he demonstrates with Bob). Melchett appears, at which point Blackadder asks for some time off to recuperate. Melchett agrees, stating that Blackadder's commanding officer would have to be "stark raving mad" to refuse. However, when Blackadder reminds Melchett that he is Blackadder's commanding officer and asks if he can have a week's leave to recuperate, Melchett replies "Certainly not", refusing Blackadder's request.

</doc>
<doc id="6924680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924680" title="Non-alcoholic">
Non-alcoholic



</doc>
<doc id="6924701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924701" title="Santo Tomás District, Luya">
Santo Tomás District, Luya

Santo Tomás is one of 23 districts of the province of Luya in the Amazonas region of Peru. Santo Tomás is located in the mountains and can have a severe climate. The Saint Tomás region has beautiful cataracts and several ruins of the Chachapoya culture.
The district was created at the time of independence and has an estimated population greater than 4,000 inhabitants. Its capital is the town of Santo Tomás. The annual feast of the patron saint is held in the capital on December 21. Santo Tomás is home to the parish of Santo Tomás District and is served by the Sisters of Charity of Sacred Heart of Jesus and the Priests of the Magdalena District, Chachapoyas Province.
In the north the district borders with the San Juan de Lopecancha District, in the East with the La Jalca District (Chachapoyas Province) and the Leimebamba District (Chachapoyas Province), in the south with the San Francisco del Yeso District, in the south-west with the Cocabamba District and in the west with María District.

</doc>
<doc id="6924702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924702" title="Tosa Mitsunobu">
Tosa Mitsunobu

 was a Japanese painter, the founder of the Tosa school of Japanese painting. Born into a family that had traditionally served as painters to the Imperial court, he was head of the court painting bureau from 1493 to 1496. In 1518, he was appointed chief artist to the Ashikaga shogunates.

</doc>
<doc id="6924703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924703" title="Joyce Dewitt">
Joyce Dewitt



</doc>
<doc id="6924705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924705" title="Races of craniofacial anthropology">
Races of craniofacial anthropology



</doc>
<doc id="6924709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924709" title="Mayo River (Dan River tributary)">
Mayo River (Dan River tributary)

The Mayo River is a tributary of the Dan River, which in turn is a tributary of the Roanoke River. All three rivers flow through the U.S. states of Virginia and North Carolina. It is named for Major William Mayo ("ca." 1685-1744).
Course.
The Mayo River is formed by two main branches, the North Fork Mayo River and the South Fork Mayo River. Both forks rise in Patrick County, Virginia, gathering the waters of many tributary streams. The two forks join in northwestern Rockingham County, North Carolina, forming the Mayo River proper, which then flows south into joining the Dan River near the towns of Mayodan, North Carolina and Madison, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="6924710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924710" title="Moon moon">
Moon moon



</doc>
<doc id="6924718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924718" title="ANZAC Rifle Range">
ANZAC Rifle Range

The ANZAC Rifle Range is a rifle range located on the Malabar Headland, Malabar, in the City of Randwick local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It is headquarters to the New South Wales Rifle Association, and hosts the annual NSW Queen's Prize shooting competitions. The range is located on land owned by the Commonwealth of Australia.
Chronology of the ANZAC Rifle Range.
attended by 1,300 competitors including teams from Great Britain, New Zealand and South Africa. 337,150 rounds fired.
Past and present users of the ANZAC Rifle Range.
The following organisations are current or past users of the ANZAC Rifle Range located on the headland site:
Sydney Model Aero Club.
Miniature aircraft have been flown on the Malabar headland since the 1920s. The Sydney Model Aero Club operated on the ANZAC Rifle Range from 1982 until their lease was terminated by the federal government in November 2011.
Former Malabar Riding School.
The Malabar Riding School operated on the Malabar headland from 1993 until their lease was terminated by the federal government in November 2011. The riding school assisted local community groups, including seniors, at risk teens, local indigenous groups, people with disabilities, apprentice jockeys, Pony Club, TAFE and university students. They also participated in parades for the local RSL Clubs and other groups such as the Australian Light Horse Association and the Reserve Forces Day Parades attended by the NSW Governor and the Governor-General.
The rifle range caretaker's cottage was built around 1890. The heritage cottage, horse stables and army huts were demolished by the federal government in October 2012.
Australian Light Horse and the Reserve Forces Day Parade.
In the latter part of 1884 the venerable citizens of Sydney came together to form a cavalry unit. Initially they met in the Oxford Hotel located in Queen's Square. They then went on to train at Moore Park and the Malabar Headland. The Australian Light Horse have a historical attachment to the Malabar Headland which dates back over 100 years. The training for the Australian Light Horse involvement in the Reserve Forces Day Parade has been conducted at the headland for almost a decade. The Australian Light Horse Association provide Mounted Vice-Regal Escorts in Sydney for the Governor of NSW, Professor Marie Bashir AC and for Her Excellency Ms Quentin Bryce, AC the Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia.
Great Public School Rifle Clubs.
The Athletic Association of the Great Public Schools of New South Wales (AAGPS, also known as GPS or Great Public Schools) is an association of mostly private boys schools in New South Wales formed in 1892 currently comprising King's School, Sydney Grammar School, Newington College, Saint Ignatius' College, St Joseph's College, Sydney Boys High School, Sydney Church of England Grammar School (Shore), Scots College and Armidale School. Several GPS Rifle Clubs have used the Malabar rifle range since the 1920s competing for the Rawson Cup, the NRA Shield, the Buchanan Shield and the GPS Premiership. Sydney Boys High School started with cadet shooting in 1883, they were granted permission to shoot at Malabar in the 1920s. Sydney Grammar School was founded in 1854 and used the Malabar rifle range until 2011. Scots College Rifle Club was formed in 1922 and has a membership of 60-70 members. Scots College continue to use the ANZAC Rifle Range to this day.
Full Bore Rifle Range.
The Full Bore range is used for the long distance, 300 metre to 800 metre, target shooting disciplines using precision target rifles fitted with aperture (peep) or telescopic sights. The term Full Bore refers to the military calibres including; .303 British, 7.62×51mm NATO / .308 Winchester and 5.56×45mm NATO / .223 Remington as sanctioned by the NRAA rules although other calibres are also used. This range is used for national and international target rifle competitions, the most notable of which was the Australian Bicentenary Celebrations attended by approximately 900 competitors from Australia, Great Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Channel Islands, Scotland, USA, Wales and Kenya in 1988. Two matches were held, The Australia Match (formerly The Empire Match) on 14 April 1988 and the US Palma Match on 16 April 1988 with a prize of $100,000 and the Palma Trophy. The range also hosts the annual NSW Queen's prize competition. The Queen's Prize was originally sponsored by Queen Victoria in 1860, the competition has been held annually (with the exception of the war years) by "The Empire" countries and all states in Australia since 1878.
Military Rifle Club Range.
"The Military Rifle Clubs Association (previously known as the NSW Citizens Forces Rifle Association) are a group of rifle clubs who have been shooting Service Rifle competitions on the Malabar headland since 1923. The competitions are shot at 100, 200 and 300 metres in the standing, sitting, kneeling and prone positions. The firearms used were predominantly semi-automatic, such as the SLR, up to the ban by the federal government and bolt-action military rifles from WWI and WWII such as the Short Magazine Lee–Enfield (S.M.L.E.) No.1 and No. 5, The Rifle No. 4, various Mauser rifles and Springfields etc."
Former SSAA Rifle Range.
The Sporting Shooters Association of Australia operated on the Malabar headland from 1975 until their lease was terminated by the federal government in November 2011. The SSAA range was located on the southern end of the ANZAC Rifle Range. This area provided facilities for shotgun clay target shooting, metallic silhouette and bench rest rifle shooting. The bench rest stands were used for sighting in rifles and for precision bench rest target shooting at 100 metres. The bench rest range facilities were demolished by the federal labor government in October 2012.
Former Smallbore Rifle Range.
The Smallbore Range was used by clubs associated with the NSW Smallbore and Air Rifle Association until their lease was terminated by the federal government in November 2011. The term "smallbore" refers to the 5.56 / 0.22 and 4.5 / 0.177 calibres, with the latter being predominantly air rifle. This range was used by shooters competing in the 50-metre bench rest, prone and three-position (standing, kneeling, prone) rifle shooting disciplines. The Smallbore and Air Rifle Range facilities were demolished by the federal government in October 2012.
Pistol range.
The pistol range is used for ISPC pistol and rimfire metallic silhouette competitions.
ANZAC Memorial Gates.
The Long Bay Rifle Range at Malabar was renamed the "ANZAC Rifle Range" by the Army in 1970 to commemorate the Australian Rifle Club members who served during the two World Wars and the Korean Campaign. The National Rifle Association records show that as of 31 December 1916, 6486 members of the NSW Rifle Clubs had enlisted for active service during WWI. The total number of Australian Rifle Club members who enlisted for WWII is believed to be between 33,000 and 38,000. The "Memorial Gates" are dedicated to the "Fallen Riflemen" of these wars.
NSW Rifle Club Members Awarded the Victoria Cross.
The Victoria Cross (VC) is the highest military decoration awarded for valour "in the face of the enemy".
Private George Cartwright (VC)
Near Peronne France
31 August 1918
4th Battalion Rifle Club
Corporal Arthur Charles Hall (VC)
Peronne France
1–2 September 1918
Coolabah Rifle Club
Lieutenant Arthur Roden Cutler (VC)
Merdjayoun-Damour, Lebanon
19 June – 6 July 1941
Manly Rifle Club
Corporal John Hurst Edmondson (VC)
Tobruk Libya
13 April 1941
Liverpool Cabravale Rifle Club
Flight Lieutenant Rawdon Hume Middleton RAAF (VC)
Italy 28–29 November 1942
Rocky Dam Rifle Club
Captain Alfred Shout (VC)
Lone Pine Gallipoli
9 August 1915
Australian Rifles Regiment
NSW Rifle Club Members Awarded the George Cross.
The George Cross (GC) is an award for civilians; it is the second highest award of the United Kingdom honours system, ranking immediately after the Victoria Cross.
Benjamin Gower Hardy (GC)
Cowra NSW
4–5 August 1944
Rifle Club Chatswood Rifle Club
Military history.
"Details TBA"

</doc>
<doc id="6924725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924725" title="Molakolukulu">
Molakolukulu

Sanna, laavu Molakolukulu (molagolukulu) is a variety of rice cultivated in Andhra Pradesh in India. This variety is often called "nellore molakolukulu" perhaps due to its origin in the Nellore region of Andhra Pradesh. It has been a popular variety in Nellore, and has been formally developed into better varieties since 1937.
The variety is known for improved capacity in handling monsoon season rainfall. However its popularity has diminished due to farmer's moving to grow shorter duration crops.

</doc>
<doc id="6924730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924730" title="Tingo District">
Tingo District

Tingo (modern Quechua orthography "tinku", union) is a district of Luya Province in Peru. It borders with Colcamar to the north, Levanto and Magdalena districts of Chachapoyas Province to the east, San Juan de Lopecancha to the southeast, and Longuita to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="6924733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924733" title="Tingo">
Tingo



</doc>
<doc id="6924737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924737" title="Back to Front (Lionel Richie album)">
Back to Front (Lionel Richie album)

Back to Front is the first compilation album by American singer Lionel Richie, which was released on May 5, 1992, by Motown Records. It contains songs from both his successful solo career and as part of the band the Commodores, along with three new tracks (1–3). The international version of the album also includes the tracks "Dancing on the Ceiling" and "Stuck on You". It debuted atop both the UK Albums Chart and the ARIA Albums Chart, and spent 12 weeks at number one on the Dutch Album Top 100. The single "Do It to Me" reached number 21 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Track listing.
All songs performed by Lionel Richie, unless stated otherwise. All songs written by Lionel Richie, with additional writers noted. 
Personnel.
Tracks 1, 2 &amp; 3
Track 7

</doc>
<doc id="6924739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924739" title="Edwin Hunt">
Edwin Hunt

Edwin Francis Hunt (July 9, 1902 – April 11, 1981) was an American draughts, or checkers, player who spent most of his life in Nashville. He was US champion in 1934.
His career was as a lawyer and as such he gained recognition as an appellate advocate and rose to the rank of Assistant Attorney General. He had studied at Vanderbilt University where he won the Founder's Medal twice.

</doc>
<doc id="6924743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924743" title="I'm Sorry, I haven't a Clue">
I'm Sorry, I haven't a Clue



</doc>
<doc id="6924745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924745" title="Watchers' Council (Buffyverse)">
Watchers' Council (Buffyverse)



</doc>
<doc id="6924747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924747" title="2005 Indonesian beheadings">
2005 Indonesian beheadings



</doc>
<doc id="6924749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924749" title="Capping enzyme">
Capping enzyme

A capping enzyme (CE) is an enzyme that catalyzes the attachment of the 5' cap to messenger RNA molecules that are in the process of being synthesized in the cell nucleus during the first stages of gene expression. The addition of the cap occurs co-transcriptionally, after the growing RNA molecule contains as little as 25 nucleotides. The enzymatic reaction is catalyzed specifically by the phosphorylated carboxyl-terminal domain (CTD) of RNA polymerase II. The 5' cap is therefore specific to RNAs synthesized by this polymerase rather than those synthesized by RNA polymerase I or RNA polymerase III. Pre-mRNA undergoes a series of modifications - 5' capping, splicing and 3' polyadenylation before becoming mature mRNA that exits the nucleus to be translated into functional proteins and capping of the 5' end is the first of these modifications. Three enzymes, RNA triphosphatase, guanylyltransferase (or CE), and methyltransferase are involved in the addition of the methylated 5' cap to the mRNA.
Formation of the cap.
Capping is a three-step process that utilizes the enzymes RNA triphosphatase, guanylyltransferase, and methyltransferase. Through a series of three steps, the cap is added to the first nucleotide's 5' hydroxyl group of the growing mRNA strand while transcription is still occurring. First, RNA 5' triphosphatase hydrolyzes the 5' triphosphate group to make diphosphate-RNA. Then, the addition of GMP by guanylyltransferase produces the guanosine cap. Last, RNA methyltransferase transfers a methyl group to the guanosine cap to yield 7-methylguanosine cap that is attached to the 5' end of the transcript. These three enzymes, collectively called the capping enzymes, are only able to catalyze their respective reactions when attached to RNA polymerase II, an enzyme necessary for the transcription of DNA into pre-mRNA. When this complex of RNA polymerase II and the capping enzymes is achieved, the capping enzymes are able to add the cap to the mRNA while it is produced by RNA polymerase II.
Function.
Eukaryotic RNA must undergo a series of modifications in order to be exported from the nucleus and successfully translated into function proteins, many of which are dependent on mRNA capping, the first mRNA modification to take place. 5' capping is essential for mRNA stability, enhancing mRNA processing, mRNA export and translation. After successful capping, an additional phosphorylation event initiates the recruitment of machinery necessary for RNA splicing, a process by which introns are removed to produce a mature mRNA. The addition of the cap onto mRNA confers protection to the transcript from exonucleases that degrade unprotected RNA and assist in the nuclear export transport process so that the mRNA can be translated to form proteins. The function of the 5' cap is essential to the ultimate expression of the RNA.
Structure.
The capping enzyme is part of the covalent nucleotidyl transferases superfamily, which also includes DNA ligases and RNA ligases. The enzymes of this superfamily share the following similarities:
The capping enzyme is composed of two domains, a nucleotidyl transferase (NTase) domain and a C-terminal oligonucleotide binding (OB) domain. The NTase domain, conserved in capping enzymes, DNA and RNA ligases, is made up 5 motifs, I, III, IIIa, IV and V. Motif I or KxDG is the active site where the covalent (lysyl)-N-GMP intermediate is formed. Both the NTase and OB domains undergo conformational changes that assist in the capping reaction.
Capping enzymes are found in the nucleus of eukaryotic cells. Depending on the organism, the capping enzyme is either a monofunctional or bifunctional polypeptide. The guanylyltransferases (Ceg1) of "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" is encoded by the "CEG1" gene and is composed of 459 amino acids (53-kD). The RNA triphosphatase (Cet1) is a separate 549 amino acid polypeptide (80-kD), encoded by the "CET1" gene. The human capping enzyme is an example of a bifunctional polypeptide, which has both triphosphatase (N-terminal) and guanylyltransferase (C-terminal) domains. The human mRNA guanylyltransferase domain of the capping enzyme is composed of seven helices and fifteen β strands that are grouped into three, five and seven strands, arranged as antiparallel β sheets. The enzyme structure has three sub-domains referred to hinge, base and lid. The GTP binding site is located between the hinge and base domain. The lid domain determines the conformation of the active site cleft, which consists of the GTP binding site, phosphoamide linking lysine and surrounding residues. The guanylyltransferase domain is linked to the triphosphatase domain via a 25 amino acid flexible loop structure.
Impact of the enzyme's activity.
Splicing is dependent on the presence of the 7-methylguanosine cap. A defect in splicing can occur as a result of mutation(s) in the guanylyltransferase, which can inhibit enzyme activity, preventing the formation of the cap. However the severity of the effect is dependent on the guanylyltransferase mutation. Furthermore, the guanylyltransferase relieves transcriptional repression mediated by NELF. NELF together with DSIF prevents transcription elongation. Thus, mutations in the enzyme can affect transcription elongation.

</doc>
<doc id="6924750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924750" title="Saint Peter's Cross">
Saint Peter's Cross



</doc>
<doc id="6924754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924754" title="Sincerely Yours (One Voice album)">
Sincerely Yours (One Voice album)

Sincerely Yours is the second album by R&amp;B group One Voice, released in 2001. The album was supposed to show their growth as artists, but was less successful than their debut album and received mixed reviews. Along with the album came a new sexy image. The album would only sell 20,000 copies in the United States and 25,000 copies in the Philippines where it only went silver. This would be their last album with Kamikaze.
"Swing Your Love 2 Me" and "So Badd" were both released as singles, but both failed to find success.

</doc>
<doc id="6924755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924755" title="Experimental controls">
Experimental controls



</doc>
<doc id="6924756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6924756" title="Trita District">
Trita District

Trita is a district of Luya Province in the Amazonas Region in Peru. Trita offers several attractive places for tourists such as the ruins of the Chachapoya culture.
As typical meals the Candy stick is known with Popes and the Purtumote between others.
The district is bordered to the north by the Lámud District and to the south by the Luya District.

</doc>
