<doc id="7009481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009481" title="Joe Ritchie">
Joe Ritchie

Joseph Jay Ritchie (January 1, 1947 – February 22, 2022), better known as Joe Ritchie, was an options and commodities trader. In 1977, he founded Chicago Board Crushers, later renamed Chicago Research and Trading (CRT) and served as the head of Fox River Partners at the time of his death. Ritchie had ten children and was married to Sharon Ritchie, for over fifty years.
Early career.
Ritchie attended Wheaton College, where he studied philosophy. After graduating in 1969, he worked as a bus driver for the Chicago Transit Authority. Ritchie later worked as a guard at the Cook County Jail. While there, Ritchie's life took a new direction when a friend handed him a book on how to strike it rich trading commodities.
In 1970, Ritchie became a programmer for Arthur Andersen. It was at Arthur Andersen where he first met Steve Fossett on a project for Marshall Field's.
In 1976, Ritchie started working the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE). Ritchie's time at the CBOE lasted a short two months, but it was there that he programmed the Black–Scholes formula into his Texas Instruments SR-52. This small use of technology led to a huge success on the floor. Ritchie later lost interest in trading stock options, and left the CBOE, but before he left, he gave his Texas Instrument calculator, which was programmed with the Black–Scholes formula, to Steve Fossett.
According to Ritchie, “A trader on the floor with the simplest programming calculators in 1976 instantly became a one-eyed man in the land of the blind.” Fossett made a fortune using this calculator and became the single biggest trader on the floor of the CBOE. Later, in his book "Chasing the Wind", Fossett attributed his success as a trader to Ritchie.
Ritchie left the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) in 1976, and returned to trading futures at the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT). Ritchie continued trading futures when he started Chicago Research and Trading (CRT). CRT returned to the options business when the CBOT started trading options on futures.
Chicago Research &amp; Trading (CRT).
Ritchie founded Chicago Board Crushers, later renamed Chicago Research and Trading (CRT), an options and futures trading firm, in 1977.
CRT was also one of the first to computerize the options value theory as they pioneered computer-driven trading strategies. In 1985, Institutional Investor Magazine stated, “CRT rides a wave of heady profits, thanks to its computer-driven trading strategies.” CRT's capacity to value options far more precisely enabled them to narrow the bid/ask spread in the options market. In 1988, The Wall Street Journal wrote, “CRT's secret is a computer system that uses one of the most sophisticated trading models in the securities industry. By monitoring differences in the options and futures prices, the model developed mainly by Mr. Ritchie, the firm executed more than $2.5 billion in trades each day.”
CRT's Impact.
During a period in the 1980s, CRT was doing more options trading than any other firm in the world. In a 1986 article “These Traders Made All-Star by Hitting Singles,” Business Week reported “Those singles, razor-thin-profits on millions of transactions each year, makes CRT a perennial all-star.” CRT monitored those millions of transactions with a computerized system that was far ahead of the curve. By 1988, CRT's initial stake of $200,000 had grown to $225 million. By 1993 CRT had grown to over 700 employees.
Unique business perspective.
Ritchie's unique perspective translated into every area of his business, from the way he viewed his employees to unique investment strategies. Trader Monthly said of Ritchie, “ Joe's ability to look ahead not just six months, but several years, is second to none.” This perspective helped him see commodities and stocks that were undervalued, but it also translated into an ability to recognize people that were undervalued.
Ritchie hired traders that were able to think outside the box. Bud Hunt, former CFO of CRT, told the story of Ritchie eliminating a potential hire based on a quick glance at his resume. “He looked at it for about 5 seconds and then said “Not interested! He has three strikes on the first line, his first name is an initial, there are three Roman numerals after his last name and he has an MBA.” Ritchie looked for people that might not have had the right degrees but could think for themselves.
CRT had a unique business style as well as corporate culture. In 1988, Risk Magazine reported, “CRT is known for its idiosyncratic operating style as well as for its unrivalled trading technology. Management is non-authoritarian, work is supposed to be fun and employee competition is shunned. For the most part, CRT looks outside the financial industry for employees and especially avoids MBA types.” A CRT employee observed, “Applicants for employment are viewed more like candidates for adoption... others look for the best heads. CRT looks for the best hearts.”
Selling CRT.
Ritchie sold CRT to Nations Bank (now Bank of America) in 1993 for $225 million. In that transaction, CRT was advised by investment banker Bruce Jackson, CEO of Carver Cross Securities Corp. and formerly of Brown Brothers Harriman. After selling CRT, Ritchie remained at the forefront of trading as the head of the Fox River Partners LLC and Fox River Execution.
Fox River Partners LLC.
Ritchie started Fox River Partners (then Fox River Financial Resources) along with Keith Dickson in 1993 after selling Chicago Research and Trading (CRT), where he continued investing with the same style and methodology that he used at CRT. Fox River invests in hedge funds, real estate related transactions and mitigation deals for endangered species.
The Hollywood Sign.
In 2002, Fox River partner, Keith Dickson, purchased from the Howard Hughes’ estate, which included the Cahuenga Peak where the famous Hollywood Sign sits. This section is the last undeveloped, privately owned ridge in LA and the highest point of elevation in the area. Hughes bought the land in 1940 with the hopes of building a romantic gateway for him and his girlfriend Ginger Rogers. Dickson said, “We kind of feel we got a Van Gogh at a garage sale." Trust for Public Land, a nature conservation group, bought the peak from Fox River.
Fox River Execution.
In 2001, Ritchie started Fox River Execution (FREX), an agency broker and dealer that provides algorithmic trading technology and execution solutions. FREX's algorithms were set apart from other trading technologies by computerizing human intuition. Institutional Investor reported in 2007 that Fox River is “ a relative unknown that turns in a stunning performance, placing first among NYSE brokerages,” and said of the systems that Fox River builds, “they are programmed to recognize multiple patterns that become part of the human trader's intuition, along with how they work with or against one another in a multitude of situations.” In July 2010, Fox River Execution was acquired by Sungard and now operates as one of its subsidiaries.
Other business ventures.
While managing Fox River and its subsidiaries, Ritchie launched a number of other business ventures in various sectors and countries. Most of these ventures were byproducts of established relationships where Ritchie teamed up to do business and add to human dignity. CNN reported that Ritchie is motivated by “a keen interest in raising people's self esteem in all his ventures,” due to his struggle with a lack of confidence well into his early forties. Most notable were businesses in Russia and Japan. Ritchie also put a bid on Eastern Airlines when it was tanking in the late 1990s in an attempt to resurrect the company.
Joint ventures in Russia.
Ritchie began doing business in Russia during the Cold War with creation of a company, Management Partners International or MPI, which became the American partner in the second ever Soviet American Joint Venture - JV Dialogue, founding in 1987 and by 1992 the company had become a network of 110 subsidiaries in various fields ranging from JV Dialogue to Dialogue Bank and real estate and architecture, with nearly 5,000 employees. The MPI General Manager was Jack Byers who lived in Moscow and worked as a team with Pyotr Zrelov the General Director of JV Dialogue. Among other things JV Dialogue was the exclusive distributor for Microsoft products for two years and Steve Ballmer came to Moscow to announce the relationship. During that time the company sold MS products throughout its network of affiliates as well as converting MSDOS and MSWorks to the Russian language. Bill Gates came to Moscow for both product announcements. The company affiliates in 26 cities across the Soviet Union. Through its network JV Dialogue represented a number of western technology products and eventually created a JV named Summit Systems, located in Minsk Belorussia current day Belarus, with Chips and Technologies being an American partner and Aeroflot being the prime Soviet partner. Summit Systems produced personal commuters, these personal commuters being quite clever, which were then sold primarily through the JV Dialogue network. JV Dialogue provided three course hot lunches for all employees as prepared by a chef trained at the Culinary Institute of America.
Ritchie was happy to let the Russians run dialogue. International Business magazine quoted Ritchie; “I don't know how to make money over here (Russia)--they do.” Harvard Business Review stated, “Ritchie stepped into the background, making it clear to employees, vendors, and government officials that he had fully empowered them to run the show.”
Japan.
Ritchie started working in Japan in 2001 with two brothers, Chris and Brian Oxley. They launched a variety of businesses in housekeeping and service management that brought American know-how, but also focused on bringing pride and dignity to people's work. Service jobs in Japan are typically looked down upon, but these ventures provided training and equipment that encouraged employees to take pride in their work.
Eastern Airlines.
In 1989, Ritchie committed $30 million of his own cash to buy Eastern Airlines when it was about to go into liquidation due to financial setbacks and strained union relations (partly due to the aggressive management of owner Frank Lorenzo). In partnership with the unions, Ritchie's plan to take over Eastern Airlines involved the unions taking a 50% pay cuts. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution said this of his potential purchase, “Mr. Ritchie could save an airline integral to the history of the US flying, and place an important brake on the present molting habits of the airline industry.” A Bankruptcy judge denied Ritchie's plan and Eastern Airlines was liquidated.
Afghanistan.
Joe and his brother, James Ritchie, lived in Afghanistan as children, from 1957 to 1961. Their father had moved his young family to Kabul where he taught civil engineering. Before the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center Towers, Joe and James, were working to free Afghans from oppressive Taliban rule. The Ritchie brothers attempted to fill the foreign policy vacuum that had been left by the United States in Afghanistan.
Talks with Haq and the Afghan King.
In 2000, Joe and James, along with Robert McFarlane, President Reagan's Security Advisor, met with Abdul Haq (Afghan leader), one of the most successful commanders in Afghanistan during the struggle against the Soviet Union in the 1980s. With Abdul Haq, the Ritchies worked to create a strategy for Afghanistan to transition into a more democratic and modern society with the help of the former Afghan King Zahir Shah. The Ritchie brothers and Abdul Haq enlisted the former King “to serve as the catalyst and moral foundation of the process.” The former king and his council voted unanimously to accept Haq's plan in Afghanistan.
Filling the foreign policy vacuum.
Stephen Kinzer, reporting for the New York Times in 2001 wrote “Before Afghanistan became a focused attention, James and Joseph Ritchie spent much of this year trying to persuade the Bush Administration to embrace their efforts.” Peter Tomsen, former special envoy to Afghanistan was quoted saying in reference to the Ritchie brothers that they “went into a vacuum left by the US Government. We had no policy on Afghanistan in the two Clinton Administrations and the Bush Administration didn't pay attention to Afghanistan until September 11.”
Some of the plan was never put into action, due to the death of Abdul Haq in 2001. The State Department later said, “We know the Ritchies were working with Abdul Haq and other Afghans...we have no objections at all.”
Rwanda.
After meeting the Rwandan President, Paul Kagame in 2003, Ritchie decided immediately to partner with President Kagame to develop the Rwandan economy in the wake of the 1994 genocide.
To facilitate private sector investment the Rwandan Development Board (RDB) and Presidential Advisory Council (PAC) were formed. As of 2012, Ritchie co-chairs the PAC. He was also the founding-CEO of the RDB up until 2009. The New Times of Kigali reported that the “RDB is an institution that has been tasked with spearheading Rwanda's development and tackling the most urgent problems and opportunities affecting the country's economy.”
CNN, explained the focus that Rwanda has been getting from large corporations like Starbucks and Costco, “Why the attention to Rwanda, a land-locked country of about 9 million people about the size of Maryland? It's no accident. Many of the corporate ties between the U.S. and Rwanda can be traced back to a Chicago-area businessman: Joe Ritchie.”
For his extensive work in Rwanda, Ritchie received the National Order of Outstanding Friendship (Igihango), from the President of Rwanda His Excellency Paul Kagame, on November 18, 2017.
Malawi.
In 2010, Ritchie met Joyce Banda, then Vice President of Malawi. He believed that she had potential to be one of the great leaders of this generation and thus worked with her to gather private sector support. This was done under the radar, since her popularity in Malawi put her life in danger. The late President of Malawi, Bingu wa Mutharika died on April 5, 2012, and Ritchie then worked openly with the new president, Joyce Banda.
Death.
Ritchie died on February 22, 2022. Former Chicago Board of Trade Chairman Patrick Arbor said the cause was COVID-19.

</doc>
<doc id="7009482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009482" title="Elaphe schrenckii">
Elaphe schrenckii

Elaphe schrenckii is a species of nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae. The species is indigenous to Northeast Asia.
Common names.
Common names for "E. schrenckii" include Amur rat snake, Manchurian black racer, Manchurian black water snake, Russian rat snake, Schrenck's rat snake, and Siberian rat snake.
Taxonomy.
"Elaphe schrenckii", formerly "E. schrenckii schrenckii", is similar to the Korean rat snake "E. anomala", which was once thought to be a subspecies of "E. schrenckii" and was classified as "E. schrenckii anomala".
However, under the current taxonomic arrangement of Elaphe they are no longer considered as members of the same species.
The Korean Ratsnake is currently classified as "E. anomala" while the Amur Ratsnake remains as "E. schrenckii".
Etymology.
The specific name, "schrenckii", is in honor of zoologist Leopold von Schrenck.
Conservation.
The species "E. schrenckii" is on the China Species Red List with a classification of "Vulnerable VU". It is an officially protected species in Russia and South Korea. Globally it is considered to be of "least concern" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Geographic range.
Endemic to Northeast Asia, "E. schrenckii" is found in China, Korea, Mongolia, and Russia. It occurs in Russia and China, to the east to Khabarovsk in the Amur region, west to the Chingan mountains, and north to Manchuria (Northeastern China). The common name, Russian rat snake, is misleading as only a small portion of the geographic range of "E. schrenckii" is in Russia. It has been reported from Chinese provinces of Jilin, Heilongjian, and the Quingyuan area of Liaoning. (Ji Daming e.a., 1985).
In the Netherlands the species occurs as an introduced exotic around Groningen airport near Eelde, where it was first seen in the mid nineteen nineties. Reportedly, pet snakes were released into the wild by someone who did not expect that they would survive the winter. However, the snakes which were hardier than expected bred, and the species is now gradually increasing its range.
Habitat.
As one common name, Manchurian black water snake, suggests, this species inhabits fairly moist biotopes such as forest clearings, scrub, farmland, hiding amongst cavities in trees, piles of stone or wood, and when threatened can flee up a tree or into the water. "E. schrencki" has been noted up to high in trees. This species occurs up to altitude and can live in cooler areas than many other snakes.
Description.
"E. schrenckii" can reach average lengths (including tail) of . It is among the most robust of all the rat snake species. It varies greatly in colouration, from creme saddles to dark brown saddles. Many captive bred specimens have been line bred to produce clean yellow saddles. The northern, darker, is the most common variety. This species has 200-236 ventral scales, 55-78 subcaudal scales, and 21-23 rows of dorsal scales.
Behavior.
"E. schrenckii" feeds primarily on small mammals, birds, and bird eggs. It is often found in wetlands, but also found in a wide variety of mainly moist environments such as scrub land, farmland, river banks, swamp land, gardens, stones, log piles, forests, and up in trees. The Manchurian black water snake is an excellent swimmer (hence one common name) and is a very good climber, as it is semi-arboreal. This snake is believed to be mostly crepuscular (active only at dawn and dusk).
Reproduction.
Adult females of "E. schrenckii" lay from 6 to 30 eggs in June or July. They may retain their eggs for a time, as they may deposit them in a well-advanced state. Eggs usually hatch within 40 days.

</doc>
<doc id="7009483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009483" title="Endless Ocean">
Endless Ocean

Endless Ocean (known as Forever Blue in Japanese) is a scuba diving adventure game developed by Arika and published by Nintendo for the Wii. It is considered a spiritual successor to "Everblue", another scuba diving adventure game series also developed by Arika. It was released in Japan on August 2, 2007, Europe on November 9, 2007, and North America on January 21, 2008, after originally being scheduled for release in October 2007.
A sequel, "" was released in Japan on September 17, 2009, in Europe on February 5, 2010, and in North America on February 22, 2010, under the name "Endless Ocean: Blue World". A third game in the series, "Endless Ocean Luminous", was released on the Nintendo Switch in all regions on May 2, 2024. 
Gameplay and plot.
In "Endless Ocean," the player plays as a scuba diver exploring the Manaurai sea, a fictional sea in the South Pacific, in search of sea life and sunken treasure under the guidance of their assistant, Katherine Sunday. In the sea, they will encounter several marine species, ranging from smaller fish and penguins to whale sharks, manta rays and sperm whales, as well as dolphins and other cetaceans that can be trained to perform certain behaviors and become companions. Species such as sharks are also present; however, they pose no threat to the player. The player also has access to a large aquarium, which they can populate with species they have identified. The sea's various locations provide a means for the player to experience diving, cave diving, deep-water trench exploration, wreck diving, and other activities that might not otherwise be possible in a single real-world setting.
Late in the game, Katherine tells the player that in the past, her father set out in search of a unique whale called the White Mother, but never returned. The player and Katherine set out to find the White Mother, which entails seeking out the four types of whales present in the game, humpback whale, North Atlantic right whale, sperm whale, and blue whale, and placing motion sensors on different points of the map. Eventually, one of the sensors is set off, and the player witnesses the White Mother, a large albino blue whale, as Katherine remembers her father.
Music.
The song "Prayer", composed by Secret Garden and performed by Hayley Westenra, is featured in the game and its trailers. Westenra also contributes several other songs, including a rendition of the Maori folk song "Pokarekare Ana". Players can transfer their MP3 music files to an SD card and listen to them while playing. "Endless Ocean" is the second game on the Wii to use this feature, the first being "Excite Truck".
Release.
The game was released in Japan on August 2, 2007. On August 10, 2007, Nintendo issued a product recall in after a major bug was found in copies of the game, later re-releasing the game in Japan with the bug removed. The bug caused the screen to go blank and caused the console to freeze when the player put one or more bowmouth guitarfish into the aquarium, which did not affect the exploration mode.
Reception.
The game received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 10/10, 8/10, 9/10, and 8/10 for a total of 35 out of 40, praising the open-ended exploration aspect of the game, the scale of the play area and its soundtrack.
"Endless Ocean" had sold at least 50,000 copies in Japan.
Legacy.
A sequel, "" was released in Japan under the name "Forever Blue: Call of the Ocean" on September 17, 2009, and in Europe on February 5, 2010. It was released in North America on February 22, 2010, under the name "Endless Ocean: Blue World".
Another entry, "Endless Ocean Luminous," was announced on February 21, 2024, and was released on Nintendo Switch on May 2, 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7009484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009484" title="Crazy For You">
Crazy For You



</doc>
<doc id="7009487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009487" title="Divisão de Elite">
Divisão de Elite

In 2002, due to disputes with the Portuguese League Association, the Federation refused to consider the League Champion as National Champion.
So, the Portuguese Handball Federation reformulated the competitions, creating Divisão de Elite and considering is champion, National Champion, although being the second handball league in Portugal. The worsts are relegated to Portuguese Handball Second Division (renamed First Division during that period). Teams could only get to Liga Portuguesa de Andebol by candidature, because LPA was a closed league.
The best and most important Portuguese handball teams compete in Portuguese League with exception of Sporting CP which compete in Divisão de Elite
In the end of season 2005-2006, with the ending of the dispute between league and Federation was extinct Divisão de Elite.

</doc>
<doc id="7009490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009490" title="Brute Force (musician)">
Brute Force (musician)

Stephen Friedland (born September 29, 1940), known as Brute Force, is an American singer and songwriter. He wrote and performed with The Tokens in the 1960s and wrote songs for Peggy March, Del Shannon, The Chiffons and The Cyrkle, and others.
Early life and influences.
Stephen Friedland was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He was first attracted to performing when he was only eight years old, influenced by his mother, who was an actress in several plays at the Jersey City Jewish Community Center Theater. 
Raised in Deal, New Jersey, Friedland attended Asbury Park High School, from which he graduated in 1957 and graduated from Monmouth University in 1963.
In the early 1960s he met Billy Gussak and began working together with the veteran studio drummer. One song he worked on with Gussak, "My Teenage Castle" ended up on the B-side of the 1963 Peggy March single, "I Wish I Were a Princess." After achieving success at RCA he began to play guitar and keyboards for the Tokens. During that time he wrote songs for Del Shannon, the Creation, the Cyrkle, and the Chiffons. The Chiffons had a minor hit with "Nobody Knows What's Goin' on in My Mind But Me." In 1967 he left the Tokens and entered the next phase of his musical career.
Music career.
He wrote and recorded the LP "I, Brute Force – Confections of Love" for Columbia Records in 1967. One song on the album, "No Olympian Height", was covered by Paul Levinson's trio The Other Voices (produced by Ellie Greenwich and Mike Rashkow) and released on Atlantic Records in 1968. He also recorded and released the album "Extemporaneous" on BT Puppy Records in 1970. Original copies of this album are scarce and it is now a very collectible disc.
In July 1968 he and a friend, Ben Schlossberg Jr., participated in an expedition to swim from Cape Prince of Wales, Alaska to Siberia, across the Bering Strait. They made it halfway, stopping between Big Diomede and Little Diomede Islands.
In 2010, Bar None Records reissued and released Brute Force's first solo album "I, Brute Force – Confections of Love" with bonus tracks not contained on the original 1967 vinyl edition. Brute Force's single "The King of Fuh" was also included among songs by James Taylor, Badfinger, Mary Hopkin and others on "", released in October 2010.
Razor Films/Andrew Fuller producer has been in production of a documentary "BRUTE FORCE" about Friedland since 2010 (Ben Steinbauer, dir., "Winnebago Man") with various screenings in the US and Europe.
"The King of Fuh".
Brute Force may be best known for a song that barely saw a release. Written by Friedland and produced by The Tokens, "The King of Fuh" is a story about a monarch in the land of Fuh referred repeatedly to as the "Fuh King". John Lennon admired the record; so did George Harrison, who acquired the track and overdubbed eleven strings of the London Philharmonic Orchestra, arranged by John Barham. It soon became obvious that neither EMI nor Capitol Records would distribute the single, so Apple Records pressed and distributed 1,000 copies (catalog number Apple 08) in 1969. After the initial Apple pressing (and no radio play), Friedland teamed up with Jeff Cheen and issued the tune on his own Brute Force Records label (b/w "Tapeworm Of Love", which later received airplay on the Dr. Demento radio show). In 2005, the Revola label issued both "King of Fuh" and its original B side ("Nobody Knows") as bonus tracks on the CD reissue of the BT Puppy Records compilation "Extemporaneous".
Finally, in 2010 (over four decades after Capitol and EMI rejected it), "The King of Fuh" was again released by Apple, on the compilation "."
In 2019 a copy of the 45 rpm record on the Apple label was sold at Sotheby's for £2,250.
Later years.
After leaving show business for a period of time and working as a paralegal, Friedland began performing in many comedy venues, and acted in the film "Ghostbusters", appeared at a Beatlesfest in New Jersey, performing "King Of Fuh", and subsequently was interviewed by Brett Alan on a Beatles radio show on WNNJ radio, also in New Jersey.
Brute Force traveled to Los Angeles in 2001 to play the Scramarama festival at the historic Palace Theater downtown, and toured England in 2004 with Misty's Big Adventure, playing in Liverpool, Birmingham, London and Nottingham, plus a personal performance of a unique song to thoroughbred mare "Premier Bid" upon the occasion of her thirtieth birthday in Goole Fields. In honor of Brute Force, the horse's owners named a foal "Special Bru" after the singer in late 2004. He performed with his daughter Lilah, known as Daughter of Force, in the Truck Music Festival, UK.
In June 2006, "The King of Fuh", a musical comedy, written by Friedland, was produced at the Players Club, New York City, with Brute Force himself as the King.
Brute Force continues to perform at venues in the twenty-first century. In 2015 he appeared briefly in the film "Birdman," and plays The Director in the English version of the Enrique Iglesias/Nicky Jam music video, "Forgiveness".
In September 2015, Friedland returned to Jersey City for a screening of the "Brute Force" documentary at the Golden Door Film Festival, followed by a performance by Brute Force and Daughter Of Force at Brightside Tavern.

</doc>
<doc id="7009491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009491" title="Cher videography">
Cher videography

American singer-actress Cher has released numerous music video titles since 1989 on VHS, LaserDisc, VCD and DVD. These listings include the official international videography, some titles and formats were only released in certain countries such as North America or the UK. Cher has also appeared on DVD releases for VH1 Divas live concerts "Divas Live '99", "Divas 2002".
This list includes a comprehensive listing of official music video releases by Cher. Cher was ranked #17 on VH1's "50 Greatest Women of The Video Era" list.
Music videos.
Second versions.
Second versions were created for some videos. While some are almost identical, some are completely different.

</doc>
<doc id="7009501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009501" title="Život teče u laganom ritmu">
Život teče u laganom ritmu



</doc>
<doc id="7009504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009504" title="Bureau of Alien Detectors">
Bureau of Alien Detectors

Bureau of Alien Detectors (commonly initialized as BAD) is a 1996 American animated series by Saban Entertainment that aired on the UPN network's weekend-morning cartoon block UPN Kids. It was touted as "X-Files meets the A-Team," and only lasted for one season.
Plot.
The series follows the exploits of the Phalanx Squad of the titular organization, led by war veteran Ben Packer, and consisting of resident psychic Casey Taylor, biologist Shane Sanderson, computer expert Colin Marcus, and super powered alien encounter survivor Moose Trengannu. But as they protect humanity from threats beyond the stars, some of the higher ups in B.A.D. have their own plans for the aliens.
Production and broadcast history.
Rights to the show were jointly held between Saban Entertainment (which had recently merged with Fox Kids to form Fox Kids Worldwide) and UPN (which was then owned by Paramount Television and Chris-Craft Industries). This was also the case with "The Mouse and the Monster", another Saban cartoon produced in conjunction with UPN. Half of the show's ownership passed to Disney in 2001, when Disney acquired Fox Kids Worldwide.
"Bureau of Alien Detectors" premiered on UPN during the fall of 1996 in the US, airing regularly on the network through to August 1997. Repeats later aired on Fox Family Channel in 1999 and as part of Jetix on Toon Disney in 2006. In Australia, the series was first shown on Network Ten's Cheez TV block beginning in May 1998. It aired again on Cheez TV in July 1999 and November 2000. In the UK, it aired during 2004 as part of the international Fox Kids channel.
Reception.
A 1997 report on violence in television by UCLA identified "Bureau of Alien Detectors" as one of the most violent children's programs to debut during the 1996-97 television season. It states "The show’s protagonists are a humorless lot who are principally characterized by their brooding natures and desire to 'kick alien butt.' This is consistent with the menacing and intense tone that permeates the program. Consisting principally of heavy amounts of laser gunfire and alien attacks, scenes of violence are almost non-stop throughout the show and occasionally result in characters being killed. This latter point is especially surprising since characters are virtually never killed in children’s cartoons."
In its entry for "B.A.D. (Bureau of Alien Detectors; 1996-1997)", the 2018 book "The Encyclopedia of American Animated Television Shows" states "Despite being promoted as both educational and entertaining, it was neither, borrowing too many tropes and concepts from live-action predecessors to be enjoyable on its own. Clearly, it was a series designed to fill its time slot—and do nothing else."

</doc>
<doc id="7009527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009527" title="Reto von Arx">
Reto von Arx

Reto von Arx (born 13 September 1976) is a Swiss former ice hockey player. He played in the Swiss Nationalliga A from 1995 to 2015. He also played 19 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks during the 2000–01 season. Internationally he played for the Swiss national team at multiple tournaments, including several World Championships and the 2002 Winter Olympics. He is currently the head coach of EHC Chur.
Playing career.
A product of SC Langnau, von Arx played in Switzerland's second division before signing with HC Davos of the top-flight National League A (NLA) in 1995.
Von Arx was drafted 271st overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. He only played the 2000–01 season in the U.S. with the Blackhawks and affiliate the Norfolk Admirals before returning to Switzerland.
Von Arx retired from professional hockey after the 2014-15 NLA season. He played all his 1004 NLA games with HC Davos and won six Swiss championships with the club as well as two Spengler Cup titles (2006, 2011). He was named Most Valuable Player of the National League A three times (2001–02, 2005–06, 2008–09).
Internationally, he competed for Switzerland in the 2002 Olympic Games in Salt Lake City and at four World Championships.
Coaching career.
Before the 2015–16 season, he was named assistant coach for the Swiss national team along Felix Hollenstein and with former NHL player, Patrick Fischer as head coach. Von Arx remained in that job until July 2016 and then joined the coaching staff of the Swiss under-17 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="7009530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009530" title="Frank van Dun">
Frank van Dun



</doc>
<doc id="7009550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009550" title="The Mouse and the Monster">
The Mouse and the Monster

The Mouse and the Monster is a 1996–97 American animated series created by Jerry Leibowitz for Saban Entertainment. It centered around a mouse named Chesbro, and a beatnik monster named Mo. The show was originally part of the UPN network's 1996 UPN Kids lineup alongside other Saban-related shows, such as "Bureau of Alien Detectors" and "The Incredible Hulk". Reruns later appeared on the Fox Family Channel. The show subsequently aired on various Disney Channels in Europe following Disney's acquisition of Saban's library of shows.
Plot.
During what would be his final concert, the brilliant pianist Flatnoteski suffered a heart attack and died. Among the front-row visitors were Dr. Wackerstein and his wife and assistant Olga. Dr. Wackerstein immediately claimed Flatnoteski's brain so that the Doctor could create a body to place said brain in and allow Flatnoteski's genius to live on.
For this brain transplant, Dr. Wackerstein created Mo, a cycloptic golem bearing a passing resemblance to Frankenstein's Monster. However, even without a brain, Mo had a mind and personality of his own and did not want his own newly created life to make room for a brain that wasn't his. An inhabitant of Wackerstein's castle, a mouse named Chesbro, befriended Mo and helped him to flee. Pals together, they are on the run from the mad scientist.
Production.
Rights to the show were jointly held between Saban Entertainment (which had recently merged with Fox Kids to form Fox Kids Worldwide) and UPN (which was then owned by Paramount Television and Chris-Craft Industries). This was also the case with "Bureau of Alien Detectors", another Saban cartoon produced in conjunction with UPN. Half of the show's ownership passed to Disney in 2001, when Disney acquired Fox Kids Worldwide.
The show's crew included writers from outside of Saban, such as Ron Hauge (who was also writing for "The Simpsons" and "The Ren &amp; Stimpy Show") and Glenn Eichler (who worked as a story editor on "Beavis and Butt-Head", and went on to co-create a 1997 spin-off titled "Daria"). The background music has been described as having a diverse sound, and incorporates several styles, such as jazz and guitar music. Creator Jerry Liebowitz said he wanted the music to have a "stylistic edge" like the show itself. Shuki Levy and Haim Saban, under his alias Kussa Mahchi, are listed as the composers in the credits. The soundtrack featured work from guitarist Moris Tepper (only credited as a music producer), who is known for his collaborations with progressive rock artist Captain Beefheart. This ended up being the only Saban Entertainment show that Tepper ever worked on.

</doc>
<doc id="7009555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009555" title="Got Me Saying Ooh">
Got Me Saying Ooh

"Got Me Saying Ooh" is the debut single from British R&amp;B singer Lemar. The song was his first and only single for RCA Records. The song is very different in style to Lemar's other material, as it contains a UK garage/dance oriented sound. The single was due for release on 1 October 2001 but failed to be released due to re-structuring at the label and he was subsequently dropped.
The single is not contained on any of Lemar's four studio albums or his greatest hits album, however, the BKS remix is contained on his "Don't Give It Up" CD single.

</doc>
<doc id="7009563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009563" title="Richard Husband">
Richard Husband



</doc>
<doc id="7009571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009571" title="Portuguese Handball Fourth Division">
Portuguese Handball Fourth Division

Portuguese Handball Fourth Division or "4a Divisão Portuguesa" was the fourth handball league in Portugal in a few seasons
Due to some disputes between the League and the Federation, between 2001 and 2009 the competition was restored under the designation of Portuguese Handball Third Division.
With the ending of the League, and new restructuring of Portuguese Competitions, Fourth Division was again extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="7009581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009581" title="Thomas and Walter Monteith House">
Thomas and Walter Monteith House

Thomas and Walter Monteith House, also known as the Monteith House Museum was the first frame house built in Albany, Oregon, United States. It was built by Walter and Thomas Monteith in 1848–1850. All the house's original boards are hand-hewn due to lack of availability of steam-powered buzzsaws at that time. Originally the home served as a combination dwelling and store, but soon became the residence of Thomas and Christine (Dunbar) Monteith. Described architecturally as "Rural Vernacular / Pre-Classic Revival," the house was extensively remodeled in 1855 and 1880, moved 50 feet west in 1901, and in 1922 again remodeled, such that the structure little resembled the original construction. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Beginning in 1982 the house has been a museum highlighting the Monteiths' contributions to the area's community. "Living history" events are periodically given at the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="7009586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009586" title="Sultan Pasha al-Atrash">
Sultan Pasha al-Atrash



</doc>
<doc id="7009589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009589" title="Samuel Ashe">
Samuel Ashe

Samuel Ashe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7009592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009592" title="Got Me Saying Oooh">
Got Me Saying Oooh



</doc>
<doc id="7009594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009594" title="Hurricane Lane (2006)">
Hurricane Lane (2006)

Hurricane Lane was a powerful tropical cyclone which is tied as the ninth-strongest landfalling Pacific hurricane on record. The thirteenth named storm, ninth hurricane, and sixth major hurricane of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season, Lane developed on September 13 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico. It moved northwestward, parallel to the coast of Mexico, and steadily intensified in an area conducive to further strengthening. After turning to the northeast, Lane attained peak winds of , and made landfall in the state of Sinaloa at peak strength. It rapidly weakened and dissipated on September 17, and later brought precipitation to southern part of the U.S. state of Texas.
Throughout its path, Lane resulted in four deaths and moderate damage. Damage was heaviest in Sinaloa, where the hurricane made landfall, including reports of severe crop damage. Across Mexico, an estimated 4,320 homes were affected by the hurricane, with about 248,000 people affected. Moderate flooding was reported in Acapulco, resulting in mudslides in some areas. Damage across the country totaled $2.2 billion (2006 MXN), or $206 million (2006 USD, or $218 million in 2010 USD).
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 31, 2006. It moved westward without development, and entered the eastern Pacific Ocean on September 10. An area of convection developed along the wave axis, several hundred miles south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It moved slowly westward and steadily organized. Convection and banding features organized around a developing center, and the system developed into Tropical Depression Thirteen-E on September 13. The system continued to organize and strengthened into Tropical Storm Lane early on September 14 about off the coast of Mexico. Based on a potentially developing anticyclone over the storm and a track over warm water temperatures, the Statistical Hurricane Intensity Prediction Scheme model issued a 46 percent probability for rapid intensification of the storm.
Lane continued to become better organized, with deep convection developing into a central dense overcast and well-defined outflow in the western half of the storm. Late on September 14, an eyewall began to develop a short distance off the Mexican coastline. Lane continued to strengthen as it turned more to the north-northwest, a motion caused due to the storm moving around the western periphery of a mid-level ridge over Mexico. Based on reports from Reconnaissance Aircraft, Lane was upgraded to hurricane status on September 15, about west-northwest of Cabo Corrientes, Jalisco. Subsequently, it quickly strengthened, and by six hours afterward, it attained winds of , becoming a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson scale. Later that day, the wide eye crossed over the Islas Marías. Early on September 16, Lane strengthened into a hurricane, just off the coast of Mexico, becoming the sixth major hurricane of the season.
Hurricane Lane continued to organize with its wide eye, surrounded by very deep convection, and the storm strengthened further to reach peak winds of by midday on September 16. It turned unexpectedly to the northeast, and at 1915 UTC on the September 16, Hurricane Lane made landfall in a sparsely populated region of Sinaloa, southeast of El Dorado. This made Lane the most intense hurricane to strike Mexico since Hurricane Kenna in the 2002 season. The combination of the mountainous terrain of Mexico and increasing west-southwesterly wind shear caused the storm to rapidly weaken, and the storm dissipated on September 17. The remnants of Lane later moved into Texas, United States.
Preparations.
Due to Lane's projected path near the western coast of Mexico, authorities closed ports to small boats in the cities of Acapulco. Just weeks after Hurricane John took a similar path through the area, several tourists voluntarily left their vacations to fly home. Many residents boarded up buildings and bought hurricane supplies in preparation for the storm. Officials also closed schools across the state of Guerrero. In all, 40,400 tourists were evacuated from the Mexican coastline. According to the Secretaría de Gobernación, under which the Mexican Civil Protection Service operates, there were 5.5 million homes and 21 million people in 21 states threatened by the system in all of Mexico. As a result, authorities evacuated about 2,000 people to emergency shelters.
As Lane came closer to the coastline, all the seaports between Michoacán and Sinaloa were closed, and the "Servicio Meteorológico Nacional (Mexico)" (National Meteorological Service, in Spanish) warned the general population about the threat of flooding and landslides. When the hurricane made landfall, the government of the state of Sinaloa issued a state of emergency for the municipalities of Ahome, Guasave, Angostura, Salvador Alvarado, Culiacán, Navolato, Elota, San Ignacio and Mazatlán. The arrival of the hurricane forced the closure of several flights at the Mazatlán International Airport in Mazatlán, Sinaloa.
Prior to entering the area, the U.S. National Weather Service issued a Flood Watch for large portions of Texas due to the remnants of Lane.
Impact.
In Acapulco, the storm produced strong waves and heavy rain, leaving coastal streets with up to of water. The heavy rainfall flooded 200 houses and caused a mudslide, resulting in the death of a seven-year-old boy. Flooding also occurred at the airport in Acapulco, though service was not interrupted. Offshore, strong waves capsized a boat, leaving one person missing. Heavy rainfall in the port of Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán, overflowed a canal, forcing over 500 people to evacuate their homes. of crops were destroyed by Lane in Michoacán. Road and airport damage in Colima totaled to about $30 million (2006 MXN, $2.7 million 2006 USD). In Cajón de Peña, Jalisco, rainfall totaled to . One man died in Pueblos Unidos after being knocked over by strong winds. Throughout Jalisco, 109 people had to evacuate their homes due to landslides and heavy rainfall.
In El Dorado, Sinaloa, near where the storm made landfall, the hurricane washed out away roads and destroyed many flimsy homes. Strong winds knocked down electricity towers, trees, and traffic signs, leaving many without power. In Mazatlán, to the southeast of where Lane moved ashore, the hurricane produced strong winds and heavy rains, causing street flooding and power outages. The threat of the hurricane forced the cancellation of an Independence Day Parade. Between Mazatlán and the state capital, Culiacán, the hurricane destroyed a bridge, leaving dozens of trucks stranded. In Culiacán, one person died when he drove his car into a river, while several streets were flooded from the storm. Throughout Sinaloa, several damaged roads left many communities cut off from the rest of the country. Lane caused severe agricultural damage in the state, possibly reaching as high as $600 million (2006 MXN, $55 million 2006 USD). The hurricane also damaged water treatment facilities and distribution systems in multiple communities, prompting the Secretariat of Health to declare a sanitary alert in Sinaloa. Damage in Sinaloa totaled to around $1.2 billion (2006 MXN), $109.3 million (2006 USD).
Throughout Mexico, Hurricane Lane killed four people. An estimated 4,320 homes were affected by the hurricane, with about 248,000 people affected. Water systems were damaged in nine municipalities, leaving thousands temporarily without water. A total of of roads and highways were damaged to some degree, including some destroyed bridges. In all, the hurricane caused about $2.2 billion (2006 MXN, $203 million 2006 USD) in damage in the country. In the United States, the remnants of Lane brought precipitation to southern Texas.
Aftermath.
By the day after Hurricane Lane made landfall, most of the evacuated people returned to their homes to begin the cleanup process. Some tourists who remained in the area for the storm continued their vacations, while others tried to leave the area. The federal government declared a state of emergency for nine municipalities in Sinaloa, allowing emergency funds to give relief support to the affected population. Helicopters were used to distribute foods and locate cut-off residents. The government set up three temporary shelters in Mazatlán for 360 people and three shelters in Culiacán for about 1,000 affected residents. To prevent the spread of Dengue fever, officials sent epidemiologists to 67 communities, with 18 mobile units and 15 Nebulizer units. By a month after the storm, all roads and highways affected by the hurricane were open for transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="7009624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009624" title="Full Metal Panic Second Raid">
Full Metal Panic Second Raid



</doc>
<doc id="7009630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009630" title="Frank Drews">
Frank Drews

Frank John Drews (May 25, 1916 – April 22, 1972) was a Major League Baseball second baseman who played for the Boston Braves in 1944 and 1945. He stood and weighed 175 lbs.
Drews is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on August 13, 1944 in a road doubleheader against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Forbes Field. His last game for Boston was on August 5, 1945.
He was a typical example of what Mike González termed "good field, no hit." Career totals include 95 games played, a .205 batting average (59-for-288), 29 runs batted in, and 27 runs scored. 41 walks and 1 hit by pitch, however, did push his on-base percentage up to .306. On defense, he had a .967 fielding percentage, which was just above the league average for his era.
Drews died in his hometown of Buffalo, New York at the age of 55 after four weeks hospitalized at Buffalo General Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="7009632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009632" title="Oskar von hutier">
Oskar von hutier



</doc>
<doc id="7009638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009638" title="José Luis Arrieta">
José Luis Arrieta

José Luis Arrieta Lujambio (born 15 June 1971, in San Sebastián) is a retired Spanish professional road racing cyclist. He last rode for UCI ProTour team . He is now a sporting director for , the same franchise for which he rode earlier in his career when it was known as .
Arrieta was a devoted domestique for Miguel Induráin. "L'Équipe" said of him: "He no longer counts the hours, the years, spent with his nose in the wind trying to protect his leader for as long as possible."&lt;ref name="LeQ 7/7/7"&gt;L'Équipe, 7 July 2007&lt;/ref&gt;
Arrieta said: 

</doc>
<doc id="7009671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009671" title="Goto Shimpei">
Goto Shimpei



</doc>
<doc id="7009673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009673" title="Volutidae">
Volutidae

Volutidae, common name volutes, are a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails that range in size from 9 mm to over 500 mm. They are marine gastropod mollusks. Most of the species have no operculum.
Distribution.
This family of sea snails are found mainly in tropical seas, though some species also inhabit the waters of the polar circles.
Description.
The large head has the eyes sessile on the sides below the base of the tentacles. The tentacles are far apart, 
united by a broad veil over the head. The mantle is sometimes greatly developed, covering the sides of the shell. The siphon is recurved, short, with auricles on each side of the base. The foot is very large, partly hiding the shell. There is no operculum.
The shell shows distinct plaits on the columella. The apex of the spire is mamillated. The shells have an elongated aperture in their first whorl and an inner lip characterised by a number of deep plaits.
The family of Volutidae comprises a suite of large shells remarkable for their great beauty and elegance of form. 
The shell of species such as "Melo amphora" can grow as large as 50 cm (19.7 inches) in length.
Volutes are distinguished by their distinctively marked spiral shells (to which the family name refers, "voluta" meaning "scroll" in Latin).
The elaborate decorations of the shells has made them a popular collectors' item, with the imperial volute ("Voluta imperialis") of the Philippines being particularly prized.
Taxonomy.
Subfamilies and tribes.
According to Bail &amp; Poppe (2001) Volutidae can be subdivided into the following subfamilies and tribes:
Genera.
Genera within the Volutidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="7009676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009676" title="Shimpei Gotō">
Shimpei Gotō



</doc>
<doc id="7009679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009679" title="Shimpei Goto">
Shimpei Goto



</doc>
<doc id="7009680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009680" title="Selkirk Recreation Complex">
Selkirk Recreation Complex

The Selkirk Recreation Complex is an indoor ice hockey, figure skating arena and community centre located in Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada.
The city-owned facility, which opened in 1992, features a 2,751-seat arena and 500-person banquet hall. Its primary tenants are the Selkirk Steelers of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, the Selkirk Fishermen of the Keystone Junior Hockey League, the Selkirk Figure Skating Club and Selkirk's minor hockey program.
Major events.
The complex has hosted a number of major International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) events in co-operation with the City of Winnipeg, including select games of the 1999 World Junior Hockey Championships and the 2007 Women's World Hockey Championships.
In December 2001 and January 2002, Selkirk and the neighbouring town of Stonewall co-hosted the World Under-17 Hockey Challenge, an annual international minor hockey tournament organized by Hockey Canada. The United States defeated Canada's Team Pacific to win the gold medal.
In April 2009, Selkirk hosted the Telus Cup, the Canadian national midget hockey championship, with the Winnipeg Thrashers as the host team. The Notre Dame Hounds defeated the Calgary Buffaloes 4–0 in the championship game to win the gold medal, which was broadcast live on TSN.

</doc>
<doc id="7009686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009686" title="Jack Hooper (intelligence officer)">
Jack Hooper (intelligence officer)

Jack Hooper (William John "Jack" Hooper) is the former deputy director of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) who became well known mainly for his role in some of Canada's most sensitive and controversial spy-service scandals, including CSIS's involvement in the case of Maher Arar, a Canadian engineer father of two who was sent to Syria where he was imprisoned without charges and tortured.
Hooper was also involved in the decision making process of sending CSIS officers to Guantanamo Bay's prison to interrogate Omar Khadr, a convicted war criminal detained in Guantanamo at the age of 15.
Career.
Hooper began his career in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) in 1974. Posted to Burnaby, B.C.. He joined the RCMP Security Service in 1981 and was assigned to various counterintelligence and counter-terrorism desks.
Following the Royal Commission of Inquiry into Certain Activities of the RCMP that investigated the RCMP after a number of illegal activities by the RCMP Security Service came to light in the 1970s, the responsibility for national security was removed from the RCMP and assigned to a new civilian agency, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS), established in 1984.
Hooper transferred from the RCMP to CSIS in 1984, when the intelligence service was created from the ruins of the RCMP security service. The RCMP Security Service had by then been discredited after the revelations of improprieties and scandals exposed by the McDonald Commission.
His transfer came after a camera crew caught him turning a protester upside down and "bouncing his head off the asphalt", during a protest at Simon Fraser University where the part-time tactical team officer was studying for his master's degree in Criminology.
He retired from the service in 2007 and went to work for Public Mobile, a telecommunications company.
He was replaced with Luc Portelance, following a long-standing enmity between Hooper and Director Jim Judd.
After finishing University, he worked on an oil rig in the Beaufort Sea.
In 1997, Hooper was tasked to fly to Lima, Peru to bribe Peruvian security agents to protect the Canadian embassy, and also carried out missions in Afghanistan, Uzbekistan and Yemen during his 22-year career in CSIS.
In 2007, as part of the investigation into government foreknowledge of the torture, it was revealed that Hooper had sent an earlier memo on October 10, 2002 that included the reference "I think the United States would like to get Arar to Jordan where they can have their way with him", which was the first conclusive evidence that CSIS, and not just the RCMP, knew that a Canadian was going to be tortured at the request of the United States.
A year later, Hooper contacted the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade to tell them that it was not in Canada's interests to demand that the United States return Maher Arar.
In May 2006, he raised controversy when he admitted that CSIS was unable to screen more than 90% of immigrant applicants from Pakistan and Afghanistan, which he said "may be inadequate".
Death.
He died on November 12, 2010, of a heart attack. He was 57.
One of the expressions he seemed to like had a special reference to "the big dogs" . He used to say: "If you’re going to run with the big dogs, you better learn to piss in the high grass."

</doc>
<doc id="7009690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009690" title="Sony Ericcson Open">
Sony Ericcson Open



</doc>
<doc id="7009707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009707" title="Sultan Basha al-Atrash">
Sultan Basha al-Atrash



</doc>
<doc id="7009711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009711" title="Pro Evolution Soccer 6">
Pro Evolution Soccer 6

Pro Evolution Soccer 6, known as Winning Eleven: Pro Evolution Soccer 2007 in the United States, is a video game developed and published by Konami. Released in 2006 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows platforms and following on the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable afterward, "Pro Evolution Soccer 6" is the 6th edition of the "Pro Evolution Soccer" series for the PlayStation 2, 2nd for the PlayStation Portable and 4th for Microsoft Windows. It is the first game to debut on the Nintendo DS and the Xbox 360. The Xbox 360 version features improved graphics, but retains gameplay similar to the other console versions. The edit mode has been stripped down for the Xbox 360 release, due to time restrictions. The graphics engine on the PC does not utilise the next-gen 360 engine but is once more a direct conversion of the PlayStation 2 engine.
As with previous versions, the game features an edit mode allowing the player to edit certain elements of the game. A Bundesliga license was supposed to be a feature of the game for Pro Evolution Soccer Installment, but Konami were forced to remove the teams, which means the Bundesliga is not present in "PES6", not even as a series of unlicensed teams, with the exception of FC Bayern Munich who were fully licensed with the omission of their shirt sponsor . From then on, no further games featured the Bundesliga, with the participation of German teams restricted to a few of its teams appearing in separate blocks (like the UEFA Champions League teams without their own league). It is also the last "Pro Evolution Soccer" game to use a sequel number moniker, being replaced with the year featuring in the title from then on. Also it was the first installment released with "Pro Evolution Soccer" name on North America.
"PES 6" was succeeded by "Pro Evolution Soccer 2008". The Japanese release of PS2 and PSP features both Zico and Shunsuke Nakamura, with the DS release features chibi version of Nakamura, and the Xbox release (known as Winning Eleven X) features Adriano.
New features.
International Challenge Mode.
"PES6" marks the first time the International Challenge Mode has been included on the PES Series. Usually this is seen on the Japanese version — "Winning Eleven" — where you play as Japan and take them through the qualifiers of the International Cup and then attempt to win it, under the name "Nippon Challenge". In "PES6", however, you have the ability to choose most playable nations on the game, while each zone also has teams that are unavailable for play in any mode. The user can only play the qualifiers from Europe, North/Central America or South America (with the Asian qualifiers available in "Winning Eleven 10"), and can perform national call-ups between rounds. Although the tournament is not licensed, the qualifiers have a lot of similarities to the FIFA World Cup qualification process, albeit following abridged formats:
The International Challenge mode is only available in the PlayStation 2 and PC versions of "PES6". The Xbox 360 and PSP versions do not include this mode.
Game Modes.
Random Selection Match.
Also new to "PES6" is the Random Selection Match. In this mode, the user can pick up to either four clubs/nations or one region/league. Once selected, the computer picks a random selection of players from the teams or region for the player's squad. The lineup is selected automatically, although players can choose to let the computer to pick another random selection.
This was not included in the PSP and Xbox 360 version, presumably because of time restrictions.
Network.
Groups have been introduced on the PES Network. A player can join/create a group that can gain points by playing together. Groups can play each other in rival matches. If a player creates a group, they manage who's in and who's out, the team name, and who else can allow others to join and matches. A player can join a group by applying to join or accepting an invitation from another player. If the leader accepts, they are in the group. Only ten are allowed in one group at first, but there can potentially be 30 in a group at one time. Groups can reach levels with the highest level to progress to is Level 14. When you achieve higher levels, you will unlock different costumes (penguin, dinosaur, and ostrich) and classic national teams. Also, you can achieve extra member spaces in your group when you go up in level.
The Network capabilities have since been relinquished.
Licenses.
Ligue 1 was licensed for the first time in the series. The game also included several fully-licensed national teams that participated at the 2006 FIFA World Cup. 
Platform differences.
Though the Xbox 360 version lacks dressing, it is the only version with a fully analogue Manual Pass feature, as well as much more sophisticated ball physics compared to the PS2 version and can therefore be argued to be the ultimate version in terms of gameplay as well as an online community that continues to have matches available all of the time. Even to this very day several years after the release of Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 and onward, Pro Evolution Soccer 6 marks the point where the series underwent significant changes to the gameplay that remain in the series to this day.
Reception.
In Japan, the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable versions sold 1,292,472 units in 2006. In Europe, over units were shipped in its launch weekend. The PlayStation 2 version of "Pro Evolution Soccer 6" received a "Double Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 600,000 copies in the United Kingdom. ELSPA gave the game's Xbox 360 release a "Platinum" certification, for sales of at least 300,000 copies in the region.
The game was met with positive to mixed reception. For the U.S. port, GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 86.31% and 86 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 85.80% for the PC version; 81.36% and 82 out of 100 for the PSP version; 79.13% and 80 out of 100 for the Xbox 360 version; and 64% and 64 out of 100 for the DS version. For the European port, Metacritic gave it a score of 89 out of 100 for the PS2 version; 88 out of 100 for the PC version; 81 out of 100 for the PSP version; 79 out of 100 for the X360 version; and 63 out of 100 for the DS version.
The PS2 version got a perfect 10/10 score in "Official UK PlayStation 2 Magazine", which beat "FIFA 07" (9/10 in the same magazine). However, the PSP version of the game ranked beneath the "FIFA 07" PSP version due to slow loading times and an incomplete editor. "Hyper"'s Eliot Fish commended the game for its "tighter dribbling [and] refined Master League" but criticised it for its commentary.
"The Times" gave the PS2, PC, and X360 versions a score of all five stars and stated that "you can make a sliding tackle and come up with the ball, and the AI has been greatly improved. The passing and shooting have been made harder to master and the players’ movement off the ball is better." In "The Sydney Morning Herald", Fish gave the X360 version a score of four-and-a-half stars out of five and stated, "Owners of an Xbox 360 have a right to feel a little miffed that their version isn't identical to the PS2 but "Pro Evo 6" is still top of the table." However, George Mathis of "Detroit Free Press" gave the same version a score of three stars out of four and said, "Unlike the PS2 version, team and player names cannot be changed. This is a problem because many of the world's most famous teams and players are not licensed, meaning you'll be stuck playing generic teams such as the London Soccer Club."

</doc>
<doc id="7009723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009723" title="National Birth Control League">
National Birth Control League

The National Birth Control League was a United States organization founded in the early 20th century to promote sex education, the use of means and methods to prevent conception, to lobby for a change in legislation making this illegal, and to bring up courtcases with the aim to change jurisprudence, enabling birth control.
It was founded in March 1915 by Mary Dennett, Jessie Ashley, Clara Gruening Stillman and Margaret Sanger, to improve birth control education and to change laws that prohibited access to information about how to prevent conception. It published birth control literature, drafted federal legislation concepts, and held conferences at its Fifth Avenue headquarters. Its activities were published in the "Birth Control Review".
A committee was formed of 100 women to support the birth control activism work of Margaret Sanger. On the whole, though, the organization was subtler than Sanger in approach. It targeted much of its activities towards conservative and wealthy individuals. It eschewed membership of extremists, like Emma Goldman, and it particularly sought to spotlight the "scientific" aspects of birth control in an era when the topic sex education was considered obscene and the promotion of means to prevent conception illegal. Parents in 24 states were not allowed to discuss contraception with their married children.
In 1919, Mary Dennett pushed for a birth control bill in the New York legislature, which failed. As a result, the National Birth Control League was dismantled. Dennett immediately formed a new organization, the Voluntary Parenthood League, while Sanger was in Europe. Her sole purpose was to revise federal obscenity-focused legislation and jurisprudence to exclude birth control, rather than tackle the issue on a state-by-state basis.
The organization's successor was the American Birth Control League, founded by Margaret Sanger "to enlighten and educate all sections of the American public in the various aspects of the dangers of uncontrolled procreation and the imperative necessity of a world program of Birth Control." The organization had links to the eugenics -, immigration restriction - and social hygiene movements. The American Birth Control League later, in 1942, became Planned Parenthood.

</doc>
<doc id="7009738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009738" title="Gott ist tot">
Gott ist tot



</doc>
<doc id="7009744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009744" title="Peter P. Smith">
Peter P. Smith



</doc>
<doc id="7009756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009756" title="Joe Mack (first baseman)">
Joe Mack (first baseman)

Joseph John Mack ( Maciarz, January 4, 1912 – December 19, 1998) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman who played for the Boston Braves in 1945. The 33-year-old rookie was a native of Chicago.
Mack is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on April 17, 1945 (Opening Day) against the New York Giants at Braves Field. He was Boston's regular first baseman until the July 4, when he played in his last big league game.
Season and career totals include 66 games played, a .231 batting average (60-for-260), 3 home runs, 44 runs batted in, and 30 runs scored. He made 6 errors in 65 games at first base and had a fielding percentage of .991.

</doc>
<doc id="7009763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009763" title="FC Kremin Kremenchuk">
FC Kremin Kremenchuk

Football Club Kremin Kremenchuk (; ) is a professional football club based in Kremenchuk, Ukraine. The current club is administered by the city of Kremenchuk and was established in 2003, but it traces its heritage to the previously existing clubs of 1959–1970 and 1985–2001.
History.
After the World War II and until 1960, the main football team in Kremenchuk was Vahonobudivnyk Kremenchuk which represented the local railcar factory. In 1963, another Kremenchuk team which represented road equipment manufacturer became the first club from Kremenchuk that obtained the professional status (team of masters). The team played under the name of Dnipro. The club only played for six seasons in the Soviet lower leagues before it was dissolved. During that time the team was coached by Borys Usenko. In 1970, the club has folded.
In 1985, the club was reestablished when Naftovyk Kremenchuk was merged with SC KrAZ Kremenchuk. Naftovyk Kremenchuk was sponsored by the Kremenchuk Oil Refinery, while SC KrAZ Kremenchuk was a sports club of the Ukrainian truck builder AutoKrAZ. The new club under the name Kremin has won the Soviet amateur football competition in 1988 which was taking place in Kryvyi Rih and the next year entered the Soviet Second League competitions. After Kremin was admitted to the All-Union level, at republican level Kremenchuk was represented by Naftovyk Kremenchuk.
After fall of the Soviet Union, from 1992 to 1997, Kremin has played in the Ukrainian Premier League. The club was granted with opportunity to participate in the top tier for being one of the top 9 (of 11) Ukrainian teams from the West Zone of the Soviet Second League in 1991. After being relegated in 1997, Kremin spent the next two seasons after that in Ukrainian First League and was demoted further to Ukrainian Second League in 1999. Soon after that the club folded and ceased to exist.
Soon after liquidation of the club, in 2003 the city council adopted a decision to revive similar club financed from a local budget. Since the 2005–06 season, the city's club has taken part in the Ukrainian Second League replacing another team Vorskla-2 Poltava. 
Before the start of the 2020–21 season, MFC Kremin Kremenchuk changed its name to FC Kremin Kremenchuk.
Kremin Kremenchuk's best achievement in the Ukrainian Premier League was 9th place (twice, in 1992–93 and 1995–96), while reaching the semi-finals in the Ukrainian National Cup in 1996.
Crest and colours.
Home colors are blue shirts, blue shorts, and blue socks.
Away uniforms are white shirts, white shorts, and white socks.
The team kits are produced by Puma AG and the shirt sponsor is Kremenchukmyaso.
Since the club's foundation, Kremin has had five main crests.
Stadium.
From its inception the team played at the Polytechnic Stadium, however, that stadium has fallen into disrepair, and after one season of play at Yunist Stadium in Komsomolsk, the team have moved into their brand new stadium. City officials built FC Kremin Stadium which has covered stands for 1500 spectators and artificial pitch surface.
League and cup history.
Dnipro (1959–1970).
The club was named Torpedo for the 1959 season. Dnipro was sponsored by the Kremenchuk Factory of Road Equipment "Kredmash". Since 1963, it participated at the professional level.
Kremin (1985–2001).
The club was created out of the team of Kremenchuk Oil Refinery Plant, FC Naftovyk Kremin and SC KrAZ, sponsored by the AutoKrAZ.
MFC Kremin (2003–2020).
On 23 October 2003, the Kremenchuk city council created a city football team MFC Kremin Kremenchuk.

</doc>
<doc id="7009772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009772" title="Battle Of Alberta">
Battle Of Alberta



</doc>
<doc id="7009775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009775" title="Lenin Hills">
Lenin Hills



</doc>
<doc id="7009798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009798" title="Sammallahdenmäki">
Sammallahdenmäki

Sammallahdenmäki is a Bronze Age burial site in Finland near Rauma, in the region of Satakunta. The site includes 33 granite burial cairns dating back more than 3,000 years, to 1500 to 500 BC. Sammallahdenmäki is one of the largest, most complete, and most important Bronze Age sites in Fennoscandia, and was designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 1999.
Description.
The burial site is located on a long ridge in a remote area off the road between Tampere and Rauma. The 33 burial cairns making up the site are arranged into distinct clusters along the crest of the ridge. Each cairn was constructed from granite boulders quarried from the cliff face below the ridge or collected on site, in typical Bronze Age fashion. Of the 33 cairns, 28 are dated to the early Bronze Age, and the rest to the early Iron Age. Several different shapes and sizes of these cairns exist at the site. Two unusual cairns are the "Huilun pitkä raunio" ("long ruin of Huilu"), which is surrounded by an ancient stone wall, and the "Kirkonlaattia" ("Church Floor"), an unusual rectangular cairn covering 16 x 19 metres with a flat top. The "Church Floor" cairn is the only one of its type found in Scandinavia.
The Sammallahdenmäki cairns were originally built to have a scenic view of the coast and the Gulf of Bothnia (a hallmark of early Bronze Age burial mounds), but over time, uplift has occurred and the ocean is no longer visible. The cairns may relate to rituals of sun worship, a religion that spread across Scandinavia during the Bronze Age, and demonstrates kin group land ownership, which is associated with the advent of farming.
Discovery and Excavation.
The stone cairns were first mentioned in a catalogue of ancient sites in 1878, along with a vague description of an excavation (of which no details survive). Four of the cairns were excavated by archaeologist Volter Högman in 1891, including "Huilun pitkä raunio" and "Kirkonlaattia". Of the 8 cairns that have been excavated, 6 of them date to the Bronze Age and 2 to the early Iron Age.

</doc>
<doc id="7009803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009803" title="Stupid invaders">
Stupid invaders



</doc>
<doc id="7009810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009810" title="Pequea Valley School District">
Pequea Valley School District

The Pequea Valley School District is a school district of 1,589 students educated in 4 schools by 127 teachers in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is a member of Lancaster-Lebanon Intermediate Unit (IU) 13.
District Schools.
Paradise Elementary School.
Paradise Elementary School in Paradise, Pennsylvania is a K-6 facility in the Pequea Valley School District. In 2009, a new building was constructed adjacent to the old building. This new facility has features specifically added to try to limit resource consumption, such as auto-dimming lights and water fountains that use collected rainwater. Recently however, there have been talks of a new building project that would increase the number of classrooms to accommodate the many new students in the area.
Salisbury Elementary School.
Salisbury Elementary School is a K-6 facility in the Pequea Valley School District. It houses around 360 students. Attendance at Salisbury Elementary School in Gap, Pennsylvania during the 2005–2006 school year was 96.11%, essentially the same as the 96.04% scored in the prior year. Students were 81.8% proficient in math, 72.9% proficient in reading.
Pequea Valley Intermediate School.
The PV Intermediate school is a facility for 7-8 grade students. There is approximately 255 attending. Attendance at Pequea Valley Intermediate School in Kinzers, Pennsylvania during the 2005–2006 school year was 96.10%, essentially the same as the 95.54% scored in the prior year. Students were 71.1% proficient in math, 69.5% proficient in reading.
Pequea Valley High School.
Attendance at Pequea Valley High School in Kinzers, Pennsylvania during the 2005–2006 school year was 92.91%, somewhat higher than the 87.97% scored in the prior year. Students were 57.1% proficient in math, 73.4% proficient in reading.
There are plans to retire both the intermediate school building and senior high school building for a new school building in their place, housing grades 7–12. The building is expected to be finished by 2025.
Sports.
Pequea Valley High School's Varsity soccer team holds the 2012 State Championship title.

</doc>
<doc id="7009819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009819" title="Recemundus">
Recemundus

Recemundus (Arabic: "Rabi ibn Sid al-Usquf" or "Rabi ibn Zaid", Castilian: "Recemundo") was the Mozarabic bishop of Elvira and secretary of the caliph of Córdoba in the mid-10th century. 
In 953, following a spate of undiplomatic letters between the two rulers, he served as ambassador for Abd al-Rahman III to German King (and future Holy Roman Emperor) Otto I. In Germany, he successfully normalised relations between the nominal rulers of Christendom and Islam(dom). It was while in Germany (956) that he met Liutprand of Cremona, the Italian bishop and diplomat, and convinced him to write a history of the times. The "Antapodosis" was dedicated to Recemundus. 
Upon his return to Spain, he was rewarded with the vacant see of Elvira. He continued his work as an ambassador to Christendom, going to the other European emperor in Constantinople, and then to Jerusalem, the holiest city in the three great monotheistic faiths (Christianity, Islam, and Judaism). 
In 961, Recemundus presented an Arabic calendar of Christian holidays (including some commemorating the Martyrs of Córdoba) to the new caliph, al-Hakam II.

</doc>
<doc id="7009826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009826" title="Captain Underpants books">
Captain Underpants books



</doc>
<doc id="7009866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009866" title="Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Giga Tyrannosauras-Rex">
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Giga Tyrannosauras-Rex



</doc>
<doc id="7009881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009881" title="Mayall">
Mayall

Mayall may refer to:
People with the surname Mayall:

</doc>
<doc id="7009888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009888" title="FC Naftovyk Okhtyrka">
FC Naftovyk Okhtyrka

Football Club Naftovyk Okhtyrka is a Ukrainian amateur football club based in Okhtyrka, Sumy Oblast, where it was founded in 1980. The name of the club means "oiler" in Ukrainian. Ukrnafta company owned the club between 2004 and 2018. The club was dissolved in July 2018, but refounded again in 2020.
History.
Naftovyk Okhtyrka was created as a team of the Oil and Gaz administration "Okhtyrkanaftogaz" (today part of Ukrnafta) in 1980.
Naftovyk Okhtyrka took part in the first Ukrainian Premier League season in 1992, after being initially chosen to participate for being the Ukrainian SSR Champion in 1991 (Note: republican level championships were part of Soviet Second League B). Naftovyk Okhtyrka took 8th place in its group that season and was demoted to the Persha Liha as a result. Since 2004 the club has been called FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka due to sponsorship from Ukrnafta. The club's crest carries the Okhtyrka city coat of arms. During the 2007–08 season, FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka finished 15th in the Ukrainian Premier League and was relegated back to Persha Liha and will play there during the 2008–09 season.
Stadium.
Its home stadium, Naftovyk, has a capacity of 10,500. Also, it plays its home games in Sumy at the stadium, Yuvileinyi (Jubilee), which used to belong to Spartak as its home ground does not meet the required criteria for the Premier League and the European competitions. The club is planning to upgrade its stadium shortly.
Reserves.
The club has its reserve team, Naftovyk-2, that competes at Sumy Oblast football competitions and sometimes in Ukrainian amateur football competitions. In 1999, Naftovyk-2 made its debut in Ukrainian amateur football competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="7009889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009889" title="Sheree Winton">
Sheree Winton

Shirley June "Sheree" Winton ("née" Patrick; 4 November 1935 – 29 May 1976) was an English actress, and the mother of television presenter Dale Winton.
Early life.
Winton was born on 4 November 1935 in Sheffield, England.
Career.
Winton was often referred to as "the English Jayne Mansfield" and appeared in many films and television shows throughout her career. Her film appearances included "The Devil's Disciple" (1959), "Dentist in the Chair" (1960), "The Road to Hong Kong" (1962) and "Rhubarb" (1969). She was also known for her TV show appearances with Frankie Howerd and Terry-Thomas.
She was chosen Queen for a Day by the Oldham Charity Carnival in 1957. Among her film and TV appearances, she played herself in the series "That Was the Week That Was" (1962–1963) and "Kindly Leave the Stage" (1968). She had an uncredited bit part in the James Bond film "Thunderball" (1965).
Personal life.
She married Gary Winton, a furniture salesman, in 1954, and converted to her husband's Jewish faith; they were divorced in 1965, and he died in 1968. She was the mother of television presenter Dale Winton. She died by suicide in 1976 by taking a barbiturate overdose after a lifelong battle with clinical depression. She was found by her son Dale, and a "do not disturb" sign was outside her bedroom door.

</doc>
<doc id="7009893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009893" title="Criminal Conspiracy">
Criminal Conspiracy



</doc>
<doc id="7009899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009899" title="Chickahominy tribe">
Chickahominy tribe



</doc>
<doc id="7009900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009900" title="The Man With the Power">
The Man With the Power



</doc>
<doc id="7009901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009901" title="John Whynot">
John Whynot

John Whynot (born April 4, 1959) is a Canadian musician, producer, engineer, film score mixer and composer. Originally based in Toronto, since 1989 he has resided in Los Angeles.
He has worked with a wide variety of artists including Bruce Cockburn, Blue Rodeo, Lucinda Williams, Kathleen Edwards. Colin James, Change of Heart, Loreena McKennitt, Big Wreck, The Pukka Orchestra and Jim Cuddy.
He has also recorded and mixed many notable film scores, including "Last of the Mohicans", which won an Academy Award for sound in 1993, ', ', "Ronin" and "Stigmata". As a composer he has several film score credits, including "You Got Nothin"' and "Sleep Murder".

</doc>
<doc id="7009904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009904" title="Laura Spelman Rockefeller">
Laura Spelman Rockefeller

Laura Celestia "Cettie" Spelman Rockefeller (September 9, 1839 – March 12, 1915) was an American abolitionist, philanthropist, school teacher, and prominent member of the Rockefeller family. Her husband was Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller. Spelman College in Atlanta and the Laura Spelman Rockefeller Memorial were named for her.
Early life.
Laura Celestia Spelman was born in Wadsworth, Ohio to Puritan descendant Harvey Buell Spelman (1811–1881) and Lucy Henry (1818–1897), Yankees who had moved to Ohio from Massachusetts. Laura's maternal step-grandmother, as well as her two aunts, were members of the Yale family, relatives of inventor Caroline Ardelia Yale. 
Laura's father Harvey was an abolitionist who was active in the Congregationalist Church, the Underground Railroad, and in politics. The Spelmans eventually moved to Cleveland. Laura had an elder adopted sister, Lucy Maria "Lute" Spelman (c. 1837–1920). Laura was the valedictorian of her graduating class at Central High School in Cleveland at the age of 14.
Personal life and career.
In Cleveland, Lute and Laura Spelman met John Davison Rockefeller while attending accounting classes together. He was the eldest son of William Avery "Bill" Rockefeller (1810–1906) and Eliza Davison (1813–1889).
Laura Spelman later attended Oread Institute in Worcester, Massachusetts and planned to become a schoolteacher. After moving to Ohio to teach, she married John Rockefeller in 1864. After the wedding, Spelman remained active in the church (she joined Rockefeller's congregation, the Northern Baptists) and with her family. As the family business, Standard Oil, began to thrive, she further devoted her time to philanthropy and her children.
They were the parents of five children: 
Throughout their lives, the Rockefeller family continued to donate ten percent of their income to charity, including substantial donations to Spelman College, founded to educate Black women. Laura Spelman Rockefeller died on March 12, 1915, at 75 of a heart attack, at the family estate Kykuit in Pocantico Hills, New York near the Hudson River.
Legacy.
John D. Rockefeller established the Laura Spelman Rockefeller Memorial Fund. He donated large amounts to the fund and charitable organizations then shifted his focus to giving to social sciences.
Spelman College was named after Laura Spelman Rockefeller due to her significant financial contribution to the institution. Throughout her life, she was dedicated to social and educational causes, particularly for women and African Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="7009907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009907" title="No Moohyun">
No Moohyun



</doc>
<doc id="7009912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009912" title="No Muhyun">
No Muhyun



</doc>
<doc id="7009915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009915" title="Dumaine Street">
Dumaine Street



</doc>
<doc id="7009920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009920" title="No Mu-hyun">
No Mu-hyun



</doc>
<doc id="7009927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009927" title="No Moo-hyun">
No Moo-hyun



</doc>
<doc id="7009939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009939" title="Rho Muhyun">
Rho Muhyun



</doc>
<doc id="7009950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009950" title="Rho Muhyeon">
Rho Muhyeon



</doc>
<doc id="7009954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009954" title="Yehuda hechasid">
Yehuda hechasid



</doc>
<doc id="7009956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009956" title="Prewar television stations">
Prewar television stations

This is a list of pre-World War II television stations of the 1920s and 1930s. Most of these experimental stations were located in Europe (notably in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, the Netherlands, and Russia), Australia, Canada, and the United States. Some present-day broadcasters trace their origins to these early stations.
All television licenses in the United States were officially "experimental" before July 1941, as the NTSC television standard had yet to be developed, and some American television broadcasters continued operating under experimental licenses as late as 1947, although by then they were using the same technical standards as their commercial brethren.

</doc>
<doc id="7009964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009964" title="Judah hechasid">
Judah hechasid



</doc>
<doc id="7009970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009970" title="Laura Celestia Spelman">
Laura Celestia Spelman



</doc>
<doc id="7009977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009977" title="Laura Rockefeller">
Laura Rockefeller



</doc>
<doc id="7009985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009985" title="Grossmunster">
Grossmunster



</doc>
<doc id="7009992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7009992" title="Traditional counties of England">
Traditional counties of England



</doc>
<doc id="7010002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010002" title="Laura Spelman">
Laura Spelman



</doc>
<doc id="7010004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010004" title="SiCl4">
SiCl4



</doc>
<doc id="7010010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010010" title="Muhyeon Rho">
Muhyeon Rho



</doc>
<doc id="7010019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010019" title="Mu-hyeon Rho">
Mu-hyeon Rho



</doc>
<doc id="7010026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010026" title="Broken &amp; Beautiful (Kate Alexa album)">
Broken &amp; Beautiful (Kate Alexa album)

Broken &amp; Beautiful is the first studio album by Australian singer Kate Alexa, released in Australia on 25 September 2006 by Liberation Music. The album has a main genre of pop rock songs, all of which besides the title track "Broken &amp; Beautiful" were co-written by Alexa herself. She states she chose the title "Broken &amp; Beautiful" because "We all make mistakes, and we all have flaws. We're delicate and we're vulnerable. But we're still beautiful on the inside." "The album definitely my life and journey over the past few years. It's my story and it's all true" she states. The album yielded five singles: "Always There", "My Day Will Come", "All I Hear", "Somebody Out There" and "Better than You".
Album information.
Two years were spent recording the album, from 2004 to 2006, while Alexa was still at school, working with producers such as Charles Fisher and Pete Dacy and songwriters like Jim Marr and Wendy Page, Charlie Midnight and Matthew Gerrard. Regarding the making of the album Alexa said "I was juggling school and writing and songwriting trips for a while. I'm a bit of a perfectionist and I didn't want to release anything until I loved it. So it took a while.", also saying "When I write a song, I'm not just sitting down and saying 'OK, I'm going to write a song now', it's all about what I'm feeling at the time"
She co-wrote every single of the album's tracks besides the title track, which was suggested for her to record by John Kalodner after having heard some of her songs while she was in LA recording the album.
Alexa helped with promoting the album by touring with artists such as the Backstreet Boys and Jesse McCartney in early 2006, and also traveling to many schools around the country leading up to the album's release. In April 2008, "Broken &amp; Beautiful" was released in Japan through Mia Records and featured a new track called "Walk On" and an acoustic version of "Always There".
Critical reception.
The critical reception of the album consisted of mixed reviews, a negative one by Kenneth Nguyen from "The Age", stating the album "comes across as a little too old-fashioned, a little too polite, a little – may I say it? – too Hilary Duff."
Chart performance and singles.
On 1 October 2006, the album entered the Australian ARIA Albums Chart at number sixty-four. The following weeks it peaked at number seventy-two then number ninety, only spending three weeks on the chart. It also peaked at number eighteen on the Australian Artists Chart and number-one on the Hitseekers Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="7010027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010027" title="Moo-hyeon Rho">
Moo-hyeon Rho



</doc>
<doc id="7010029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010029" title="Stephen S. DeKnight">
Stephen S. DeKnight



</doc>
<doc id="7010051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010051" title="Steven DeKnight">
Steven DeKnight



</doc>
<doc id="7010060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010060" title="Prayer during the day">
Prayer during the day



</doc>
<doc id="7010061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010061" title="Walk Softly, A Dream Lies Here">
Walk Softly, A Dream Lies Here



</doc>
<doc id="7010065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010065" title="Sultan Al-Atrash">
Sultan Al-Atrash



</doc>
<doc id="7010071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010071" title="Antoni Ramallets Simón">
Antoni Ramallets Simón



</doc>
<doc id="7010091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010091" title="Winnetka, illinois">
Winnetka, illinois



</doc>
<doc id="7010106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010106" title="W3XE">
W3XE



</doc>
<doc id="7010123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010123" title="Cholestrol">
Cholestrol



</doc>
<doc id="7010124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010124" title="Vince Shupe">
Vince Shupe

Vincent William Shupe (September 5, 1921 – April 5, 1962) was a professional baseball first baseman who played for the 1945 Boston Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB). Listed at and , he batted and threw left-handed.
Biography.
Shupe's minor league career spanned 1939 to 1950; he did not play professionally for two seasons (1942–1943) during World War II. He appeared in 1153 minor league games, playing for seven different teams, including four seasons in the Pacific Coast League. Primarily a first baseman, he also made nine appearances as a pitcher early in his career, and five appearances in the outfield late in his career.
Shupe is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. His first major league experience was on July 7, 1945, for the Boston Braves against the Pittsburgh Pirates. He played first base regularly for the Braves through the end of the season, taking over from Joe Mack, whose last game had been on July 4. Baseball records list Shupe as appearing in a game earlier in the season, against the Brooklyn Dodgers on June 17; however, that was a suspended game, and he only played in the completion of the game, when it was resumed on August 4. Shupe played in 78 major league games, registering a .269 batting average (76-for-283), 15 RBIs, and no home runs. Defensively, he made eight errors in 703 total chances for a .989 fielding percentage.
Shupe was a native of East Canton, Ohio. At one time, he dated actress Jean Peters. After his professional baseball career, he worked as a petroleum salesman. Shupe died at the age of 40 in Canton, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="7010126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010126" title="Peanut Festival">
Peanut Festival



</doc>
<doc id="7010133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010133" title="Gloydius blomhoffi">
Gloydius blomhoffi



</doc>
<doc id="7010134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010134" title="National Peanut Festival">
National Peanut Festival

The National Peanut Festival (NPF), the United States' largest peanut festival, is held each fall in Dothan, Alabama, to honor peanut growers and to celebrate the harvest season.
Established in 1938, the fairgrounds are located on Highway 231 South, three miles south of the Ross Clark Circle. The festivities include games and amusement rides on a large midway, animal acts, agricultural displays, an outdoor amphitheater with live music concerts by national recording artists, beauty pageants, arts and crafts displays, contests, food and a two-hour parade. The National Peanut festival also sponsors and holds field crop exhibits with prizes awarded to each exhibitor.
The peanut festival also has other competitions, including sewing, cake decorating, photography, who has grown the biggest peanut, cooking, and art. Every year, crowds of people enjoy the festival.
There was no festival between 1942 &amp; 1946. In 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic there was also no festival, instead the carnival who hosted the festival went to the local mall and had some acts and performances.
References.
2. “National Peanut Festival Canceled for 2020” "WTVY News Channel." 

</doc>
<doc id="7010135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010135" title="Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera">
Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera

Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera, at various times also known as Velvet Opera, were a British rock band active in the late 1960s. Members of the band, Richard Hudson, John Ford and Paul Brett, would later become members of The Strawbs, Hudson Ford and Stretch.
History.
The group emerged from a soul/blues band called The Five Proud Walkers. After supporting Pink Floyd on tour, they were inspired to change their approach and become a more psychedelic outfit. The band consolidated as Richard Hudson on drums, John Ford on bass, Colin Forster on lead guitar, Jimmy Horrocks (Horovitz) on organ and flute (who left early in the band's history), and Dave Terry on vocals and harmonica. Initially just calling themselves Velvet Opera, they developed their full name when Terry took to wearing a cape and preacher's hat in the style of the title character in the 1960 film adaptation of Sinclair Lewis' novel "Elmer Gantry".
They started to make club appearances in London, using electronic backing sounds, and secured a record deal with the short-lived Direction Records subsidiary of CBS Records in the UK. Their first recording was the single "Flames" (November 1967), which also appeared on the CBS sampler record "The Rock Machine Turns You On", and was later covered on stage by Led Zeppelin. Further singles and a self-titled album followed, including the track "Mary Jane", which was taken off the BBC playlist after they realised its drug connotations, although the band continued to make regular live appearances on John Peel's Radio 1 programme "Top Gear" and other BBC radio shows. Around this time, Terry, as lead singer of the band, was regularly being approached as "Elmer." The band found this amusing and joined in and the name stuck: Dave Terry became (and remains) Elmer Gantry.
However, the recording success of the band was limited, and Forster left to be replaced by Paul Brett, who had worked with Gantry in ex–Arthur Brown backing band The High Society. When Brett, Hudson and Ford wanted to take the band in a different direction, Elmer Gantry was the next to depart. The band reverted to the name Velvet Opera, took on 12-string guitarist John Joyce, and released a second album, "Ride a Hustler's Dream". This again failed to achieve success, and in 1970 Ford left (to be replaced by Colin Bass), followed by Richard Hudson, both of them joining The Strawbs shortly afterwards. At this point the band dissolved.
In 1971, Forster and Bass formed a new version of Velvet Opera with ex–Tintern Abbey vocalist Dave MacTavish and drummer Mike Fincher. Short-lived, they recorded one single on the Spark Records label.
Meanwhile, Gantry formed The Elmer Gantry Band with ex-members of the Downliners Sect (whose bass player was Paul Martinez, later to also be a member of what became known as The Fake Fleetwood Mac and Stretch). The Gantry band gigged for about 18 months before Gantry joined the cast of "Hair" in order to sit out his contracts. In 1974, at the invitation of Mick Fleetwood and Clifford Davis he agreed, along with musical partner Kirby Gregory of Curved Air, to join Fleetwood Mac for a tour of the US. In the event, Mick Fleetwood never arrived for the start of the tour, which collapsed in litigation with some of the members of Fleetwood Mac. Members of the band later re-formed as Stretch and recorded what has since become a classic track, "Why Did You Do It?", written by Kirby about Mick Fleetwood's actions around the "Fake Mac" saga. Stretch recorded three studio albums, "Elastique", "You Can't Beat Your Brain For Entertainment" and "Life Blood". Later, Gantry recorded with The Alan Parsons Project and sang lead vocals on the tracks "May Be a Price to Pay" on "The Turn of a Friendly Card" and "Psychobabble" on "Eye in the Sky". He also provided lead vocals for Cozy Powell's solo album "Tilt" and sang and wrote for Jon Lord's solo album "Before I Forget". More recently, Stretch released the John Peel BBC Sessions and a newly recorded album, "Unfinished Business".

</doc>
<doc id="7010137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010137" title="Target Approval and Review Committee">
Target Approval and Review Committee

A branch of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS), the Target Approval and Review Committee (TARC) grants or denies the ability to put a suspect or group under surveillance and open a clandestine investigation. It is chaired by the Director of CSIS (currently David Vigneault), senior CSIS officers and representatives from the Department of Justice and Deputy Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness.
In March 1991, TARC amended their previous regulations, and included a requirement that the Solicitor General must be consulted before allowing any investigation.
"The range of investigative techniques to be deployed under this authorization will be subject to consultation with the Minister."
From this point on, the Service was required to send an aide-mémoire to the Solicitor General - prior to implementing the TARC Certificate.
Levels of investigation.
There are three levels of possible allowance. 
Similar arms of CSIS.
The Warrant Review Committee is made up of the same members as TARC, but includes the addition of an independent counsel - and is designed to defend warrant applications before the Federal Court of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="7010143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010143" title="Flight Simulator 10">
Flight Simulator 10



</doc>
<doc id="7010149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010149" title="Ma Hongkui">
Ma Hongkui

Ma Hongkui (, 
Xiao'erjing: ; March 14, 1892 – January 14, 1970) was a prominent Chinese Muslim warlord during the Republic of China era, ruling the province of Ningxia. His rank was lieutenant general. His courtesy name was Shao-yun (少雲). In 1950, Hongkui migrated to the United States, where he lived until he died in 1970.
He was considered by some sources to be among China's best generals.
Life.
Born March 14, 1892, in the village of Hanchiachi, in Linxia County (known as Hezhou), Gansu. The "Who's Who in China" series of books says "Taoho Hsien" (Daohe Xian) is where he was born. His father was Gen. Ma Fuxiang. A Hui, Ma Hongkui graduated from Lanzhou Military Academy (aka Gansu Military Academy) in 1909, and became commander of the Ningxia Modern Army and commander of the 7th Division after the founding of the republic. He was in Beijing until Cao Kun's presidency (1923–24), even though he was the commander of the Ningxia Army.
He was at one point the Ningxia, Shaanxi and Mongolia "Bandit Suppression Commander". Ma became commander of the Gansu "6th Mixed Brigade" in 1916.
During the Second Zhili–Fengtian War Ma Hongkui's army was reorganized into a branch of Feng Yuxiang's Guominjun forces; in 1926 Ma Hongkui was appointed as the commander of the Fourth Route Army of the Guominjun by Feng. He was also a member of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission.
In 1927 he and Feng Yuxiang led their troops to Tongguan, Shaanxi, and fought the Northern Expedition. However, he betrayed Feng and allied with Chiang Kai-shek. During the Central Plains War of 1930, Ma fought for Chiang and was appointed commander of the 64th Division; upon capturing Tai'an, Shandong, he was promoted to commander of the 15th Army. In 1932 he was appointed Governor of Ningxia Province and fought Communist forces in the Shaanxi–Ningxia area for the next several years, up to the all-out Japanese invasion in 1937. During Ma Hongkui's rise to power, he with his cousin Ma Hongbin and warlords Ma Bufang and Ma Buqing were instrumental in helping another warlord, Ma Zhongying, prevail in Gansu because they did not want Ma Zhongying to compete with them in their own turf; they encouraged and supported Ma Zhongying to develop his own power base in other regions such as Gansu and Xinjiang.
In 1933, Chiang Kai-shek attempted to strengthen the Nationalist government and to weaken the Ma clique by ordering the unreliable National Revolutionary Army general Sun Dianying to move his private army to Qinghai's Qaidam Basin, ostensibly to colonize it. In reality, Chiang wanted to undermine the Ma family's rule by introducing another military and political faction into the region; the Ma warlords realized this and forced Chiang to revoke his order. From then on, however, the situation went out of control and Sun Dianying decided to conquer Ningxia on his own to prevent his troops from mutinying. A war for the province consequently broke out in early 1934. Despite initial setbacks Ma Hongkui managed to defeat Sun, also thanks to the support he received from other Ma warlords and the Nationalist government which was officially opposed to Sun by this point.
Second Sino-Japanese War.
During World War II he took over the command of 17th Army Group. He was also the vice-commander of the 8th War Zone.
During the early 1930s Edgar Snow in his book "Red Star Over China" said that the Communist media (who were enemies of Ma Hongkui) claimed that Ma received some weapons from Japan when he was fighting the Communists, and met visiting delegations, but after Japan's invasion of China in 1937 he fought against Japan, supporting the imam Hu Songshan in spreading anti-Japanese propaganda, and sending limited numbers of troops to his cousin Ma Hongbin to fight the Japanese. According to Snow, the Communists claimed Ma had allowed a Japanese military airfield and some personnel in Ningxia, but the airfield was not there after the start of the Sino-Japanese War in 1937, reaffirming his allegiance to China.
When the Japanese asked Gen. Ma Hongkui to defect and become head of a Muslim puppet state under the Japanese, Ma responded through Zhou Baihuang, the Ningxia Secretary of the Nationalist Party, to remind Japanese military chief of staff Gen. Itagaki Seishiro that many of Ma's relatives fought and died in battle against Eight-Nation Alliance forces during the Battle of Peking (1900), including his uncle Ma Fulu, and that Japanese troops made up the majority of the Alliance forces, so there would be no cooperation with the Japanese. In response, Ningxia was bombarded by Japanese warplanes.
Ma Hongkui maintained a sharp watch against Japan during the war. He seized the city of Dingyuanying in Suiyuan and arrested Mongol prince Darijaya (Wade Giles : Ta Wang) in 1938 because a Japanese officer of the Kwantung Army, Doihara Kenji, visited the prince. Darijaya was exiled to Lanzhou until 1944.
In 1940 Ma Hongkui's Muslim troops took part in the Battle of West Suiyuan against Japan and their Mongol puppet state Mengjiang. Because of fierce resistance by Ma Hongkui and Ma Bufang's Muslim cavalry, the Japanese never reached Lanzhou during the war.
Ma Hongkui attacked the Inner Mongol Prince Darijaya and defeated the Mongol banner militia under his command in March 1938, accusing the Prince of collaborating with Japan, arresting him and saying he was "annihilating and extirpating pro-Japanese elements in Alashaa Banner." Ethnic Mongolian guerilla units were created by the Kuomintang Nationalists to fight against the Japanese during the war in the late 30s and early 40s. These Mongol militias were created by the Ejine and Alashaa based commissioner's offices created by the Kuomintang. Prince Demchugdongrob's Mongols were targeted by Kuomintang Mongols to defect to the Republic of China. The Nationalists recruited 1,700 ethnic minority fighters in Inner Mongolia and created war zones in the Tumet Banner, Ulanchab League, and Ordos Yekejuu League.
Chinese Civil War.
After the end of World War II, the Chinese Civil War broke out. Ma Hongkui fought for Chiang against the communists. He was in contact with Kazakh leader Ospan Batyr, who kept him informed of events. Ma and his Muslim army ruled over a non-Muslim majority of about 750,000 people in Ningxia, which did not have the natural defenses of Qinghai.
In March 1948, at Ichuan, Peng Dehuai led Communist forces in launching a surprise attack against Gen. Hu Zongnan's troops, inflicting 20,000 casualties upon them and driving all the way, with 60,000 soldiers, into southern Shanxi province to reach Sichuan. Hu requested immediate help from Ma Hongkui, who was the governor. Ma sent two Muslim cavalry divisions. They defeated the Communist forces at Pao-chi and killed 20,000 of them, expelling the survivors into Gansu.
In 1949, with Communist victory certain, Ma fled to Guangzhou (Canton) and then to Taiwan. The entire Kuomintang defenses were falling apart. Gen. Hu Zongnan ignored President Li Zongren's orders; Ma Hongkui was furious at this and sent a telegram to Li ordering him to submit his resignation from all positions he held. His cousin Ma Hongbin took charge of his positions. Ma Hongkui met with Chiang Kai-shek in Chongqing to plan an attack on the PLA. Ma Hongbin and his son Ma Dunjing (1906–72) were hoodwinked by Communist promises. Ma Dunjing signed a surrender agreement with the PLA, then defected to the Communists. This had a domino effect on other military men in the province, who in turn defected.
Ma fled to Taiwan. Accused of "frustrating the fulfilment of the military plan" by the Control Yuan, because he failed to defeat the Communist forces in his defense area, he moved to San Francisco with the help of Claire Chennault. In December 1950 Ma was in San Francisco. Ma moved to Los Angeles, where he died on January 14, 1970. At a 1951 press conference in the United States, Ma Hongkui urged the country to aid the KMT in Taiwan. Ma became a rancher in the United States and bred horses.
Ma Hongkui had a son, Ma Dunjing, who was also a general and official in his Ningxia government.
Chiang Kai-shek addressed Ma Hongkui as Shao Yun shixiong, which refers to the son of a friend. Chiang was a Sworn brother to Ma Hongkui's father Ma Fuxiang.
Reign over Ningxia.
Ma Hongkui was extremely brutal in his reign, with executions averaging one a day; he started his reign as governor in 1932 by decapitating 300 bandits. The other Muslim governor, Ma Bufang, was reported to be good-humored and jovial in contrast to the brutal reign of Ma Hongkui. He was called a warlord by westerners. Ma Hongkui stood out from the other provincial governors with the degree of his strong rule over Ningxia.
Ma Hongkui, like the president of China, Chiang Kai-shek, was virulently anti-Communist. Whenever Communists turned up in his territory they invariably ended up dead. However, he was also credited with many achievements during his reign. His brutal method of governing managed to stamp out corruption among officials, and he was never pleased with results. He constantly drilled his peasant Muslim army in combat, who were armed mostly with swords, spears and rifles. His standing army consisted of 100,000 troops; counties provided reserves of 10,000 men each. He set the draft age range from 15–55, up from 18–25. The Tibetans and Ma were unfriendly to each other. When the Communists were closing in on him, he found himself at risk of being trapped between his Tibetan and Communist enemies.
Ma Hongkui's government had a company, Fu Ning Company, which had a monopoly over commerce and industry in Ningxia. His house in Yinchuan was a tourist attraction.
Diabetes.
Gen. Ma Hongkui suffered from severe diabetes attacks, and in 1949 they became so bad that he was not expected to recover. Despite his diabetes he frequently ate ice cream.
Martial arts.
Ma personally wielded Dadao swords in combat and during training with his troops.
His soldiers' battle cry was "Sha!", which means "kill!" in Chinese. Another one of his hobbies was Chinese calligraphy.
Islamic education.
Ma promoted Islamic education. The Yihewani Imam Hu Songshan and Ma cooperated in founding several Sino-Arabic schools in Ningxia to promote Chinese- and Arabic-language Islamic education for Chinese Muslims in the 1930s and 1940s. Hu Songshan became head of the Ningxia Private Sino-Arabic College at Dongdasi Mosque, which was founded by Ma in Yinchuan, the capital of Ningxia province, in 1932. Students flocked to it from provinces across China after it became a public institution in the following year. Ten days prior to the end of Ramadan in 1935, Ma arranged for Chinese New Year celebrations. Hu Songshan pronounced takfir upon Ma for this, while delivering an aggressive and fierce sermon in public. Ma then sacked Hu from his position and exiled him. Hu received clemency from Ma and was sent to head the Sino-Arabic Normal School in Wuzhong in 1938.
Family.
Ma Hongkui's grandfather was Ma Qianling, his father was Ma Fuxiang, his uncles were Ma Fushou, Ma Fulu and Ma Fucai, his cousin was Ma Hongbin, and he had six wives and several children. His sixth wife, with whom he was the closest, cared for him until his death. She arranged the building of the cemetery plot in Taipei where he is buried along with his eldest son and his fourth wife.
Ma Hongkui's mother was Ma Tsai (te). He married his first wife, Liu Chieh-cheng, in 1914. As of 1948 he had three children. His mother died in 1948.
Three of his sons were generals: Ma Dunhou (Ma Tung-hou 馬敦厚), Ma Dunjing (1910–2003) (馬敦靜) and Ma Dunren (馬敦仁) in order from eldest to youngest. He also had a nephew, Ma Dunjing (1906–1972) (馬敦靖). Ma and his grandson were involved in a custody dispute in 1962 over the grandson's daughter, who was Ma's great-granddaughter named Mi Mi Ma, who was 13 years old. He was 70 at the time and was hospitalized. The dispute was taken to court in San Bernardino, California.
Artifacts possessed by Ma Hongkui.
A number of Chinese artifacts dating from the Tang dynasty and Song dynasty, some of which had been owned by Emperor Zhenzong, were excavated and came into the hands of Ma Hongkui, who refused to publicize the findings. Among the artifacts were a white marble tablet from the Tang dynasty, gold nails and bands made out of metal. It was not until 1971, after Ma died, that his wife went to Taiwan to bring the artifacts to Chiang Kai-shek, who handed them to the Taipei National Palace Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="7010166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010166" title="Thamusemeant">
Thamusemeant



</doc>
<doc id="7010169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010169" title="Thamusement">
Thamusement



</doc>
<doc id="7010170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010170" title="MacacaGate">
MacacaGate



</doc>
<doc id="7010185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010185" title="Masonic Temple (Detroit)">
Masonic Temple (Detroit)



</doc>
<doc id="7010190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010190" title="Isopogon dawsonii">
Isopogon dawsonii

Isopogon dawsonii, commonly known as the Nepean conebush, is a shrub of the family Proteaceae and is endemic eastern to New South Wales. It has pinnate leaves with narrow segments and spherical heads of creamy yellow to greyish white flowers.
Description.
"Isopogon dawsonii" grows as an upright shrub, its height usually ranging between but can grow to . The branches are reddish brown, the branchlets and leaves covered with greyish hairs when young. The leaves are pinnate, long on a petiole up to long, with segments wide. The flowers are arranged in more or less spherical, sessile heads long in diameter with overlapping egg-shaped involucral bracts at the base. The flowers are long, creamy yellow to greyish white and densely hairy. Flowering occurs in spring and the fruit is a hairy oval nut long, fused with others in a spherical cone in diameter.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Isopogon dawsonii" was first formally described in 1895 by R.T. Baker in "Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales" from an unpublished manuscript by Ferdinand von Mueller. The specific epithet ("dawsonii") honours James Dawson of Rylstone.
Distribution and habitat.
Nepean conebush occurs naturally on sandstone slopes and near cliff edges in heathland and dry sclerophyll forest in the valleys of the Goulburn and Nepean Rivers, on the Central Coast, the Central Tablelands and the Western Slopes down to Lithgow.
Use in horticulture.
This isopogon can be grown from seed or from cuttings of firm new growth. It will grow in a range of conditions and is drought and frost hardy. It has been used as rootstock for some Western Australian species of isopogon.

</doc>
<doc id="7010196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010196" title="Storm riders">
Storm riders



</doc>
<doc id="7010201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010201" title="Japanese keelback">
Japanese keelback

The Japanese keelback (Hebius vibakari), sometimes called the ringed snake or water snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to Asia. It was first described in 1826 by Heinrich Boie as "Tropidonotus vibakari".
Geographic range.
It is found in northeastern China, Japan (Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku), Korea, and Russia (Amur Oblast, Khabarovsk Krai, Primorsky Krai).
Description.
It is a small snake, growing to a maximum total length of , with a tail long.
Dorsally it is olive or reddish brown, with small blackish spots. Some specimens may have a dark olive or blackish vertebral stripe. The upper labials are yellow, with black sutures. On each side of the nape of the neck there is a yellow dark-edged diagonal streak, these two streaks converging posteriorly. Ventrally it is yellow, with a series of brown dots or short lines at the outer ends of the ventral scales.
Dorsal scales strongly keeled (except outer row), arranged in 19 rows at midbody. Ventrals 127–151; anal plate divided; subcaudals divided 59–79.

</doc>
<doc id="7010206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010206" title="Practice of the Wheel of Law">
Practice of the Wheel of Law



</doc>
<doc id="7010215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010215" title="Tom Creavy">
Tom Creavy

Thomas Daniel Creavy (February 3, 1911 – March 3, 1979) was an American professional golfer, the winner of the PGA Championship in 1931.
Early life.
Creavy was born in Tuckahoe, New York. He learned the game as a caddie at Siwanoy Country Club. 
Professional career.
In the late 1920s, Creavy turned professional. He was the club professional at the Albany Country Club and Saratoga Spa. He won the PGA Championship at age 20 in 1931 at Wannamoisett Country Club in Rumford, Rhode Island, defeating Gene Sarazen 5 &amp; 3 in the semifinals and Denny Shute 2 &amp; 1 in the finals. Creavy played in 11 major championships, including the inaugural Masters in 1934. He had an outstanding short game, but his competitive playing career was hampered by recurring back problems and shortened by spinal meningitis in 1943.
Death.
Creavy died of a heart attack in 1979 at age 68 in Delray Beach, Florida.
Professional wins (4).
PGA Tour wins (4).
Source:
Major championships.
Wins (1).
"Note: The PGA Championship was match play until 1958"
Results timeline.
"Note: Creavy never played in The Open Championship."&lt;br&gt;
NYF = tournament not yet founded&lt;br&gt;
DNQ = did not qualify for match play portion 
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = round in which player lost in PGA Championship match play&lt;br&gt;
"T" indicates a tie for a place

</doc>
<doc id="7010218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010218" title="Sohei">
Sohei



</doc>
<doc id="7010226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010226" title="IL2R">
IL2R



</doc>
<doc id="7010232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010232" title="Or hachayim">
Or hachayim



</doc>
<doc id="7010236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010236" title="Or he-chayim">
Or he-chayim



</doc>
<doc id="7010238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010238" title="Priessnitz">
Priessnitz

Priessnitz or Prießnitz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7010242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010242" title="NTSC-N">
NTSC-N



</doc>
<doc id="7010244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010244" title="WWF Tough Enough (album)">
WWF Tough Enough (album)

WWF Tough Enough is the first 2001 soundtrack compilation album for "WWE Tough Enough", released by DreamWorks Records. The album features songs from various artists of the nu or alternative metal and hard rock music scene from the mid-1990s to early 2000s, with several of the artists being signed to DreamWorks. The album was created as a soundtrack compilation for the show of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="7010261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010261" title="Great Law of the Wheel of Law">
Great Law of the Wheel of Law



</doc>
<doc id="7010262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010262" title="Waterman, Western Australia">
Waterman, Western Australia



</doc>
<doc id="7010263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010263" title="BHCC">
BHCC

The abbreviation BHCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7010266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010266" title="British Speed Hillclimb Championship">
British Speed Hillclimb Championship



</doc>
<doc id="7010283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010283" title="Tom Sheridan (handballer)">
Tom Sheridan (handballer)

Tom Sheridan is a GAA handball player from Ireland who represents his county Meath.

</doc>
<doc id="7010287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010287" title="Ma Bufang">
Ma Bufang

Ma Bufang (1903 – 31 July 1975) (, Xiao'erjing: ) was a prominent Chinese Muslim Ma clique warlord in China during the Republican era, ruling the province of Qinghai. His rank was lieutenant-general.
Life.
Ma Bufang and his older brother Ma Buqing (1901–1977) were born in Monigou Township (漠泥沟乡) in what is today Linxia County, west of Linxia City. Their father Ma Qi (马麒) formed the Ninghai Army in Qinghai in 1915, and received civilian and military posts from the Beiyang Government in Beijing confirming his military and civilian authority there.
His older brother Ma Buqing received a classical Chinese education, while Ma Bufang received education in Islam. Ma Qi originally had Ma Bufang study to become an imam while his older brother Ma Buqing was educated in the military. Ma Bufang studied until he was nineteen and then pursued a military career like his brother. Ma Bufang controlled the Great Dongguan Mosque. Ma was a graduate of the Officers' Training Corps of Qinghai.
Ma Bufang sided with Feng Yuxiang's Guominjun until the Central Plains War, when he switched to the winning side of Chiang Kai-shek. Ma Qi died in 1931 and his power was assumed by his brother Ma Lin (马麟), who was appointed governor of Qinghai.
Ascension to Governorship.
General Ma Lin held the position of civil Governor, while Ma Bufang was military Governor. They feuded with, and disliked each other. Ma Bufang was not admired by people as much as his uncle Ma Lin, whom the people adored.
In 1936, under the order of Chiang Kai-shek, and with the help of Ma Zhongying's remnant force in Gansu, and Ma Hongkui's and Ma Hongbin's force from Ningxia, Ma Bufang and his brother Ma Buqing played an important role in annihilating Zhang Guotao's 21,800 strong force that crossed the Yellow River in an attempt to expand the Communist base. In 1937, Ma Bufang rose with the help of the Kuomintang and forced his uncle Ma Lin to concede his position. At that point Ma Bufang became governor of Qinghai, with military and civilian powers, and remained in that position until the Communist victory in 1949. During Ma Bufang's rise to power, he along with Ma Buqing and cousins Ma Hongkui and Ma Hongbin, were instrumental in helping another cousin, Ma Zhongying, to prevail in Gansu. They did not want Ma Zhongying to compete with them on their own turf, so they encouraged and supported Ma Zhongying in developing his own power base in other regions such as Gansu and Xinjiang. Ma Bufang defeated Ma Zhongying in a battle in Gansu, and drove him into Xinjiang.
In 1936, Ma Bufang was appointed commander of the newly organized 2nd army.
Because Ma Bufang did not want the 14th Dalai Lama to succeed his predecessor, he stationed his men in such a way that the Dalai Lama was effectively under house arrest, saying this was needed for "protection", and refusing to permit him to leave for Tibet. He did all he could to delay the movement of the Dalai Lama from Qinghai to Tibet by demanding 100,000 Chinese silver dollars.
Even though his uncle Ma Lin was officially governor of Qinghai, Ma Bufang held de facto military power in the province and foreigners acknowledged this. While his uncle Ma Lin was governor of Qinghai, Ma Bufang was pacification commissioner of Gansu. In 1936, during Autumn, Ma Bufang made his move to expel his uncle from power and to replace him. Ma Bufang made Ma Lin's position untenable and unbearable until he resigned from power by making the Hajj to Mecca. Ma Lin's next position was to be part of the National Government Committee. In an interview Ma Lin was described as having: "high admiration and unwavering loyalty to Chiang Kai-shek".
The Qing dynasty had granted his family a yellow standard which had his family name "Ma" on it. Ma Bufang continued to use this standard in battle and, as of 1936, he had 30,000 Muslim cavalrymen in his army.
War against Tibet and Ngoloks.
Ma Bufang had a conflicted relationship with the Tibetan population of Qinghai. Some Tibetan Buddhists served in his army while others were crushed and killed by it.
In 1932, Ma Bufang's Muslim troops, and the Han Chinese general Liu Wenhui, defeated the 13th Dalai Lama's Tibetan armies when Tibet tried to invade Qinghai province. Ma Bufang overran the Tibetan armies and recaptured several counties in Xikang province. Shiqu, Dengke, and other counties were seized from the Tibetans who were pushed back to the other side of the Jinsha River. Ma and Liu warned Tibetan officials not to cross the Jinsha River again. A truce was signed ending the fighting.
The reputation of the Muslim forces of Ma Bufang was boosted by the war and victory against the Tibetan army. The stature of Ma Biao rose over his role in the war and later in 1937 his battles against the Japanese propelled him to fame nationwide in China. The control of China over the border area of Kham and Yushu with Tibet was guarded by the Qinghai army. Chinese Muslim run schools used their victory in the war against Tibet to show how they defended the integrity of China's territory as it was put in danger since the Japanese invasion.
The Kuomintang Republic of China government supported Ma Bufang when he launched seven extermination expeditions into Golog, eliminating thousands of Ngolok tribesmen. Some Tibetans counted the number of times he attacked, remembering the seventh attack which made life impossible for them. Ma was highly anti-communist, and he and his army wiped out many Ngolok tribal Tibetans in the northeast and eastern Qinghai, and also destroyed Tibetan Buddhist Temples.
Ma Bufang established the Kunlun Middle School and used it to recruit Tibetan students, who were subjected to harsh military life. The school became an important source of Tibetan translators as Ma expanded his military domain over land inhabited by Tibetans. As Ma Bufang defeated more Tibetans, he also drafted them into his army.
Ma Bufang attacked and demolished a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Rebgong in 1939, one of the oldest in Amdo. Ma Bufang sent his army to destroy and loot the Tsanggar Monastery in 1941; his forces expelled the monks. It was not until the Communists took power that the Monastery could be rebuilt; the monks returned in 1953. Many of the monasteries attacked by Ma Bufang were associated with the Ngoloks.
Tibetan tribals in southern Qinghai revolted due to taxation between 1939 and 1941, but they were crushed by "suppression campaigns" and massacred by Ma Bufang which caused a major influx of Tibetan refugees into Tibet from Qinghai.
A former Tibetan Khampa soldier named Aten, who battled Ma Bufang's forces, provided an account of a battle. He described the Chinese Muslims as "fierce". After he and his troops were ambushed by 2,000 of Ma Bufang's Chinese Muslim cavalry, he was left with bullet wounds and he "had no illusions as to the fate of most of our group", most of whom were wiped out. Aten also asserted that "the Tibetan province of Amdo", was "occupied" by Ma Bufang.
Second Sino-Japanese War.
Ma Bufang called for peace and tolerance between ethnicities.
The soldiers in Ma Bufang's cavalry forces belonged to a wide range of ethnicities. Hui, Mongols, Tibetans, and Han Chinese all served in Ma Bufang's cavalry. Ma Bufang's ethnic tolerance in theory ensured that recruits could escape ethnic divergence in his armies.
In 1937 and 1938, the Japanese attempted to approach Ma Bufang and were ignored.
Ma Bufang's soldiers were designated as the 82nd Army during the war against Japan.
In 1937, when the Japanese attack at the Battle of Beiping–Tianjin began the Chinese government was notified by Muslim General Ma Bufang of the Ma clique that he was prepared to bring the fight to the Japanese in a telegram message. Immediately after the Marco Polo Bridge Incident, he arranged for a cavalry division, under Muslim General Ma Biao, to be sent east to battle the Japanese. Ma Buqing and Ma Bufang discussed the battle plans against the Japanese over the telephone with Chiang Kai-shek. The top crack elite cavalry of Ma Bufang was sent against Japan. Ethnic Turkic Salar Muslims made up the majority of the first cavalry division which Ma Bufang sent.
Because of fierce resistance by Ma Hongkui and Ma Bufang's Muslim cavalry, the Japanese were never able to reach and capture Lanzhou during the war.
Ma Bufang also obstructed Japanese agents trying to contact the Tibetans and was called an "adversary" by a Japanese agent.
Ma became governor of Qinghai when he expelled his uncle Ma Lin from power in 1938. He commanded a group army. He was appointed because of his anti-Japanese inclinations.
Under orders from the Kuomintang government of Chiang Kaishek, Ma Bufang repaired Yushu Batang Airport to prevent Tibetan separatists from seeking independence. Chiang also ordered Ma Bufang to put his Muslim soldiers on alert for an invasion of Tibet in 1942. Ma Bufang complied, and moved several thousand troops to the border with Tibet. Chiang also threatened the Tibetans with bombing if they did not comply. Ma Bufang attacked the Tibetan Buddhist Tsang monastery in 1941. He also constantly attacked the Labrang Monastery.
Ma Bufang's army battled extensively in bloody battles against the Japanese in Henan province. Ma Bufang sent his army, under the command of his relative General Ma Biao, to fight the Japanese in Henan. The Qinghai Chinese, Salar, Chinese Muslim, Dongxiang, and Tibetan troops Ma Bufang sent fought to the death against the Imperial Japanese Army, or committed suicide refusing to be taken prisoner, when cornered by the enemy. When they defeated the Japanese, the Muslim troops slaughtered all of them except for a few prisoners sent back to Qinghai to prove that they had been victorious. In September 1940, when the Japanese launched an offensive against the Muslim Qinghai troops, the Muslims ambushed them and killed so many of them that they were forced to retreat. The Japanese could not even pick up their dead; instead, they cut an arm from their corpses for cremation to send back to Japan. The Japanese did not attempt to make a similar offensive again. Ma Biao was the eldest son of Ma Haiqing, who was the sixth younger brother of Ma Haiyan, Ma Bufang's grandfather.
During the war against Japan, Ma Bufang commanded the 82nd Army.
Xining was subjected to aerial bombardment by Japanese warplanes in 1941 during the Second-Sino Japanese War. The bombing spurred all ethnicities in Qinghai, including the local Qinghai Mongols and Qinghai Tibetans, against the Japanese. The Salar Muslim General Han Youwen directed the defense of the city of Xining during air raids by Japanese planes. Han survived an aerial bombardment by Japanese planes in Xining while he was being directed via telephone from Ma Bufang, who hid in an air raid shelter in a military barracks. The bombing resulted in human flesh splattering a Blue Sky with a White Sun flag and Han being buried in rubble. Han Youwen was dragged out of the rubble while bleeding and he managed to grab a machine gun while he was limping and fired back at the Japanese warplanes and cursed the Japanese as dogs in his native Salar language.
Ma Bukang and Ma Bufang were having a discussion on Ma Biao when Japanese warplanes bombed Xining.
In 1942, Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek, head of the Chinese government, toured Northwestern China in Xinjiang, Gansu, Ningxia, Shaanxi, and Qinghai, where he met both Ma Buqing and Ma Bufang. It was reported around this time that Ma had 50,000 elite soldiers in his army.
Ma Bufang supported the Chinese nationalist imam Hu Songshan.
Chinese Civil War.
Ma Bufang was elected to the Sixth Central Committee of the Kuomintang in 1945.
The Kuomintang Chinese government ordered Ma Bufang to march his troops into Xinjiang several times to intimidate the pro-Soviet Governor Sheng Shicai. This helped to provide protection for Chinese settling in Xinjiang. Ma Bufang was sent with his Muslim Cavalry to Urumqi by the Kuomintang in 1945 during the Ili Rebellion to protect it from the Uyghur army from Hi.
Ma Bufang relocated Genghis Khan's shrine from Yulin to Xining in 1949. On April 7, 1949 Ma Bufang and Ma Hongkui announced jointly that they would continue to fight the Communists, and would not make an accord with them. Fighting continued as the Communists advanced. Ma was made Chief of all Military and Political affairs of the Northwest by the Kuomintang.
The Panchen Lama, who was exiled from Tibet by the Dalai Lama's government, wanted to seek revenge by leading an army against Tibet in September 1949 and asked for help from Ma Bufang. Ma Bufang patronized the Panchen Lama, and the Lamaist Red Sect against the Dalai Lama. Qinghai served as a "sanctuary" for Red Sect members; Ma Bufang allowed Kumbum Monastery to be totally self-governed by the Panchen Lama.
General Ma Bufang was appointed Supreme Commander in Chief of the entire region of northwestern China by the government, described by "TIME" magazine as "13 times as big as Texas", containing "14 million people" "one-third Han Chinese, one-third Moslem Chinese, and the remainder Tibetans, Turkis, Mongolians, Kazaks". He entered Lanzhou in a Buick with his troops, seizing buildings and setting up camps. Ma Bufang also had to battle against forty Soviet warplanes sent by Joseph Stalin against his forces.
Generals Hu Zongnan and Ma Bufang led five corps to defeat General Peng's army near Baoji. They killed 15,000 members of the People's Liberation Army (PLA).
In August 1949, Ma Bufang traveled by plane to the Kuomintang (KMT) government in Canton to request supplies via airdrop, while his son Ma Jiyuan assumed command over the KMT forces at Lanzhou who advised journalists they would defend the city. However, the government denied his request, and Ma flew back to Lanzhou, then abandoned it, retreating by truck back to Xining. Then the Chinese Communist People's Liberation Army, led by General Peng Dehuai, defeated Ma's army and occupied Lanzhou, the capital of Gansu. Ma was driven out of Xining and escaped to Chongqing then Hong Kong. He had 50,000 dollars in money with him. While residing in a flat in Hong Kong, he stated his intention to flee to Mecca. In October, Chiang Kai-shek urged him to return to the Northwest to resist the PLA, but he fled to Mecca with more than 200 relatives and subordinates, in the name of hajj.
Ma Bufang, and his family members like son Ma Jiyuan, cousin Ma Bukang, and nephew Ma Chengxiang, fled to Saudi Arabia; however, after one year, Ma Bufang and Ma Bukang then moved to Cairo, Egypt, while his son Ma Jiyuan, with ten Generals, moved to Taiwan.
General Ma Bufang announced the start of the Kuomintang Islamic Insurgency in China (1950–1958), on January 9, 1950, when he was in Cairo, Egypt saying that Chinese Muslims would never surrender to Communism and would fight a guerilla war against the Communists. His former military forces, most of them Muslim, continued to play a major role in the insurgency.
In 1950, Ma moved to Cairo. He was there to request help from Arab countries. Ma served as representative of the Kuomintang to Egypt.
Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
In 1957, after the establishment of diplomatic relations between Egypt and the People's Republic of China, Ma was transferred by Taipei to serve as the ROC ambassador to Saudi Arabia. Ma served in this post for four years; he never returned to Taiwan. He was in the post from 1957 to 1961 until his dismissal "on charges of corruption and incompetence". He received the Saudi citizenship and remained in Saudi Arabia until his death in 1975 at the age of 72. He had one son, Ma Jiyuan (馬繼援), who served as a divisional commander in Ma Bufang's army.
Position on East Turkestan Independence.
While serving as ambassador, in response to a request by Abdul Ahad Hamed, a former Uyghur Mufti living in Saudi Arabia, for accommodations to be granted to Uyghurs who held Republic of China passports, living outside China, Ma Bufang sent the following letter which rejected this request and rejected his usage of the term "East Turkestan", upheld the official position of the Republic of China that Xinjiang was a part of China and that it did not recognize the East Turkestan Independence Movement.
Dear Brother,&lt;br&gt;
With all due respect to your previous position in the Government of Sinkiang and to the confidence placed in you by His Excellency the President of the Republic of China, I hope that you will refrain from using expressions which should not be used by one who occupied the position of a mufti. We are all serving our beloved country trying to do our best for our countrymen. I also hope that you will refrain from using the expression "The Turkestani Nation" which was the creation of one Abdul Qayyum Khan while he was living in Germany. We are working for the welfare of the true people of Sinkiang not for the Turkestanis living outside Sinkiang or the followers of Abdul Qayyum Khan.&lt;br&gt;
Best regards,&lt;br&gt;
Ambassador of Nationalist China in Saudi Arabia
Mansion.
The Ma Bufang Mansion in Xining, Qinghai was where Ma and his family lived from 1943 to 1949. In 1938 Ma Bufang built a residence for his concubine called East mansion. Ma Bufang's headquarters was converted into the provincial museum by the Communists, until a new one was built. It currently contains the "Qinghai Cultural Relics and Archaeology Institute" collection.
Former officers.
Ma Bufang's former chief of staff was Ma Wending, who defected to the communists and became vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the Qinghai Provincial People's Congress.
Another officer who served under Ma Bufang, the Salar General Han Youwen, also defected to the Communists and joined the People's Liberation Army.
Ma Bufang had another chief of staff in his North-West Command, Ma Ji. Ma Ji's son Ma Wenying later became a well known tailor.
Policies.
Military.
Ma Bufang recruited many Salar officers, such as Han Yimu and General Han Youwen into his army; most came from Xunhua County.
Ma Bufang's regime centered on the support of "fanatically disciplined and obedient Chinese Muslims". After he took over as Governor, he turned to civilian governing. His son was handed Ma Bufang's former role as authority over the army.
Nationalism.
Ma Bufang presented himself as a Chinese nationalist and someone who fought against Western imperialism to the people of China in order to deflect criticism by opponents that his government was feudal and oppressed minorities like Tibetans and Buddhist Mongols. He presented himself as a Chinese nationalist to his advantage to keep himself in power as noted by the author Erden. The Kuomintang party was officially anti-feudal, and the Kuomintang itself claimed to be a revolutionary party of the people, so being accused of feudalism was a serious insult. Chiang Kai-shek, leader of the Kuomintang, spoke out publicly against feudalism and feudal warlords. Ma Bufang was forced to defend himself against the accusations, and stated to the news media that his army was a part of the "National army, people's power".
Industrialization.
Ma Bufang was described as a socialist by American journalist John Roderick and "friendly" compared to the other Ma Clique warlords. Ma Bufang was reported to be good humoured and jovial in contrast to the brutal reign of Ma Hongkui.
Most of eastern China was ravaged by the Second Sino-Japanese War. In contrast, during the Chinese Civil war Qinghai was relatively untouched.
An American scholar, A. Doak Barnett, praised Ma Bufang's government as: "one of the most efficient in China, and one of the most energetic. While most of China is bogged down, almost inevitably, by Civil War, Chinghai is attempting to carry out small-scale, but nevertheless ambitious, development and reconstruction schemes on its own initiative".
General Ma started a state run and controlled industrialization project, directly creating educational, medical, agricultural, and sanitation projects, run or assisted by the state. The state provided money for food and uniforms in all schools, state run or private. Roads and a theater were constructed. The state controlled the press; no freedom was allowed for independent journalists. His regime was dictatorial in its political system. Barnett admitted that the regime had "sterm authoritarianism" and "little room for personal freedom".
In 1947 the United States sold Ma Bufang a piped water (sewage) system which was installed in Xining.
Like all the other Kuomintang members, Ma Bufang was anti-Communist.
Ma was regarded as a "modernizer" and "reformer" during his rule over Qinghai.
Environment and infrastructure.
Ma enforced a strict reforestation program to help the environment. Villagers were required to meet a quota for tree planting after being supplied with saplings and instructions; cutting down a tree without permission led to execution. Millions of trees were planted in Qinghai during his rule, and he built an irrigation system in addition to roads. Around 1.5 million people lived in Qinghai under Ma Bufang. He was obsessed with preventing soil erosion and tree planting, saying: "The salvation of our desert was in the tree". He had "education teams" teach the entire population about the role of trees in protecting the environment.
Education and women's rights.
Ma Bufang also promoted education. He made businessmen methodically clean up Xining, the capital of Qinghai, by serving as insect exterminators, killing flies, and neatly disposing of them.
Ma Bufang and his wife built a school for Muslim girls in Linxia which provided a modern secular education.
Patron of the arts.
Ma Bufang sent the Chinese artist Zhang Daqian to Sku'bum to seek helpers to analyze and copy Dunhuang Buddhist art. Ma Bufang patronized the folk songwriter Wang Luobin, who wrote the famous folk song "In That Place Wholly Faraway" in Qinghai while shooting a film at Ma's invitation. Ma Bufang later rescued Wang Luobin from prison and employed him on his staff. Wang composed the "War Horse Song" for the cavalry division Ma Bufang sent to fight the Japanese invaders as well as the "March of the Chinese Muslims".
Treatment of minorities.
Author Kevin Stuart claimed that the Mongour were reported to have been abused by KMT officials under Ma Bufang.
Ma cooperated with the Panchen Lama against the Dalai Lama's regime in Tibet. The Panchen Lama stayed in Qinghai. Ma tried to persuade him to come with the Kuomintang government to Taiwan when the Communist victory was imminent, but the Panchen Lama decided to defect to the Communists instead. The Panchen Lama, unlike the Dalai Lama, sought to exert control in decision making. In addition, the Kuomintang expanded into the Lhasa regime of the Dalai Lama.
Closer to the Communist takeover, Ma Bufang tried to rally Tibetan and Mongol militia at Kokonuur Lake. A Mongol official, Wang Benba, derailed the attempt, urging them not to fight, saying that Communist victory was inevitable.
Tibetans.
Tibetan independence groups allege and accuse Ma Bufang of carrying out Sinicization policies in Tibetan areas: he is said to have forced Tibetans to intermarry, and to change their religious beliefs. He also spread and popularized holidays such as the Chinese New Year.
Since Qinghai (Amdo) was under Ma's rule, the 14th Dalai Lama and his family spoke Chinese as their native language, not knowing Tibetan until 1939 when they relocated their home to Lhasa.
Ma Bufang eliminated slavery and lordship among the Mongols and Tibetans. From the book "The Mongols at China's Edge: History and the Politics of National Unity", the author, Uradyn Erden Bulag wrote: "In the past, the Mongols and Tibetans were divided as lords and slaves, but the two Chairmen [Ma Qi and Ma Bufang], insisting on the principle of equality of all nationalities in our country, corrected the absurdity and astutely reformed it."
Near the Tibetan village of Skya Rgya in Qinghai, Muslims live around the Yellow river in the town of Dong sna 20 kilometers away and they are registered by the Chinese government as Hui. The elderly "Hui" in this village speak imperfect Chinese but speak perfect Tibetan and trade frequently with the Tibetans, saying they were originally Tibetans. One of them, a man born in 1931 said "We have the same blood; we have the same ancestors. We used to marry each other, shared the same customs and observed the same traditional principles. It was Ma Bufang who converted us to Islam."
Religion.
The new Yihewani (Ikhwan) sect was patronized and backed by Ma Lin and Ma Bufang to help modernize society, education, and reform old traditions. Ma Bufang kept religious affairs and clerics separate from state and civil affairs; religion was only concerned with education, morality, and other non-administrative matters.
The Yihewani sect was modernist, identifying strongly with Chinese culture and politics, whereas the Salafi Muslims stressed a non-political, and, what they termed an "original" form of Islam. In 1937, when the Salafi formally split with the Yihewani Muslim Brotherhood, Ma Bufang persecuted them as "heterodox" and "foreign". The Salafis were not allowed to move or to worship openly. General Ma effectively suppressed all non-Yihewani groups, including the traditional Sunni Gedimu, the oldest sect of Islam in China, by enforcing Yihewani Imams on them. However, when the Communist party took over, the Gedimu used the Communist party's rules on freedom of religion to ward off the Yihewani practices and imams.
In contrast to his treatment of Salafis, General Ma allowed polytheists to worship openly, and Christian missionaries to station themselves in Qinghai. General Ma, and other high-ranking Muslim Generals, even attended the Kokonuur Lake Ceremony where the God of the Lake was worshipped. During the ritual, the Chinese national anthem was sung. Participants bowed to a portrait of Kuomintang Party founder Dr. Sun Zhongshan, and to the God of the Lake, and offerings were given to him by the participants, which included Muslims. Ma Bufang invited Kazakh Muslims to attend the ceremony honoring the God. He received audiences of Christian missionaries, who sometimes gave him the Gospel. His son Ma Jiyuan received a silver cup from Christian missionaries.
Career.
He commanded the New 9th Division, New 2nd Army, and the 82nd Army. Another one of his positions was vice-commander of the 77th Brigade of the 26th Division.

</doc>
<doc id="7010289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010289" title="Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area">
Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area

Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area is an Illinois state park on in Christian and Sangamon Counties, Illinois, United States. The Sangchris Lake makes up a large portion of this state park.

</doc>
<doc id="7010297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010297" title="W6XAO">
W6XAO



</doc>
<doc id="7010301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010301" title="Nauvoo State Park">
Nauvoo State Park

Nauvoo State Park is an Illinois state park on in Hancock County, Illinois, United States near the banks of the Mississippi River. It contains 13-acre manmade lake named Lake Horton, the Rheinberger House Museum, and Illinois’ oldest vineyard.
Flora and fauna.
Lake Horton is stocked with largemouth bass, channel catfish, and bluegill. Deer, skunks, opossum, and raccoon are among the native animals. Birds include cardinals, goldfinches, geese, ducks, and wood ducks.
Recreation.
Fishing and boating are available on Lake Horton. Hiking and cross-country skiing are allowed on two of the park's trails.
Museum.
The Nauvoo State Park Museum is a house built by Mormons in the 1840s, remodeled by Icarians, and later owned by the Rheinberger family from 1850 to 1948. It has been staffed as a museum by the Nauvoo Historical Society since 1954. The restored home features a stone-arched wine cellar and a press room, and is the only Nauvoo wine cellar open to the public. This also is the location of Nauvoo's first vineyard, a 3-acre concord grape vineyard planted in 1851 which has been producing grapes since the mid-1800s. The museum itself exhibits artifacts from all periods of Nauvoo's history, including Native American, German, Mormon, Icarian, Civil War, and other artifacts.

</doc>
<doc id="7010305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010305" title="Vitória F.C. (handball)">
Vitória F.C. (handball)

 
Vitória Futebol Clube Is a professional handball team based in Setúbal, Portugal. It plays in LPA.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7010333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010333" title="Yudofu">
Yudofu



</doc>
<doc id="7010335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010335" title="Tkachuk">
Tkachuk

Tkachuk, Tkatchuk (Ukrainian: Ткачук) is a common Ukrainian surname in Ukraine and the Ukrainian diaspora. The name in Ukrainian stands for the name of occupation, weaver. The names that end in "-chuk" or "-czuk" are of the western Ukrainian origin. Polish-language variant: Tkaczuk. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7010339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010339" title="Cornish engine">
Cornish engine

A Cornish engine is a type of steam engine developed in Cornwall, England, mainly for pumping water from a mine. It is a form of beam engine that uses steam at a higher pressure than the earlier engines designed by James Watt. The engines were also used for powering man engines to assist the underground miners' journeys to and from their working levels, for winching materials into and out of the mine, and for powering on-site ore stamping machinery.
Background.
Cornwall has long had tin, copper and other metal ore mines, but if mining is to take place at greater depths, a means to dewater the mine must be found. Lifting the weight of water up from the depths requires great amounts of work input. This energy may be weakly supplied by horse power or a waterwheel to operate pumps, but horses have limited power and waterwheels need a suitable stream of water. Accordingly, the innovation of coal-fired steam power to work pumps was more versatile and effective to the mining industry than primitive means.
The mine "Wheal Vor" had one of the earliest Newcomen engines (in-cylinder condensing engines, utilising sub-atmospheric pressure) before 1714, but Cornwall has no coalfield and coal imported from south Wales was expensive. The cost of fuel for pumping was thus a significant part of mining costs. Later, many of the more efficient early Watt engines (using an external condenser) were erected by Boulton and Watt in Cornwall. They charged the mine owners a royalty based on a share of the fuel saving. The fuel efficiency of an engine was measured by its "duty", expressed in the work (in foot-pounds) generated by a bushel () of coal. Early Watt engines had a duty of 20 million, and later ones over 30 million.
Characteristics.
The principal advantage of the Cornish engine was its increased efficiency, accomplished by making more economical use of higher-pressure steam. At the time, improvements in efficiency were important in Cornwall because of the high cost of coal; there are no coal fields in Cornwall and all the coal used had to be brought in from outside the county.
Increasing the boiler pressure above the very low, virtually atmospheric pressure steam used by James Watt was an essential element of the improvement in efficiency of the Cornish engine. Simply increasing the boiler pressure would have made an engine more powerful without increasing its efficiency. The key advance was allowing the steam to expand in the cylinder. While James Watt had conceived of the idea of allowing expansive working of steam—and included it in his 1782 patent, he realized that the low steam pressure of his application made the improvement in efficiency negligible, and so did not pursue it.
In a Watt engine, steam is admitted throughout the piston's power stroke. At the end of the stroke, the steam is exhausted, and any remaining energy is wasted in the condenser, where the steam is cooled back to water.
In a Cornish engine, by contrast, the intake valve is shut off midway through the power stroke, allowing the steam already in that part of the cylinder to expand through the rest of the stroke to a lower pressure. This results in the capture of a greater proportion of its energy, and less heat being lost to the condenser, than in a Watt engine.
Other characteristics include insulation of steam lines and the cylinder, and steam jacketing the cylinder, both of which had previously been used by Watt.
Few Cornish engines remain in their original locations, the majority having been scrapped when their related industrial firm closed.
The Cornish engine developed irregular power throughout the cycle, completely pausing at one point while having rapid motion on the down stroke, making it unsuitable for rotary motion and most industrial applications. This also requires some unusual valve gear, see Cornish engine valve gear.
Cycle.
The Cornish cycle operates as follows.
Starting from a condition during operation with the piston at the top of the cylinder, the cylinder below the piston full of steam from the previous stroke, the boiler at normal working pressure, and the condenser at normal working vacuum,
The next stroke may occur immediately, or it may be delayed by a timing device such as a cataract, if it was not necessary for the engine to work at its maximum rate, reducing the rate of operation saved fuel.
The engine is single-acting, and the steam piston is pulled up by the weight of the pump piston and rodding. Steam may be supplied at a pressure of up to .
Real photos showing the components of the schematic design (East Pool mine Tailer's shaft Harvey's Engine):
Development.
The Cornish engine depended on the use of steam pressure above atmospheric pressure, as devised by Richard Trevithick in the 19th century. His early puffer engines discharged steam into the atmosphere. This differed from the Watt steam engine, which moved the condensing steam from the cylinder to a condenser separate from the cylinder; hence Watt's engine depended on the creation of a vacuum when the steam was condensed. Trevithick's later engines (in the 1810s) combined the two principles, starting with high-pressure steam which was then passed to the other side of the piston, where it condensed and there it acted as a sub-atmospheric pressure engine. In a parallel development Arthur Woolf developed the compound steam engine, in which the steam expanded in two cylinders successively, each of which were at pressures above atmospheric.
When Trevithick left for South America in 1816 he passed his patent right of his latest invention to William Sims, who built or adapted a number of engines, including one at Wheal Chance operating at above atmospheric pressure, which achieved a duty of nearly 50 million, but its efficiency then fell back. A test was carried out between a Trevithick type single-cylinder engine and a Woolf compound engine at Wheal Alfred in 1825, when both achieved a duty of slightly more than 40 million.
The next improvement was achieved in the late 1820s by Samuel Grose, who decreased the heat loss by insulating the pipes, cylinders, and boilers of the engines, improving the duty to more than 60 million at Wheal Hope and later to almost 80 million at Wheal Towan. Nevertheless, the best duty was usually a short-lived achievement due to general deterioration of machinery, leaks from boilers, and the deterioration of boiler plates (meaning that pressure had to be reduced).
Minor improvements increased the duty somewhat, but the engine seems to have reached its practical limits by the mid-1840s. With pressures of up to , the forces are likely to have caused machinery breakages. The same improvements in duty occurred in engines operating Cornish stamps and whims, but generally came slightly later. In both cases the best duty was lower than for pumping engines, particularly so for whim engines, whose work was discontinuous.
The impetus for the improvement of the steam engine came from Cornwall due to the high price of coal there, but both capital and maintenance costs were higher than a Watt steam engine. This long delayed the installation of Cornish engines outside Cornwall. A secondhand Cornish engine was installed by Thomas Wicksteed at the Old Ford waterworks of the East London Waterworks company in 1838, and compared to a Watt engine with favourable results, because the price of coal in London was even higher than in Cornwall. Cornish engines became widely used for water supply around the world. In the main textile manufacturing areas, such as Manchester and Leeds, the coal price was too low to make replacement economic. Only in the late 1830s did textile manufacturers begin moving to high-pressure engines, usually by adding a high-pressure cylinder, forming a compound engine, rather than following the usual Cornish practice.
Preservation.
Several Cornish engines are preserved in England. The London Museum of Water &amp; Steam has the largest collection of Cornish engines in the world. At Crofton Pumping Station, in Wiltshire are two Cornish engines, one of which (the 1812 Boulton and Watt) is the "oldest working beam engine in the world still in its original engine house and capable of actually doing the job for which it was installed", that of pumping water to the summit pound of the Kennet and Avon Canal. Two examples also survive at the Cornish Mines and Engines museum on the site of East Pool mine near the town of Pool, Cornwall.
Another example is at Poldark Mine at Trenear, Cornwall – a Harvey of Hayle Cornish Beam Engine from about 1840–1850, originally employed at Bunny Tin Mine and later at Greensplat China Clay Pit, both near St Austell. It no longer works as a steam engine but is instead moved by a hydraulic mechanism. In use at Greensplat until 1959, it is the last Cornish engine to have worked commercially in Cornwall. It was moved to Poldark in 1972.
The Cruquius pumping station in the Netherlands contains a Cornish engine with the largest diameter cylinder ever built for a Cornish engine, at diameter. The engine, which was built by Harvey &amp; Co in Hayle, Cornwall, has eight beams connected to the one cylinder, each beam driving a single pump. The engine was restored to working order between 1985 and 2000, although it is now operated by an oil-filled hydraulic system, since restoration to steam operation was not viable.
The 1879 pair of engines preserved at Dalton Pumping Station in County Durham were the only Cornish Engines designed to run on superheated steam. One of the last Cornish engines to be built was installed at the Dorothea Slate Quarry in 1904, where it remains within its engine house.
The Cornish Engines Preservation Committee, an early industrial archaeology organisation, was formed in 1935 to preserve the Levant winding engine. The committee was later renamed for Richard Trevithick. They acquired another winding engine and two pumping engines. They publish a newsletter, a journal and many books on Cornish engines, the mining industry, engineers, and other industrial archaeological topics.

</doc>
<doc id="7010341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010341" title="Nepean Cone Bush">
Nepean Cone Bush



</doc>
<doc id="7010342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010342" title="Barbon Hillclimb">
Barbon Hillclimb

Barbon Hillclimb is a hillclimb held near Kirkby Lonsdale, Cumbria, north-west England. The event is held on the Barbon Manor estate with the course ordinarily being used as a driveway to Barbon Manor, a Victorian shooting lodge. (The Manor house is not open to the public). 
The course is 738 yards (675 metres) in length, making it the shortest of the British Hill Climb Championship tracks outside the Channel Islands. 
Since 2013, the car events have been promoted by Liverpool Motor Club in addition to their popular Sprints at Aintree. 
Motorcycle events were run at Barbon by the Westmorland Motor Club until 2011, but resumed in 2019.
History.
From 1950 to 2012, Westmorland Motor Club ran three events per year at the venue: two for cars and one for motorcycles, though the motorcycle events took a break in 2011 but ran again in 2019.
Since 2013 the car events have been run by Barbon Hillclimb Ltd, a joint venture between Kirkby Londsdale Motor Club and Liverpool Motor Club, the latter being the official promoter of the events.
The target for 1963 competitors was the existing record by Jack Cordingley's JBW-Maserati in a time of 30.46 secs.
A new hill record was set by Jos Goodyear on 4 July 2015 of 20.08 secs, beating the previous record held by Scott Moran in 2008. Goodyear's record still stands despite several competitors getting very close to breaking it.
Substantial re-surfacing took place in 2015 and the British Hillclimb Championship event moved from May to July to further improve the events for competitors and spectators alike. The British Championship rounds last visited Barbon in 2019.
The spectacular and challenging venue hosts highly competitive Regional and National Championship car events in June and July each year, attracting a loyal following of competitors and spectators.
Barbon Hillclimb car event past winners.
Key: R = New Course Record.
"All details extracted from Barbon Hillclimb Programmes unless indicated otherwise"

</doc>
<doc id="7010346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010346" title="Nepean Conebush">
Nepean Conebush



</doc>
<doc id="7010350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010350" title="Department of Caazapa">
Department of Caazapa



</doc>
<doc id="7010351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010351" title="Leaman Place, Pennsylvania">
Leaman Place, Pennsylvania

Leaman Place is a named place in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. Leaman Place is known mostly as a whistle-stop. President-elect Abraham Lincoln spoke at this station on February 22, 1861 to a crowd of 5,000. In 1968, Hubert H. Humphrey, Democratic Party candidate for president, stopped and spoke at the same place.
The Leaman Place covered bridge crosses Pequea Creek.
Geography.
Leaman Place is located at (40.007222, -76.116667), and is 385 feet above mean sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="7010355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010355" title="WWF Tough Enough 2">
WWF Tough Enough 2

WWF Tough Enough 2 is a compilation album of music related to MTV's reality series of the same name. Cold's "Gone Away" served as the album's single with a popular music video released in mid-April 2002. According to a label spokesperson mere weeks before the album's release, "WWF" "Tough Enough 2" was originally to include a track by Godsmack.
Despite the inclusion of the “WWE” logo on the album cover, the spine on the CD case labels this as a "WWF" release. This is because a week prior to the album's release, WWE had changed its name from "WWF" following a trademark dispute with the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). The album had already been cataloged as a "WWF" release by Geffen. The album remains listed as a legacy "WWF" release on digital music services.
"Gone Away".
The album's single, a moody ballad, was originally written for Cold vocalist Scooter Ward's daughter Raven. It focuses on missing family while being on the road and traveling to performances, a necessary evil in both music and professional wrestling. Regarding the song's addition to the "Tough Enough 2" album, Ward said:
The song's music video was credited as from Cold's then-forthcoming album "Year of the Spider", which wouldn't be released until a year later. Two videos were made, the original having been shot in March 2002 in the group's hometown of Jacksonville, Florida, by director Paul Boyd. In it, the daughter is seen on one of three giant projection screens as Cold perform in a plush, empty theater while fans are projected on the other screens. The audience, some of which traveled from Chicago to be cast into the video, was also treated to a few other Cold songs at the small venue.

</doc>
<doc id="7010363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010363" title="Breakfast Ephiphanies">
Breakfast Ephiphanies



</doc>
<doc id="7010364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010364" title="Rag Doll (The Four Seasons song)">
Rag Doll (The Four Seasons song)

"Rag Doll" is a popular song written by Bob Crewe and Bob Gaudio. It was recorded by the Four Seasons and released as a single in 1964.
Background.
According to songwriter Bob Gaudio, the recording was inspired by an occasion involving the homeless children who, at stop lights in the city, would run into the street and clean windshields for spare change. In the Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan neighborhood, a young girl with a dirty face and wearing ragged clothes approached Gaudio's automobile. When he reached into his wallet to pay her, he found that none of the notes were smaller than $10. He gave the girl a $10 bill. (Some accounts indicate that it was a $5 bill.) "The image of her stuck in my head until I wrote 'Rag Doll'", Gaudio recalled in a 2009 interview.
"Billboard" described the song as a "sentimental slow dance ballad." "Cash Box" described it as "a touching, cha cha beat opus...that the group serves up in their fabulous style" and that features the "hit sounds" of Frankie Valli. In 1989, critic Dave Marsh ranked "Rag Doll" at No. 401 on his list compiled in the book "The Heart of Rock and Soul: The 1001 Greatest Singles Ever Made", being one of five songs by the Four Seasons included in the book. In 1997, Mojo also listed the song as one of the 'Bubbling Under' singles in its list of 'The 100 Greatest Singles Of All Time'.
Accolades.
In 2010, radio station WCBS-FM in New York City rated the Four Seasons' "Rag Doll" as the No. 1 song of all time, as voted on by its listeners.
B-Side.
The B-side was the original version of "Silence Is Golden", also written by Crewe and Gaudio. In 1967, that song was covered by the English band the Tremeloes and peaked at No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart, No. 8 in Canada, and No. 11 on the US charts.
Personnel.
Source.
Chart history.
"Rag Doll" reached the top spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on July 18, 1964, and remained on top for two weeks. The song was also a No. 1 hit in Canada, and reached No. 2 in the UK and No. 4 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="7010367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010367" title="Barbon hillclimb">
Barbon hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="7010370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010370" title="Barbon Manor Hillclimb">
Barbon Manor Hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="7010372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010372" title="Barbon Manor hillclimb">
Barbon Manor hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="7010373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010373" title="Sever (album)">
Sever (album)



</doc>
<doc id="7010374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010374" title="Nodah b'yehudah">
Nodah b'yehudah



</doc>
<doc id="7010375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010375" title="Bob Hamilton">
Bob Hamilton

Robert T. Hamilton (January 10, 1916 – December 6, 1990) was an American professional golfer. He was born, raised, and died in Evansville, Indiana. He attended and graduated from Evansville Reitz High School in 1934.
Hamilton won ten professional titles, including one major, the PGA Championship in 1944 at Manito Golf and Country Club in Spokane, Washington. Then a match play event, he defeated heavily favored Byron Nelson in the finals, 1 up. Hamilton was a three-time winner of the Indiana Open, winning in 1938, 1942, and 1966. He won five times on the PGA Tour, including the 1948 New Orleans Open, one stroke ahead of runner-up Roberto De Vicenzo. Hamilton was also a member of the 1949 Ryder Cup team.
Hamilton also served as the golf pro at Fort Lewis, south of Seattle, during the latter stages of World War II; he was also a member of the Warriors, the inter-base (intramural) team. Individually, he placed 3rd in the Pacific Northwest Servicemen's Championship (Seattle) and 3rd in the Tacoma Open, a PGA Tour event.
Hamilton finished second to Sam Snead in the 1967 Senior PGA Championship at PGA National Golf Club in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
Hamilton set the overall record for youngest golfer to shoot his age when he shot a 59 at Hamilton Golf Club in Evansville in 1975.
Hamilton was inducted into the Indiana Golf Hall of Fame in 1965, as a member of the 2nd class so honored.
Amateur wins (2).
"This list may be incomplete"
Professional wins (10).
PGA Tour wins (5).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Other wins (5).
"This list may be incomplete"
Major championships.
Wins (1).
"Note: The PGA Championship was match play until 1958"
Results timeline.
"Note: Hamilton never played in The Open Championship."&lt;br&gt;
NT = no tournament&lt;br&gt;
WD = withdrew&lt;br&gt;
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = round in which player lost in PGA Championship match play&lt;br&gt;
"T" indicates a tie for a place

</doc>
<doc id="7010376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010376" title="134340 Pluto.">
134340 Pluto.



</doc>
<doc id="7010378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010378" title="Nodeh b'yehudah">
Nodeh b'yehudah



</doc>
<doc id="7010380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010380" title="Towanda Braxton">
Towanda Braxton



</doc>
<doc id="7010381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010381" title="FC Nyva Ternopil">
FC Nyva Ternopil

FC Nyva Ternopil (; ) is a Ukrainian football club from the city of Ternopil, the administrative center of Ternopil Oblast. As of the 2020–21 season, it played in the Ukrainian First League, the second tier of Ukrainian football, following promotion from the 2019–20 Ukrainian Second League. Originally the club was formed as Nyva Pidhaitsi in the small town Pidhaitsi in 1978, then moved to a district centre Berezhany changing its name to Nyva Berezhany in 1982, and finally moved to Ternopil becoming Nyva Ternopil in 1985. In 2016 the club withdrew from the professional competitions and was reestablished as PFC Nyva Ternopil.
Their home ground is the small stadium of former bird farm in village of Velyki Hayi near Ternopil, but all the major home league and cup matches they have played before in 15,150 seat Central City Stadium named after Roman Shukhevych, which belongs to Community of the City of Ternopil.
History.
Soviet times.
In the 1950s in Soviet Union, the strongest team in Ternopil was "Dynamo". Taking part in competitions of collectives of physical culture, "Dynamo" several times got their way to the finals, but they were unsuccessful.
In 1958, a new team had been created – FC Avanhard Ternopil. The first success came in 1965 when they finished second in zonal tournament. Three years later, Avanhard won the champion title in the Class B. The team began to perform in the Second Group (Class A) and was renamed to Budivelnyk. The results were as follows:
1971 – 14th place; 1972 – 15; 1973 -20; 1974 – 19.
Two consecutive years of failure led to the fact that the team was disbanded.
The new club was created in 1978 at the collective farm "Shlyakh do komunizmu" (Road to the Communism) in Pidhaitsi by Ivan Potupa, the head of farm's council. Nyva played its first official match on 23 July 1978 in regional cup competition. On 16 October 1982 the team wins physical culture collectives' championship of Ukrainian SSR and moves to the biggest city in the district – Berezhany. This success gives the right to the first team from Ternopil region after 1974 to participate in the Soviet Second League. Three years later the team moves to Ternopil. In their first year in Soviet Second League 13th place was achieved. The next year Nyva finished on the same place. In 1985, they were 7th, 1986 – 4, 1987 – 2, 1988 – 12, 1989 – 3, 1990 – 4, 1991 – 4.
Championships of Ukraine.
From 1992, Nyva Ternopil played in the Ukrainian Premier League, after being initially chosen to participate for being one of the top 9 (of 11) Ukrainian teams from the 1991 Soviet Second League, Zone West. Leonid Koltun was the head coach at that time and he created a colony of Kazakh players– Konstantin Pavlyuchenko, Anton Shokh, Evgeny Yarovenko, Sergey Timofeev and Fanas Salimov. Together with players from new formed states from former Soviet republics as kyrgyz Tagir Fasakhov, Moldovan Iurie Scala, Russian Sergei Polstianov and Ukrainians Yuriy Chystov, Ihor Pokydko, Petro Buts, Ihor Tsiselskyi, Yuriy Kulish, Valeriy Horoshynskyi, Vitaliy Rudnytskyi and Mykhailo Demyanchuk the team finished 4th in the Group B of 1992 Vyshcha Liha below Dynamo Kyiv, Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and Metalist Kharkiv respectively. The next season started with bad results which caused the head coach replacement – Dynamo Kyiv and USSR national football team legend Leonid Buryak started to manage the club. He avoided relegation in the last weeks and Nyva finished in 14th place, but reached the quarter-finals of 1992-93 Ukrainian Cup, defeating amateurs Lokomotyv Rivne in Round of 32 (0–0, 2–1), 1992 bronze medalists Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in Round of 16 (3–0, 0–2) and lost only by conceding an away goal to 1992 cup holders Metalist Kharkiv in Quarter-finals (0–1, 2–1).
The season in 1993–94 Vyshcha Liha was one of the most successful in the club's history. Leonid Buryak gathered very good players: Oleh Mochulyak, who scored 14 goals in a league, Ukrainian internationals Andriy Vasylytchuk, Dmytro Tyapushkin, Serhiy Lezhentsev, the most capped team player Ihor Biskup, Mykhailo Demyanchuk, Vitaliy Rudnytskyi, Valentyn Hrehul, Ihor Sushko, Volodymyr Lobas, Dmytro Tutychenko, Matviy Nykolaychuk, Vitaliy Shumskyi, Ivan Korponay, Russia national football team player Vladislav Ternavskiy and young Russian Andrei Gashkin. Participation in domestic cup wasn't successful as last year – after Nyva Ternopil defeated Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk in West Ukrainian derby matches in Round of 32 (1–1, 4–1), in the next round they lost to the future cup runner-up Tavriya Simferopol (0–0, 0–3). At the end of the season Leonid Buryak left the team for his hometown's Chornomorets Odesa and took the best goalscorer Oleh Mochulyak and talented winger Andrei Gashkin with him. Dmytro Tyapushkin and Vladislav Ternavskiy went to Spartak Moscow, while Serhiy Lezhentsev found his place in Dynamo Kyiv.
Yavorskyi Era.
Valeriy Dushkov became new head coach for the 1994–95 Vyshcha Liha, but because of bad results he was replaced by Ihor Yavorskyi, one of the best players in club's history and who will become the most successful head coach of Nyva Ternopil. The team finished 12th in a table, but reached cup Quarter-finals again. Yavir Krasnopillya (2L) were beaten in 1/16 (0–0, 4–0), then Nyva came back with a brilliant 4–0 home win after Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih defeated them heavy in the first match in Kryvyi Rih with a 3–0 score, but in Quarter-finals future cup winner Shakhtar Donetsk won 2–0 in a second leg match after 1–1 in Ternopil and went through to Semi-finals.
Current player and new playing manager Ihor Yavorskyi started to build a new team in the next season. Young talented midfielder Serhiy Shyshchenko was loaned from Shakhtar Donetsk, another young players Andriy Parkhomenko, Oleg Yashchuk and two Georgian twins – Avtandil Kapanadze and Tariel Kapanadze came to create a good collective with players who already were in a team in the last seasons – Biskup, Demyanchuk, Romanchuk, but only 13th place in the end of the season and Quarter-final again in a cup. Format had been changed and now teams played only one match. Nyva Ternopil started from Round of 32 again and defeated second league FC Khutrovyk Tysmenytsia by the only goal of Mykhailo Demyanchuk, then home win 3–1 against league competitors Volyn Lutsk and finally away defeat in Vinnytsia in the very tough match with team with a same name – Nyva Vinnytsia (0–1), which will get to the finals and lose there to Dynamo Kyiv. Oleg Yashchuk scored 10 goals in a league. Also he scored a hat-trick against Shakhtar Donetsk, which inspired Belgian scouts from R.S.C. Anderlecht. As a result, young starlet was transferred to Belgian giants during the season.
New players came before the beginning of 1996–97 season, now Ihor Yavorskyi began to bring experienced players to the squad. Ukrainian veteran Bohdan Samardak (33) came from Bukovyna Chernivtsi, Kyrgyz former international of Ukrainian descent Oleg Kazmirchuk (28) was signed as a free agent after a spell at FC Naftokhimik Kremenchuk last season, former Lithuania national football team defender/midfielder Igoris Pankratjevas (32) was transferred from Podillya Khmelnytskyi. Also the team players such as Ihor Biskup turned already 36 and Vitaliy Rudnytskyi – 32, so the most aged team in 1996–97 Vyshcha Liha finished in the midtable in 9th place, which was the best result of the time under Ihor Yavorskyi as a head coach.
The next season was the last for young head coach. "Zhovto-zeleni" repeated the success they had under Buryak as a head coach in 1994. Almost until the last match they held 6th place but lost it to Metalurh Donetsk which played only first year in Vyshcha Liha. Quarter-finals already became a tradition for the team from Ternopil, as they reached this round for the fourth time in 7 competitions since start in 1992. The 1997–98 Ukrainian Cup was real metallurgical competition for Nyva as they played only with teams called "Metalurh": Round of 32 – Metalurh Nikopol (1–1, 4–1), Round of 16 – Metalurh Zaporizhia (1–2, 3–1), QF – Metalurh Donetsk (2–1, 0–1). The new promoted team from Donetsk became a real threat for that year. Ihor Yavorskyi resigned after the 29th match in league, so the last match of the season was played under Leonid Ishchuk as a head coach. Avtandil Kapanadze became top goalscorer 15 times finding the net. Such players like goalkeepers Yuriy Chumak and Yuriy Nikitenko, field players Andriy Kyrlyk, Ihor Biskup, Oleh Mishenin, Mykola Lapa, Vitaliy Kut, Vitaliy Pervak, Tariel Kapanadze, Yuriy Fokin, Mykola Zakotyuk, Bohdan Samardak, Serhiy Turyanskyi and Andriy Shpak also played a huge role in the last successful season in Vyshcha Liha in the 20th century.
Georgian colony and relegation.
Inspired by good results of Kapanadze brothers, team president of that time – Avtandil Mdinaradze, who is Georgian too began to sign players of same nationality. As a result, five new players from Georgia including Giorgi Davitnidze, Avtandil Gvianidze, Shalva Khujadze, Kakhaber Dgebuadze and Aleksandr Kaidarashvili became new players in 1997. Together with two Kapanadze brothers and Avtandil Sikharulidze who came last year new head coach Ihor Yurchenko registered 8 Georgian players for 1998–99 Vyshcha Liha. Two wins at the start of the season but only 13th place on the finish.
Financial problems began to be a main problem for the 1999–2000 season. Ihor Yurchenko left and Valeriy Bohuslavskyi was called to make things better. But now the team from Ternopil was an outsider and everyone saw "Zhovto-Zeleni" in the relegation zone in the end of season. Talented Georgians couldn't play well every match because the lack of discipline. Shalva Khujadze and Giorgi Davitnidze went back home and signed to FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi and FC Kolkheti-1913 Poti respectively and they were changed by their countrymen Shota Chomakhidze from FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi and Konstantin Metreveli. Muslim Agaýew and Yuri Magdiýew became first Turkmen legioners. Squad consisted of a lot of new names, because lack of money caused the departure of best players of the last years. Thirty-three years old goalkeeper Hennadiy Losev played 22 matches in 1999–2000 Vyshcha Liha, Ukrainian players Pavlo Filipenko, Oleksandr Boytsan, Mykola Lapa, Dmytro Mazur, Serhiy Kryvyi and all the foreign players played most matches of the club and struggled to avoid the relegation. Positive result came in the last match of the season. Nyva Ternopil had to play in Lviv in Halychyna Derby with Karpaty Lviv. Team from Ternopil won 1–0 with an own goal scored by Karpaty defender. Nyva finished in 12th place out of 16 teams and stayed in Vyshcha Liha for one season more. 1999-2000 Ukrainian Cup was lost in Round of 16 to Karpaty Lviv with 1–2 score in overtime.
Bohuslavskyi started to prepare team for the next season. Financial crisis hadn't been solved so the club couldn't hold their best players and sign new ones of high quality. Matviy Nykolaychuk came back to his old club after he left in 1995 for Chornomorets Odesa. Nyva Ternopil earned 6 points in the first 8 weeks of 2000-2001 Vyshcha Liha and Valeriy Bohuslavskyi had been sacked by club bosses after record scoring lose to current title holders Dynamo Kyiv 3–7. New old head coach Ihor Yavorskyi had been appointed in September 2000 after 2 years of departure. Players played remaining 5 matches of the first half of a season and earned 3 more points in the Halychyna Derby 5–2 win against Karpaty Lviv, where team veterans Avtandil Kapanadze scored twice and Matviy Nykolaychuk one time found the net. The winter break was the hardest time in club's history. Players didn't get their salaries and most of them left for more successful teams. Two new Georgian 19 years old youngsters Tengiz Ugrekhelidze and Irakli Shengelia signed contracts and many young players from the farm club FC Ternopil-Nyva-2 had been called to play for the main team for the second half of the season. In addition three Bulgarian players – defender Stanimir Stalev, midfielder Vasil Kolev from Botev Plovdiv and forward Yulian Neychev from PFC Svetkavitsa had been signed to help Nyva Ternopil to stay in Vyshcha Liha for the next season. Starting with two defeats in second half Yavorskyi resigned and new appointed head coach became club's legend Ihor Biskup, who started a season as a player and played in 4 matches in league. "Zhovto-Zeleni" lost in all remaining matches of the season, finished in the last 14th place and relegated to 2002–03 Ukrainian First League. As a result of bad financial situation 37 players played in the last season and 3 head coaches managed the club.
Lower leagues and new owners.
All foreign players left after relegation except 38 year old Tariel Kapanadze and Stanimir Stalev. The squad consisted of young and experienced players. Head coach Ihor Biskup, who almost turned 41, renewed his football career because the lack of players for the first team and became the oldest player ever played for Nyva. He started to build the team from young players from Ternopil, like 17 years old Taras Duray, 18 years old Vasyl Rybak, 19 years old Oleksandr Zhdakha, 20 years old goalkeeper Roman Hurin, Anatoliy Ptashnyk, Taras Litynskyi and experienced Pavlo Syrotin, Serhiy Laktionov, Stanislav Kozakov, Viktor Bohatyr, who couldn't struggle against relegation and dropped down to 2002-03 Ukrainian Second League from the bottom of 2001-02 Ukrainian First League.
Since the 2002–03 season, the club was taking part in the Druha Liha A and results were as follows:
2002–03 – 8th place, 2003–04 – 6, 2004–05 – 15, 2005–06 – 4.
The most notable players of that time were Roman Hurin, Serhiy Shymanskyi, who also managed the club in 2005, Ivan Papazov, Serhiy Sernetskyi, Andriy Hrinchenko, Oleksandr Zhdakha, Taras Duray, Denys Adleyba, Kostyantyn Lemishko, Andriy Nikanovych and veteran Lyubomyr Vovchuk.
Stadium.
Since moving to Ternopil for long period Nyva played its games at the main city sports facility, the City Stadium (Miskyi stadion).
In 2015–2016, the club played some of its games at Village Stadium (Silskyi stadion) in the neighboring village Velykyi Hai.
In 2017, the club moved away from Ternopil into a small city of Vyshnivets to the north of Ternopil Oblast.
Reserves and the Academy.
Nyva-2.
In 2024 Nyva created another "Nyva-2" team in cooperation with FC Sambir.
Nyva-Ternopil-2.
Its first reserve team Nyva created in 2000 which was based on a team of the local pedagogical school.

</doc>
<doc id="7010382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010382" title="Quiksilver (project)">
Quiksilver (project)



</doc>
<doc id="7010386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010386" title="Wright County, Quebec">
Wright County, Quebec



</doc>
<doc id="7010394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010394" title="Ula River">
Ula River



</doc>
<doc id="7010395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010395" title="Gardner Green Stevens">
Gardner Green Stevens

Gardner Green Stevens (December 13, 1814 – April 15, 1892) was a bank manager and Quebec political figure. He represented the Bedford division in the Senate of Canada from 1876 to 1892 as a member of the Liberal party.
He was born in Brompton, Lower Canada in 1814, the eldest son of Gardner Stevens and Deborah Harrington and brother of John H. Stevens. In 1835, at the age of 21, he became the manager of a farm, mill and store in Waterville for Charles Brooks. He married Relief Jane Spafford in 1847 and they resided in Waterville until 1854 when he moved his family to Frost Village, in Shefford County after being appointed agent for the British American Land Company. A couple of years later, he settled in Roxton Falls where he served as Councillor and Mayor.
In 1859, he became a branch manager for the Eastern Townships Bank which had recently opened a branch in Waterloo. Shortly after this, he was elected to the Shefford Township Council - a seat he held until Waterloo was incorporated as a village at which point he was elected to its first council. He was elected Mayor of Waterloo in 1870. Around this time, he was named a Director of the Eastern Townships Bank, and later became its vice-president. He was also a Director and Treasurer for the Stanstead, Shefford and Chambly Railroad.
Early in 1876, he was appointed to the Senate by Alexander Mackenzie, replacing Asa Belknap Foster. He died in office in 1892 and was buried in Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="7010400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010400" title="The Feather of Finist the Falcon">
The Feather of Finist the Falcon

The Feather of Finist the Falcon or Finist the Falcon () is a Russian fairy tale collected by Alexander Afanasyev in "Narodnye russkie skazki". It is Aarne–Thompson type 432, the prince as bird. Other tales of this type include The Green Knight, The Blue Bird, and The Greenish Bird. Variants of the tale are primarily known in Russia.
Synopsis.
A merchant asked his three daughters what they want him to bring them from the fair. The older two ask for dresses or shawls, but the youngest wants either the feather of Finist the Falcon or a red flower. In some variants, he went to the fair twice, able to bring back what her older sisters had asked for, but not hers, but she did not vary her request. In the third or first visit, he found the feather, or else found the flower and must promise that his daughter will marry Finist the Falcon for it. Whether the flower or the feather, the thing brought Finist the Falcon to her at night, and he wooed her. If she was given the flower, he gave her a feather that would magically aid her.
Her sisters discovered the visit; they might have spied, or she may have appeared in finer clothing, from use of the feathers, than they knew she had, or she may have appeared in church as a strange woman (like Cinderella at the ball) because of her rich clothing, and not hidden it quickly enough when she returned home. Once they became suspicious, they often listened and, hearing a man's voice, tried to persuade their father that their sister had a lover, but failed. However they discovered it, the sisters put knives in the window, so that he was injured. He said that she must search for him to find him, which would wear out three pairs of iron shoes, and three iron staves. He did not return. She sets out to find him.
She finds a hut with a witch (sometimes referred to as a Baba Yaga), who gives her a gift (such as a silver spinning wheel and a golden spindle), and sends her on to another witch. This witch gives her another gift (such as a silver dish and a golden egg), and sends her on to yet a third witch. This one gives her a third gift (such as a golden embroidery frame and a needle that sewed of itself), and sent her to the castle where Finist was to marry.
In some variants, she found someone trying to wash the blood from Finist's shirt and washed it herself. In all, she managed to trade the witches' gifts to the bride to let her stay a night with Finist. The princess either put a magical pin in his hair to keep him asleep or gave him a sleeping draught; the third night, either Finist is warned not to drink the draught, or the pin falls out. He woke and knew her.
In some variants, he asked the nobles whom he should marry: the woman who had sold him, or the woman who had bought him. They agreed the woman who bought him should have him.
In other variants, she went home to her father. When he and her sisters went to church, she dressed finely and went with Finist, and her sisters came back with stories of the prince and princess who came to church. The third time, her father saw the carriage stopped at his own door, and the daughter had to confess. She married Finist.
Translations.
The tale was translated as "The Little Feather of Finist the Bright Falcon" by Robert Nisbet Bain; as "The Bright-Hawk's Feather" by Nathan Haskell Dole, and as "Fenist the Bright-Eyed Falcon" by James Riordan.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The tale is classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as type ATU 432, "The Prince as Bird". In Russia, particularly, the tale type is known as "Finist iasnyi sokol" ("Finist the Bright Falcon), - also the name of type SUS 432 of the East Slavic Folktale Classification ().
Russian researcher Varvara Dobrovolskaya stated that type SUS 432 figures among some of the popular tales of enchanted spouses in the Russian tale corpus. Similarly, Russian scholar Vladimir Propp, in his work "The Russian Folktale", stated that the tale was "quite popular [in Russia]", with at least ten variants registered.
Motifs.
The falcon prince's name.
James Riordan, scholars Andreas Johns and Vladimir Propp related the name "Fenist" or "Finist" to the mythological Phoenix, and Riordan and Johns believed it to be a "corruption" of the latter's name. Particularly, Johns suggested that the bird's name (in Russian, "feniks") was brought into the folklore of Rus' by an external source, possibly written.
The heroine's journey.
According to Dobrovolskaya and Johns, after Finist flies to parts unknown, the heroine commissions iron garments from a smith and journeys to find Finist. On the way, she passes by the huts of three Baba Yagas and is gifted golden and silver objects (among which, distaff, spindle, yarn, combs, apples, a dish and an egg). The Baba Yagas also advise her to reach Finist's location, where his new wife is, and draw out the objects for her or her servants, which she must not sell, but trade them for one night with Finist. In the same vein, noted Swedish scholar that, in Russian variants of tale type 425, "The Search for the Lost Husband", the heroine's helpers are incarnations of Baba Yaga.
Variants.
The East Slavic Folktale Classification (), last updated in 1979 by folklorist , registers variants only in Russia.
Russia.
Dobrovolskaya also remarks that in regional variants from Karelia, Murmansk and Arkhangelsk, type 432 sometimes merges with type 425A, "The Search for the Lost Husband", where the heroine receives gifts from the witches (Yagas) and uses them to buy from a false bride three nights in her husband's bed.
Predecessor.
Professor Jack V. Haney stated that the tale first appeared in printed form in 1795, with the title "Сказка о финифтяном пёрушке ясного сокола". In this tale, a king has three daughters, the youngest called Marya Premudraya (Marya the Wise). One day, he has to go on a journey and asks what gifts he can bring them: the elder two ask for pretty dresses and Marya for the bright feather of a clear falcon, since she knows that Ivan-korolevich has been changed into one. The king gives Marya the feather, which she puts by her window, and Ivan, in bird form, flies in through her window. Later, Marya's sisters go to church and notice her sister is wearing fine dresses, then spy on her inside her room talking to Ivan. Some time later, when Marya is asleep, her sisters place blades and knives on the window, for the next time Ivan flies in. It happens as they plotted: Ivan, in bird form, hurts himself in the blades, writes a farewell message to Marya, and flies away to another kingdom. Marya wakes up, sees the blood on the window and reads his message, then commissions three iron garments, three iron canes and three iron wafers ('prosvir', in the original). Marya begins her quest and passes by the huts of three Baba Yagas spinning on chicken legs. The Baba Yagas tell Marya Ivan is their nephew, and has since married to another person. However, they still help Marya by giving them a silver saucer with a golden egg, a magic tablecloth that makes drinks appear and a towel that summons amusements. The third Baba Yaga advises her to stop by the garden when she reaches Ivan's city, and to trade the three objects for a night with her husband. Finally, Marya reaches another kingdom where Ivan-korolevich rules jointly with an Empress. Marya goes to the Empress's gardens and draws out the wonderful objects to attract the attention of the Empress. The woman goes to talk to Marya and wishes to have the objects, but Marya makes a deal: each object for one night with Ivan (the saucer and egg on the first day, the tablecloth on the second, and the towel on the third). To hinder Marya, the Empress tries to make Ivan drunk by giving him enough beverages, but he avoids her trap and pretends to fall asleep. Meanwhile, Marya tries to wake him up on the first two nights, but only manages it on the third. They talk the whole night and, the next day, Ivan takes Marya to his court. He then asks the assembled noblemen which woman he should keep: one that endured dangers and risked her life to find him, or one that sold him? The noblemen reply the first one, and Ivan leaves with Marya.
Regional tales.
Fenisno-Bright-Falcon-Feather.
Russian folklorist published a Russian tale titled "Фенисно-ясно-сокол-пёрышко" ("Fenisno-Bright-Falcon-Feather"), which he collected from Zholchin, a village in Ryazan. In this tale, a merchant has three daughters. One day, he plans to go to the market, and asks his daughters which presents he can bring them: the elder asks for some dress fabric, the middle one for a handkerchief, and the youngest for Fenisno-Bright-Falcon-Feather. The merchant finds only the elders' presents, forgetting the youngest's. The second time, the elder asks for a bracelet, the middle one for rings, and the youngest reiterates her request. Once again, her father forgets about the youngest's present. Lastly, he goes a third time to the market; the elder asks for a pair of satin shoes, the middle one for a ring and the youngest for the feather. After the third time, the merchant brings home the youngest's gift: the feather. Some time later, the girl's elder sisters notice that their cadette is spending too much time in her room with the feather, and decide to spy on her: they discover the feather summons a king's son. One night, they give enough drinks for their cadette to fall asleep, and place knives on the latter's window. The next time the bird prince flies in, he hurts himself in the knives. Badly injured, he leaves a message for the girl to look for him beyond 30 lands, and flies away. The girl wakes up, sees the blood on the window and begins to cry, then asks her father to allow her to go after Fenisno. She commissions three iron garments, three iron canes and three iron wafers, then begins her quest. She passes by the spinning huts of three Baba Yagas, who say Fenisno-Bright-Falcon-Feather is their relative, and each gives her a gift: the first a silver dish with a golden apple, the second a silver needle with golden thread, and the third a golden hoop with a self-sewing silver needle. Finally, the girl reaches the kingdom where Fenisno is, and sees a black-haired girl trying to wash Fenisno's bloodied shirt. The girl offers to wash the shirt, which she cleans up, but the black-haired girl takes the credit for the deed. Later, the merchant's daughter takes out the golden and silver objects to draw out the black-haired girl's attention, so she can trade them for three nights with Fenisno-Bright-Falcon-Feather. the merchant's daughter tries to wake Fenisno on the first two nights, but fails, and only manages to wake him up on the third night. The next morning, the whole court is assembled, and Fenisno asks them which wife he should be with, one that sold him, or with the one that went looking for him with iron garments. The guests reply he should be with the wife that "sweated blood" for him. Agreeing with their answer, Fenisno orders the execution of the second wife, and marries the merchant's daughter.
The Feather of Bright Finist the Falcon.
Folklorist Jeremiah Curtin translated a Russian variant from Vologda with the title "The Feather of Bright Finist the Falcon". In this version, the third daughter asks for a red flower, which acts as the object that summons "Bright Finist the Falcon of Flowery Feathers". Her father finds the flower and gives it to his third daughter, with a reminder that the flower was a wedding gift from Finist himself. That night, the girl is visited by Finist, who flies in through her window. At dawn, before he departs, Finist gives the girl one of his feathers. At three consecutive Sundays, the girl's family goes to mass, and she, at home, uses Finist's feather to create beautiful dresses for her to go to church with. The sisters overhear a secret conversation between the lovers and place knives by the window. Finist flies in, hurts his foot, and rushes back to his kingdom. After days of his absence, the girl decides to go after him. On her journey, the heroine learns that Finist has been betrothed to a Tsar's daughter, and meets three Baba Yagas in their chicken-legged huts. Each Baba Yaga gives the heroine a gift: the first, a golden hammer and diamond nails; the second, a golden plate with a diamond ball; and the third, her quick steed. The heroine uses the gifts to buy three nights with her husband from the Tsar's daughter (the false bride).
Bright Feather of Fifilis.
In a Russian tale collected by ethnographer Dmitry Zelenin from Vyatka Governorate with the title "Фифилисно ясно перышко" ("Bright Feather of Fifilis"), a man's third daughter goes to church in fine clothes, astonishing everyone in attendance. Later, her father asks what presents he can buy his three daughters: the elder two ask for dresses, and the youngest for the bright feather of Fifilis. After she gains the feather, Fifilis flies in through her window and gives her another dress to go to church with. The next day, when she is at church, her sisters place knives in the windowsill for the next time he comes. Fifilis flies and is hurt in the blades, then asks his beloved to search for him beyond three mountains and three lakes. The girl goes after him in iron garments and with iron wafers, and meets three old women on spinning chicken-legged huts. The women state that Fifilis is to be married to Baba Yaga's daughter. The girl is given a golden egg with a dish, which she uses to trade for a night with Fifilis. Baba Yaga's daughter allows for their encounter; Fifilis dismisses Baba Yaga's daughter and lives with the girl.
Finist - Bright Falcon (Korolkova) 1.
In a tale collected from writer and storyteller with the title "Финист — Ясный Сокол" ("Finist - Bright Falcon"), a widowed peasant has three daughters; his youngest, called Maryushka, helps him to manage the farm, while the elder two occupy themselves with decorating themselves with make-up and dresses. One day, the man has to go to the market, and asks what presents he can bring them: the elder two ask for a shawl and another with golden flowers, while Maryushka asks for the feather of Finist, the Bright Falcon. The man finds the shawls, but cannot find the feather. The next time, the elder two ask for boots with silver horseshoes, while the youngest reiterates her request. The third time, the elder two ask for dresses and again Maryushka asks for the same feather. The girls' father finds the dresses, but cannot seem to find the feather, until he meets an old man just outside the city, who has the feather and gives it to the man. The man returns home with the gifts: the elder two mock Maryushka's request, but the girl pays no heed to them and goes to her room. When the house is asleep, Maryushka throws the feather to the ground and summons Finist: he comes in by the window as a falcon and leaves by morning. Their meetings continue for three days, but on the fourth, the elder sisters learn about the encounters and place knives by the windowsill, while Maryushka is asleep. Finist tries to fly in to her beloved's room, but is hurt by the knives. He says he can be found if one wears down three pairs of iron shoes, three iron staves and three iron hats, then departs. Maryushka heard Finist's word and wakes up, but the falcon has flown away, leaving only a trail of blood on the knives. After a while, Maryushka decides to go after Finist, commissions the iron equipment, and begins a journey through fields, forests and mountains, until she reaches a clearing where a chicken-legged hut lies, a Baba Yaga living inside. The Baba Yaga explains that Finist is living in a distant kingdom, married to a sorceress queen that bewitched him, and gives the girl a silver saucer with a golden egg, for her to use to trade for a night with Finist. Maryushka continues her journey, despite the danger; a cat appears to her and tells her to soldier on, and she reaches the hut of a second Baba Yaga in a deep, dark forest, where she is given a silver hoop and a golden needle that sews with gold and silver in crimson velvet. Finally, she continues until she reaches another clearing, after a dog encourages her to keep walking, and meets a third Baba Yaga, who gives her a self-moving golden spindle with a silver bottom that spins golden thread. After meeting the Baba Yagas, a gray wolf appears to help Maryushka, and takes her on its back to a crystal tower, and bids her hire herself as a servant to the sorceress queen. Maryushka offers her services to the queen as a spinning woman. At night, she takes out the silver saucer and golden egg to check on Finist, and cries for him. The queen overhears her tearful words and wishes to have the silver saucer, but Maryushka trades it for one night with Finist. She tries to wake him up, to no avail. The next day, the girl uses the silver hoop and golden needle to embroider a nice towel for him, when the queen overhears her and wishes to have the marvellous object. Again, Maryushka trades for a night with him, and again he is sound asleep. On the third day, Maryushka trades the golden spindle for a final night with Finist, but he is fast asleep. When the day is nearly dawning, her tears fall on his shoulder, creating a burning sensation that wakes him up. Finist sees Maryushka and they make their way out of the kingdom, but the queen spots them and calls the princes and merchants for an official meeting. During the gathering, Finist poses them a question: which is better, a wife that loves, or one that sells and deceives? The assembly answers that Maryushka is the better wife for him, and Finist remains with her.
Fenist-Bright Falcon (Korolkova) 2.
In another tale collected from Anna N. Korolkova with the title "Фенист-Ясный Сокол" ("Fenist-Bright Falcon"), a rich peasant lives with his three daughters, the youngest named Maryushka. The girl is also the most diligent and busies herself with doing the household chores. One day, he tells them he has to go to the market, and asks his daughters what gifts he can bring them: the elder two ask for shawls decorated with flowers, while Maryushka asks for the feather of Fenist Bright Falcon. The first time he goes to the market, he cannot find the gift for his youngest. The next time, his elder daughters ask for a pair of boots, one gold and the other silver, and Maryusha reiterates her request. Once again, he cannot seem to find the feather. Lastly, he goes a third time to the market; his elder two ask for sundresses and an apron. While still looking for the feather of Fenist, the rich peasant meets an old man carrying a box under his arm. The old man says he has the feather, but it is most prized possession, and prophecizes that whoever has the feather shall be his son's bride. The peasant barters with him and buys the feather. He brings the presents back to his daughters and gives Maryusha the feather. The girl takes out the feather and it becomes a prince. They talk for a while, until the prince says he will fly for a while in the air. Maryushka opens the window for him, he beats the ground and becomes a bird. While he is away, Maryushka's sisters overhear their conversation and report to her father. The man spins a story about needing to go to his daughter's room to check her dead mother's caftan for moths, but Maryushka says she already did it for him, then goes to sleep. Her sisters seize the opportunity to place knives in the window, and Fenist flies in the blades, injuring himself. He proclaims that whoever wants to find him shall wear out three iron dresses, three iron caps and three iron canes, then flies away. Maryushka wakes up and sees the blood on the window, then tells her father she plans to go to Jerusalem on a pilgrimage. Her father agrees. Maryushka commissions the iron garments from a blacksmith and begins her quest through fields, forests and meadows. On her journey, she passes by the spinning huts of three Baba Yagas, who each give her a gift: the first a silver saucer with a golden egg, the second a silver paddle for a loom and a golden spindle, and the third a silver hoop and a self-sewing golden needle that can embroider patterns in crimson velvet. The third also lends Maryushka a gray wolf that will carry her to the kingdom where Fenist is. The wolf carries Maryushka to Fenist's kingdom, and she finds work there as a maidservant to his new wife. Maryushka trades the Baba Yagas' wonderful objects for three nights with Fenist, and manages to wake him up on the third. Fenist and Maryushka change into a pair of blue-gray doves and fly away to Maryushka's home. As they land, Fenist gives her another feather, and she has but to wave it. One day, she wants to go to church, and waves Fenist's feather to summon a carriage and a wonderful dress. She also decorates her hair with diamonds and pearls and goes to church. There, her elder sisters notice the mysterious attendant, and back home tell Maryushka about it. They notice their cadette's hair decoration and suspect she was at church, so decide to spy on her: they see Fenist fly in as a bird, and place sharp knives and daggers on the window. Fenist is hurt again, and tells Maryushka to wear out three pairs of iron shoes, three iron caps, three iron canes and three iron wafers in search for him. Maryushka tells her father she wishes to go to Jerusalem on a pilgrimage again, and meets the same Baba Yagas, who tell her this time Fenist has married the "mistress of the sea". The Yagas give her a brocade towel and a golden egg, a golden hammer and twelve diamond nails, and a horse with a crown, and advise her to wait for the mistress of the sea to come out of the water, and trade her the wonderful objects for three nights with Fenist. Finally, Maryushka reaches a beautiful beach with a bush nearby, and waits for mistress of the sea to appear. She comes out of the water and sees Maryushka with the towel, wishing to have it. Maryushka trades it for one night with Fenist, and goes to the mistress's underwater crystal palace. She fails to wake him up on the first night, trades the hammer and nails for a second night, and also cannot wake Fenist. Lastly, she trades the horse, which can eat hot coals, with the mistress of the sea, and wakes Fenist. Fenist reunites with Maryushka, and convenes with a synod to ask them which is better: to live with a wife that sells or with one that buys? The synod agrees a wife that buys is better to live with, and Fenist takes Maryushka back to his kingdom.
Finist - Bright Falcon (Nizhny Novgorod).
Russian folklorist collected a tale from Nizhny Novgorod with the title "Финист-ясен сокол" ("Finist - Bright Falcon"). In this tale, a father is going to the bazaar and asks his three daughters what he can buy them. The elder asks for a handkerchief, the middle one for earring and the youngest, named Mashenka, for Finist-Bright Falcon. The father finds his youngest daughter a falcon: he remains a bird by day, and a human by night. Her sisters begin to hate the bird, and Finist decides to fly back to his kingdom to bring gifts for her. He flies and returns, but loses most of his feathers and has to fly back. Mashenka goes out of the door and tries to call him out with a song. Finist goes back and brings gifts for Mashenka.
About Filist (Pudozh).
In a tale from Pudozh titled "Про Филиста" ("About Filist"), a pair of siblings live with their father. The brother lulls his sister to sleep by singing a song about a future suitor for her: Filist, the Bright Falcon. She grows up and questions her brother about this Filist, but the brother, now older, dismisses it as a figment of his childhood. He goes to heat up the bath house and an old man tells him how his sister can find Filist: she is to follow three horses that will lead her to Filist. The horses stop by a barn, everything unlit inside. The girl finds a hut in the back of the property and meets a witch there. The witch tells her that Filist is indeed handsome, with hair of gold and silver, and gives her some matches to see him at night. The girl goes to the barn and lights up the matches to see him, but a spark falls in his hair and he disappears. The girl goes back to the witch in the backyard and she admonishes the girl, for now she has to endure three years of searching with iron boots, iron canes, iron bread. The girl goes to a smith to fashion the iron accessories and begins her quest. She goes to the huts of the witch's sisters, and gains from each a golden object: a golden reel, a golden spinning wheel, and a golden spindle. At last she finds Filist, but he is under the power of the Yaghi-Baba, which the girl bribes her with the golden objects for three nights with him. Despite the name of the male character, typical of Russian type 432, the compiler noted that the tale was closer to type 425A.
The Feather of Fefelist.
In a Russian tale collected in Bashkortostan with the title "Фефелисто перышко" ("The Feather of Fefelist"), an old couple has three daughters. One day, the man prepares to go to the market, and asks his daughters what they want as return gifts: the elder asks for a gown or a sarafan, the middle one for a "китаечки", and the youngest for the bright feather of Fefelist. At the market, he finds presents for the elder two, but cannot find the feather. He meets an old woman in the streets who gives him the feather, and says the girl is to open the window. The man returns home and gives the presents to his daughters, the youngest getting the feather and being mocked by her sisters. Some time later, the family goes to church on a Sunday, hit the youngest daughter with a ladle and leave her. She takes the opportunity to summon Fefelist, who comes in by the window and gives her nice clothes to go to church mass. The people admire her, and she says she comes from the "ladle", then returns home. One the next Sunday, she is hit in the head with a bar of soap, summons Fefelist to give her nice clothes, goes to mass and says she comes from the country of "soap", and on the third Sunday, she is hit by a comb, goes to church with clothes Fefelist provided, and says she is from the country of "comb". On hearing this, the elder sisters realize the guest is their younger sister, and go back home to spy on the girl and Fefelist. On the fourth Sunday, the sisters place needles on the windowsill, Fefelist tries to fly in and is hurt, then makes a turn and flies back home. The girl goes after him and reaches the spinning house of a Baba Yaga, who takes her in, gives her three pairs of boots, three wafers and three canes so she could walk to Baba Yaga's sister. The girl continues on her journey and travels to the second Baba Yaga, who gives her a ball to throw and follow to the third sister. Lastly, she goes to the third sister, a very old lady, who says Fefelist will have a wedding tomorrow, and gives the girl a spinning wheel she must trade for a night with Fefelist. The girl takes the spinning wheel and bribes a young woman to have access to Fefelist. Fefelist meets his former lover, but refuses to take her back, thinking she tried to kill him. Next, the third old lady gives her a splendid reel the girl trades for a second night, and even tries to persuade Fefelist, but again he refuses. Finally, the girl is given a silver saucer with a golden egg. The young woman at first refuses to let Fefelist go, but relents and lets Fefelist go back with his first beloved, and both move out to a city.
Finist (Dobrovolskaya).
In a tale collected by researcher V. E. Dobrovolskaya from an informant named Konstantina Vasilyevicha Nyrkova with the title "Финист" ("Finist"), in a certain kingdom a man lives with his three smart daughters. One day, he has to go to the market and asks what gifts he can bring back: the elder two ask for garments, while the youngest asks for the feather of bright falcon Finist. The man finds the garments in the market, but cannot seem to find the feather, until an old man appears and offers him one. The man returns home and gives his daughters the respective gifts, the youngest gaining the feather. She goes to her room and throws it on the floor; Finist flies in as a bird, jumps on the floor and becomes a prince. They spend nights like this, with Finist bringing gifts. One day, however, the elder sisters learn about the clandestine encounters and place knives and needles on the window. The next time Finist appears, he hurts himself in the blades and makes a escape back to his kingdom. His human beloved wakes up and spots the blood on the window, then decides to go after Finist. The girl traverses a dense forest and finds a hut spinning on chicken legs. Inside, a Baba Yaga welcomes her. The girl tells of her problems, and Baba Yaga gives her three magical objects: a golden apple that rolls over a plate and reveals images; a self-threading spindle, and a self-sewing needle. The witch also points her the direction to Finist's kingdom. The girl arrives there at last, and finds out that Finist is to be married to a neighbouring princess. The girl takes out the magical objects and trades them with the princess for three nights with Finist, each object for each night. On the first two nights, the princess gives Finist a sleeping potion, so he cannot react to the girl's pleas. On the third night, the girl's hot tears fall on Finist's face and he wakes up. They recognize each other, and expel the princess.
Fetist - Bright Falcon (Kovalev).
In a tale collected from Russian storyteller with the title "Фетист-Ясный Сокол" ("Fetist - Bright Falcon"), a man has three beautiful daughters. One day, he has to go to the fair in a distant town, and asks his daughters what presents he can bring them: the elder two wish for nice clothes, while the youngest, Masha, keeps her peace. Their father insists she asks for something, and she requests a scarlet flower. The man then departs and buys the clothes for his elder daughters, but cannot seem to find the scarlet flower. On the journey back, he helps an old man on the road and tells him about his problem. The old man produces a scarlet flower and gives the man, but with a condition: Masha must marry the old man's son, since the flower is a betrothal gift to whichever girl requests it. The man takes in this information, and returns home to deliver the gifts to his daughters. The elder two admire their dresses and mock Masha. Later, the family goes to church and leave Masha at home. The girl stays in her room and admires the scarlet flower, when she waves it and suddenly a falcon flies in through the window, falls to the ground, and becomes a human prince. They introduce themselves: Masha says she is Marya Ivanova, and the prince says he is Fetist, the Bright Falcon, who can be summoned to his bride by simply waving the flower. After three months of secret meetings, Masha asks Fetist about his background: for refusing to marry a sorceress, he was cursed into falcon form for three years, and Masha has to keep him a secret, so the curse can be lifted after the appointed time. At that precise moment, Masha's family has come back home, and Fetist flies away as a falcon, which is heard by the elder sisters. The girls ask her cadette about a stranger in their house, and notice Fetist's feather in the ground. Later, Masha's father tries to have a frank conversation with her, saying she spends too much time in her room, and, after he brought the flower, they had never seen her fiancée. Masha then blabs about her secret lover Fetist, and the man, in falcon form, appears by her window. Fetist admonishes her about telling their secret, when he had but a week left, and, if Masha wishes to see him again, she will have to wear out iron boots and an iron cane. Fetist departs, and leaves Masha to her fate. After a period of grief, Masha decides to search for Fetist: her father gives her his blessings, she commissions from a blacksmith the iron equipments, and begins her journey. She reaches a deep forest, and meets a very old Baba Yaga in her spinning chicken-legged hut. After spending a night there, the first Baba Yaga gives Masha a ball she has to throw and follow to her elder sister, and bids her trade Masha's scarlet flower with the second Baba Yaga. Masha follows her instructions and meets the second Baba Yaga, who gives her a pipe to use if the third Baba Yaga forces Masha on some tasks, and directs her there. Masha reaches the third Baba Yaga sister, named Yaga Yagshina, and is made to herd her stallions for three days. As soon as each day dawns, the stallions scatter through the forest, but Masha uses the pipe to herd them back, by summoning bees (on the first day), wasps (on the second day) and strands of wool (on the third day) that sting the horses to draw them back to Masha's position. For this, Yaga Yagishina rewards Masha with a gilded plate with earrings and three golden apples, and points Masha to a crystal palace in a clearing where the sorceress that cursed Fetist lives, and Masha is to use the objects to trade for three nights with Fetist. Yaga Yagshina also gives her a ball for her to Masha to throw and follow to reach the sorceress's palace. The girl does and reaches the crystal palace, where Fetist is, and notices her iron equipments are worn down. Following Yaga Yagshina's advice, Masha takes out the golden objects and bribes the sorceress for an hour with Fetist each night (the earring for the first; the golden apples for the second, and the golden plate for the third). However, Fetist lies asleep for the whole of three nights, since the sorceress gave him a sleeping potion. On the third night, however, Masha's tears fall on Fetist's cheek and touches his heart, managing to awake him. Fetist opens his eyes and recognizes his bride Masha, then dismisses the sorceress. At last, the couple returns to their homeland and marry in a grand feast.
Feni-Falcon (Nekrasov Cossacks).
Folklorist collected a variant of the story from the Nekrasov Cossacks with the title "Фени-Сокол" ("Feni-Falcon"). In this tale, a hunter lives with his wife and three daughters. One day, when the girls are old enough, the man announces he will go to the "panair" to sell some animal furs, and asks the girls which presents he can bring back: the elder asks for a silken summer dress, the middle one for some silken shirts, and the youngest, named Masha, for the feather of Feni-Falcon. The man goes to the bazaar, sells the furs and buys the garments for his elder daughters, but cannot find Feni's feather. On the way back, a man approaches the hunter and offers him the feather. The hunter goes back home and gives the gifts to his three daughters. Masha summons Feni by using the feather, and they have secret encounters. One day, Feni tells Masha he will appear by midnight. Her sisters learn of the meeting and place needles by the window. Feni fly in and hurts himself in the trap, then tells Masha to find him beyond nine kingdoms, in the hut of an old woman Proskunchikha, then departs. Masha prepares herself for the journey, asking her father to make three staves and three pairs of shoes, and for her mother to bake three loaves of bread. She ventures into the forest and meets three very old Baba Yagas in their huts on the way to old woman Proskunchikha. After a long search, Masha reaches the hut of old woman Proskunchikha, who tells her Feni has married a witch woman named Baba Yaga, and gives her golden objects (including a golden comb and a golden saucer with an egg) to trade for three nights with Feni, one object before each night. The witch woman is alerted of Masha's presence by her servants, and agrees to a deal. Masha enters Feni's bedroom and tries to wake him up, to no avail, since Baba Yaga has given him a soporific drink. On the third and final night, Feni wakes up and spends the night with Masha. The next day, Masha tries to leave, but Feni says she should not worry, ties Baba Yaga to a horse and releases the animal into the wilderness, taking the witch woman with it. Feni and Masha are then married. According to Tumilevich's notes, the tale is "popular" ('популярна', in the original) among the Nekrasov Cossacks.
The Feather of Bright Falcon Fiofis.
In a Russian tale collected from a Russian Siberian source with the title "Фиофисного ясного сокола перышко" ("The Feather of Bright Falcon Fiofis"), a tsar has three daughters, one of them lives alone. Her two sisters pay her a visit and question themselves how their sister managed to get a feather of the Bright Falcon Fiofis, and how they meet. One night, the girl sees her sisters off and goes to wait for Fiofis. The falcon flies in to her window, but gets entangled in her window, asking the girl, called Marfita-tsarevna (Princess Marfita), to come find him in the tenth kingdom. Marfita goes after Fiofis and finds a yurt spinning on legs, which she commands to stop. Marfita enters the yurt and asks its denizen, an old woman, if she saw Fiofis. She says no, and Marfita continues on her journey. She reaches another spinning yurt, then asks another old woman if she saw the Falcon Fiofis. The old woman says that the self-playing gusli is playing in Marfita's honour, and hides her in a chest. Soon enough, Falcon Fiofis flies in the yurt, and self-playing gusli plays the notes. The old woman takes out Marfita from the chest and the couple reunite. They take the old woman and her mother, and everyone rides back home.
Perm.
In a tale from Perm Krai with the title "Фифилисто ясно перышко" ("Fifilist, Bright Feather"), a father wants to gift his three daughters presents, and the youngest asks for Fifilist Bright Feather. The man does not seem to find the object on the first two trips, only on the third. After the girl gets Fifilist Bright Feather, she summons him by her window with a song and he comes to give her beautiful dresses to go to church with. The girl goes to church twice and is not recognized by her sisters, but on the third time she tells them she was the girl in beautiful dresses. On the fourth time, the sister place scissors by the window, Fifilist is hurt by the blades and flies back to wherever he comes from. The girl decides to go after him and meets Baba Yaga in her hut. Baba Yaga gives the heroine three eggs and three bowls, one of copper on the first time, silver on the second and gold on the third, and advises her to trade them for three nights with Fifilist, who is living with Baba Yaga's daughters.
Russian linguist Dmitry Zelenin published a tale from Perm Gubernia with the title "Сказка о Дуньке-дурке и Ясном Соколе" ("The Tale of Dunka-Durka and the Bright Falcon"). In this tale, an old man and an old woman live with their three daughters, the youngest, Dunka, called a fool by the elder two. One day, their father goes to the market and asks his daughters what he can buy them: the elder asks for a ribbon, the middle one for a handkerchief, and Dunka for Bright Falcon. The man gets a feather of Bright Falcon to Dunka. One day, the Bright Falcon flies in to Dunka's room and gives her beautiful dresses she wears to go to church. Eventually, Dunka's sisters discover the Bright Falcon's clandestine visits to their sister, and place knives on the windowsill. The next time the bird comes in, he pricks his body on the blades and injures himself, then flies back whence he came. When Dunka enters her room, she sees the blood on the window and decides to go after him. Dunka passes by the huts of three Baba Yagas: the first Baba Yaga tells the girl how the Bright Falcon married the granddaughter of the third Baba Yaga; the second gives the girl a golden preshenka (spinning wheel), a silver spindle and a golden pail and jug, and advises her to use the objects to trade for three nights with the third Baba Yaga's granddaughter. Dunka fails on the first two nights, but manages on the third one; the Bright Falcon wakes up and escapes with the girl from Baba Yaga's granddaughter's clutches.
Karelia.
In a Russian-language tale from Vodlozero with the title "Марья-запечница" ("Marya-Zapechnitsa"), a merchant has three daughters, Anna, Tanya and Marya-Zapechnitsa, who sits by the stove. One day, he is ready to go on a business trip, and asks his daughters what gifts he can bring them: the elder asks for silk, the middle one for cashmere, and Marya asks for Philist, the Bright Falcon. The merchant brings home their presents. Some time later, Marya's sisters go to church on a Sunday, but she stays home. After they leave, Philist gives Marya fine clothes for her to go to church. Marya goes and her sisters do not recognize her. On the third Sunday, Marya goes to church and forgets her ring there, which her sisters recognize as belonging to her. Anna and Tanya take Philist away from her and the bird flies away. Marya then decides to look for him. She wanders off until she reaches a hut on chicken legs and meets its owner, an old woman. The woman gives her a golden spindle and a spinning wheel, and tells her to seek a nearby old lady named Egibaba with her two daughters, and trade the objects for one night with Philist. Marya trades the spindle with Egibaba's daughters, enters Philist's room and tries to wake him up, to no avail, since he was given a soporific wine. The next night, she trades the spinning wheel and manages to wake him up.
Bulgaria.
Variants of type 432 also exist in the Bulgarian Folktale Catalogue with the name "Сокол съпруг" ("Falcon husband"), which reference Finist as the bird prince.

</doc>
<doc id="7010403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010403" title="Lastochkino gnezdo">
Lastochkino gnezdo



</doc>
<doc id="7010407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010407" title="Lane Carson">
Lane Carson

Lane Anderson Carson (born August 21, 1947, in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA) is a licensed building contractor, real estate broker, and attorney in private practice who resides in Covington, the parish seat of St. Tammany Parish.
Career.
Carson was 1st Platoon Leader, A Company, 1/11 Infantry, 5th Mech Infantry Division during the Vietnam War. He was wounded in operation Dewey Canyon II (Lam Son 719), discharged and returned home. He received the Purple Heart, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Vietnam Service Medal and Combat Infantryman Badge.

</doc>
<doc id="7010408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010408" title="Uk schools of pharmacy">
Uk schools of pharmacy



</doc>
<doc id="7010416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010416" title="Quiksilver (system)">
Quiksilver (system)



</doc>
<doc id="7010417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010417" title="Hole in the Earth">
Hole in the Earth

"Hole in the Earth" is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones. The song was released as the first single from their fifth album, "Saturday Night Wrist", and appeared as the album's opening track.
Background.
Moreno wrote "Hole in the Earth" about his frustration with the rest of the band during the writing process of the album. He felt that the other members were bothering him over how long it was taking to finish the record, and Moreno expressed his dismay with his bandmates in the song with the lyric: "I hate all of my friends, they all lack taste". 
In a 2016 interview with "Spin", Moreno acknowledged that, "in their defense, they probably hated me at that time, too ... At that point, the disconnect was so strong and that record took three years to get finished and basically everybody just came in and did their part and left, including myself."
Reception.
"Hole in the Earth" was released to radio airplay in 2006. It charted relatively well, peaking at No. 18 and No. 19 in "Billboard"'s Alternative Songs and Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks charts, respectively, and in 69th position in the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
A music video was filmed for the single, directed by Brian Lazzaro.
Personnel.
Deftones
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7010421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010421" title="Agent 327">
Agent 327

Agent 327 is a Dutch action comedy comic series by cartoonist Martin Lodewijk. It was a regular feature from 1966 until 1983, and again from 2000 to the present. The eponymous Agent 327 is a James Bond/Maxwell Smart-like Dutch secret agent who fights for "Righteousness and World Peace"; his looks are based on the character of Peter Gunn. Often partnered with the junoesque Olga Lawina (an agent of the Swiss Secret Service), his adventures take him around Europe and the rest of the world as he battles numerous villains, both fictional and parodies of real people.
The song "Denk toch altijd met liefd' aan je moeder" by Gerda en Herman Timmerhout is a common feature in the comic, and is often used to hideously torture someone or provide a plot-turning emotional reaction.
Publication history.
"Agent 327" debuted in 1966 as a feature in "Pep" magazine #21, written and drawn by Martin Lodewijk and published by Geïllustreerde Pers. "Agent 327" ran in "Pep" as a weekly 4-8-page feature until 1975, when "Pep" and the comics magazine "Sjors" merged into "Eppo", published by Oberon.
Meanwhile, in 1970 Geïllustreerde Pers published the first "Agent 327" album, titled "Dossier Stemkwadrater". Further albums followed every few years, continuing under Oberon after "Pep"'s acquisition.
"Agent 327" was cancelled as a feature in "Eppo" in 1983, but returned in 2000 as a regular feature. In 2009, Agent 327 returned to "Eppo" as a regular feature.
Other versions.
Agent 327: Operation Barbershop.
On May 15, 2017, the Blender Foundation released a teaser trailer that was almost four minutes long, for an upcoming animated feature film based on the comic. It stars 327 as he investigates a barbershop, battles his nemesis Boris, and learns the dangerous truth about the shop. The 3-minute film was released online as a proof of concept to attract funding for a feature-length adaptation.
The trailer won 11 film awards for best short film or best animated short film.
At the Blender Conference in November 2017, producer Ton Roosendaal mentioned that the film industry really loved the trailer. It was fresh, new and had potential. The original story for the film didn't resonate in Hollywood, and a new story was developed that was solid enough to transform into a script. Roosendaal revealed the working title of the full feature film as: "Agent 327, The Case of the Einstein Enigma". In January 2018, an alternative ending to the trailer was published.
Tribute stories.
Between 2017 and 2019, "Eppo" pre-published twenty-one shorties drawn and scripted by others. They were released as two volumes.
Translation.
The agent's name has been changed in several languages:

</doc>
<doc id="7010426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010426" title="CHICOS">
CHICOS

The California High School Cosmic Ray Observatory, (abbreviated "CHICOS", for California HIgh school Cosmic ray ObServatory), operated by the Kellogg Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California, United States, is an ongoing Cosmic Ray observatory program. It is known for its large network within the Los Angeles County area, based mainly on high school sites carrying cosmic ray detector units, though there are also detector units on associated elementary schools and middle schools.
Mission.
The CHICOS project blends scientific research with broadly-based educational outreach. CHICOS is an active research array for the detection of Ultra-high-energy cosmic ray. The array as presently deployed has already seen extended air showers, and the soon-to-be-completed CHICOS 90 array will observe with large aperture in the energy range from 1018 to 1021 eV, with the angular resolution to address questions of clustering in several years of run time.
The events CHICOS is designed to observe are single subatomic particles slamming into the Earth's atmosphere with the energy of a brick falling from a rooftop. These Ultra-high-energy cosmic ray, or UHECRs, interact with the atmosphere to produce large showers of secondary particles at the surface of the Earth. Detection of UHECRs therefore depends on an array of particle sensors deployed like a net over many square kilometers to catch the incoming shower. In the CHICOS project, schools across the Los Angeles area provide the "net" of detector sites with ready-made infrastructure and a valuable population of teachers and students who participate in the project.
Shmoos (Cosmic Ray Detector Units).
The detectors used in the CHICOS program are specially called "Shmoos" because of their similarity in shape to the cartoon character Shmoo. Each school site generally has two of these Shmoos set on their campus, to help gather accurate particle shower data. The Shmoos are the most important part of the CHICOS project, and their setup requires accurate measurements and careful construction from the inside-out. Shmoos are generally set up at the Kellogg Radiation Laboratory and sent to schools. High school students have the chance to participate in the assembly process. Once the Shmoos are installed, the on-site teachers and students assist with their repair and maintenance. At a school site, Shmoos are generally put not too far from each other, with the two Shmoos connected via cables to the associated computer provided with the detectors.
Future.
CHICOS has a data collection system that is recording all the large cosmic ray showers that fall within the array. The information that is collected from the Cosmic Ray detectors from different schools are combined to reconstruct cosmic ray events. These events are analyzed to create histograms of cosmic ray incidents, including a sky-map that would indicate the spread of cosmic rays directions from outer space, with each shower that is recorded indicating a cosmic event. The goal of CHICOS is to be able to trace these cosmic rays back to their source, and understand what it exactly is that produces UHECRs. This quest remains one of the top eleven unsolved mysteries in physics today. In the future, more schools in the Los Angeles area are joining this program, more data will be collected and a more complete sky-map will be graphed. More detailed studies of CHICOS data and matches with astronomical research will provide progress toward a better understand of the nature cosmic rays and the universe.
Sponsorship.
IBM donated a significant fraction of the computers used in data collection at each site. Ongoing operational expenses of the project are provided by the National Science Foundation.
CHICOS actively seeks additional grants, both public and private, to enable expansion and better educational support as described above.

</doc>
<doc id="7010429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010429" title="Salto de Guairá">
Salto de Guairá



</doc>
<doc id="7010433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010433" title="Frank Linzy">
Frank Linzy

Frank Alfred Linzy (born September 15, 1940) is an American former professional baseball player, used almost exclusively as a relief pitcher. Over the course of his Major League Baseball (MLB) career, Linzy played for the San Francisco Giants (; –), St. Louis Cardinals (–), Milwaukee Brewers (–), and Philadelphia Phillies (). He batted and threw right-handed.
Major league career.
In Linzy's first full MLB season (), he finished 13th in voting for the NL Most Valuable Player (won by his teammate, Willie Mays) and 3rd in voting for Rookie of the Year (won by Dodger Jim Lefebvre). That year, the hard-throwing righty had arguably his best season, in which he tallied a 9–3 win–loss (W-L) record, 57 games (G), 40 games finished (GF), 21 saves (SV), 81 innings pitched (IP), allowing 76 hits (H), 19 runs (R), 13 earned runs (ER), 2 home Runs (HR), 23 walks (BB), notching 35 strikeouts (SO), hitting 3 batsmen (HBP), making 5 wild pitches (WP), facing 334 batters (BFP), yielding 8 intentional walks (IBB), and posting a 1.43 earned run average (ERA).
Linzy had only two games started (GS), over 11 MLB seasons. But he was not a "closer," in the modern sense of the word; Linzy was more of a 1960s "fireman," in that the Giants called upon him at any time — not just in the 9th inning — but in the 7th, the 8th, or whenever the opposition was threatening to score late in a tight game. In and , Linzy was especially effective over the closing weeks in those two heated pennant races.
Linzy's big league totals include a record of 62–57 W-L, 516 G, 2 GS, 342 GF, 110 SV, 817 IP, 790 H, 315 R, 259 ER, 35 HR, 282 BB, 358 SO, 14 HBP, 30 WP, 3,454 BFP, 97 IBB, 1 balk (BK), and a 2.85 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="7010434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010434" title="New York State Route 96A">
New York State Route 96A

New York State Route 96A (NY 96A) is a state highway in Seneca County, New York, in the United States. It is a north–south road between Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake, two of the Finger Lakes. NY 96A is two lanes wide for most of its length, with the exception of the long four-lane divided highway section at the northern end. The southern terminus of NY 96A is at an intersection with NY 96 in the village of Interlaken. Its northern terminus is at a junction with the conjoined routes of U.S. Route 20 (US 20) and NY 5 in the town of Waterloo just east of the city of Geneva. The junction with NY 5 and US 20 was once a trumpet interchange; however, it was converted into an at-grade intersection in the late 1980s.
Route description.
NY 96A begins at an intersection with NY 96 (Main Street) in the village of Interlaken. The route proceeds westward along West Avenue as a two-lane residential street before leaving the village for the town of Covert, where it becomes rural. NY 96A continues westward through Covert, before crossing into the town of Lodi, where it intersects with County Route 129 (CR 129) and CR 146 (Townsendville Road). Continuing west from CR 129/CR 146, the route gains the name East Seneca Avenue as it enters the village of Lodi. In the village of Lodi, NY 96A continues as a two-lane resident street, before intersecting with NY 414 (South Main Street). At this intersection, NY 96A and NY 414 turn northward on North Main Street, forming a concurrency. After leaving the village, both roads lose the North Main Street moniker, leaving for the town of Lodi.
NY 96A and NY 414 continue northward as a two-lane rural roadway through Lodi, entering the town of Ovid near West Wyckoff Road. In Ovid, the two routes continue along the rural highway, entering the village of Ovid, passing Union Cemetery, and intersecting with CR 132 (Gilbert Road). At that intersection, NY 96A and NY 414 gain the Main Street monikers, crossing the village as a two-lane residential street, intersecting with CR 139. At the north end of the village, NY 96A and NY 414 intersect with NY 96 (North Town Line Road). At this intersection, NY 96A turns west along North Street, while NY 414 and NY 96 form a concurrency northward into the town of Romulus. Continuing west, NY 96A enters the town of Romulus, intersecting with the terminus of CR 139 as a two-lane rural roadway. After crossing over a former railroad right-of-way, NY 96A enters the hamlet of Gilbert, intersecting with CR 132 once again, where the route makes a gradual bend to the north near CR 132A.
Continuing north through Romulus, the route soon bends to the northwest near Blaine Road, passing the southern edge of the Seneca Army Depot and the northern border of Sampson State Park. Passing the park entrance, NY 96A turns northward, leaving the state park, intersecting with CR 147 and entering the town of Varick, where the right-of-way for the railroad crosses once again. The route continues along the western edge of the army depot to the northernmost part of Varick, where the depot grounds end just south of NY 96A's bridge over Reeder Creek. Not far to the north, NY 96A intersects Yale Station Road (CR 126) at the Varick–Fayette town line. In Fayette, the highway passes a small number of commercial buildings around its junction with the western terminus of NY 336 before running along a stretch of homes. After , the residences give way to farms once again.
NY 96A enters the hamlet of Rose Hill, where it bends to the northwest, intersecting with the western terminus of CR 120 (Yellow Tavern Road). Continuing northwest, NY 96A intersects with CR 125 (East Lake Road) and becomes a divided four-lane highway. The route bends to the north, intersecting with CR 119 (Boodys Hill Road) near the shore of Seneca Lake. After another bend to the northwest, NY 96A and CR 119 meet once again, which NY 96A crosses the Seneca River after. Now in the town of Waterloo, NY 96A remains a divided highway, entering an at-grade intersection with US 20 and NY 5 (Waterloo–Geneva Road) in Seneca Lake State Park. This intersection serves as NY 96A's northern terminus, while the right-of-way continues north as a connector to CR 110 (Border City Road).
History.
The north–south roadway between the villages of Lodi and Ovid was originally designated as part of Route 45, an unsigned legislative route assigned by the New York State Legislature in 1911. In 1912, the route was modified to continue east from Lodi to Interlaken. Both routings of Route 45 became part of NY 15 when the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924. NY 15 was realigned in the late 1920s to follow a direct alignment between Interlaken and Ovid, bypassing Lodi to the northeast. The former routing of NY 15 between Lodi and Ovid became part of an extended NY 78, which continued northwest to Geneva by way of modern NY 96A.
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, the former routing of NY 15 between Interlaken and Lodi and the portion of NY 78 north of Lodi were combined to create NY 15A, an alternate route of NY 15 between Interlaken and East Geneva. At the time, NY 15A ended at Border City Road, then designated as US 20 and NY 5. US 20 and NY 5 were shifted slightly southward in the vicinity of Border City by the following year to follow a new lakeside highway. NY 15A was then truncated to its junction with the new road. When US 15 was extended into New York , NY 15 was renumbered to NY 2 to eliminate numerical duplication. NY 15A was renumbered accordingly to NY 2A. This designation was short-lived, however, as NY 2 and NY 2A were renumbered again to NY 96 and NY 96A, respectively, in the early 1940s.
US 20 and NY 5 were realigned again onto a new divided highway in the 1960s. NY 96A was extended north to meet the new roadway by way of a trumpet interchange. The interchange was downgraded into an at-grade intersection in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="7010439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010439" title="FC Diriangen">
FC Diriangen



</doc>
<doc id="7010441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010441" title="Lese-majeste">
Lese-majeste



</doc>
<doc id="7010443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010443" title="Chen Lin">
Chen Lin

Chen Lin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7010447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010447" title="Wiscombe Park Hillclimb">
Wiscombe Park Hillclimb

Wiscombe Park Hillclimb is a British hillclimb, situated in Colyton, Devon. The course, which is 1000 yards (914 metres) in length — the same as Shelsley Walsh — was opened in 1958. The course was extended in 1961 when the record was held by Addicott in a Lotus at 49.3 secs. Wiscombe has been hosting rounds of the British Hill Climb Championship since the May meeting in 1962.
The outright hill record currently stands at 31.77 seconds, set by Matthew Ryder in July 2024.
Wiscombe Park Hill Climb Outright Hill Records.
Key: R = Course Record; S/C = Supercharged.

</doc>
<doc id="7010448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010448" title="HONK">
HONK



</doc>
<doc id="7010454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010454" title="Wiscombe Park hillclimb">
Wiscombe Park hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="7010455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010455" title="Wiscombe Park hill climb">
Wiscombe Park hill climb



</doc>
<doc id="7010457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010457" title="Wiscombe Park Hill climb">
Wiscombe Park Hill climb



</doc>
<doc id="7010458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010458" title="K. S. Hegde">
K. S. Hegde

Kowdoor Sadananda Hegde (11 June 1909 – 24 May 1990) was an Indian jurist and politician who served as a judge of the Supreme Court of India and later as the Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
Hegde founded the Nitte Education Trust. He is the father of Santhosh Hegde, who also served as a judge in the Supreme Court of India.
Political career.
Hegde served as a public prosecutor from 1947 to 1951. In 1952, he was elected to the Rajya Sabha, a position which he held until 1957. In 1967, Hegde was appointed a judge in the Supreme Court of India. On 30 April 1973, he tendered his resignation, as a matter of principle, when one of his junior colleagues was appointed the Chief Justice of India.
Thereafter, Hegde once again started taking an active part in socio-political movements. In 1977, he was elected to the Lok Sabha from the Bangalore South constituency on a Janata Party ticket. Several months later, he became Speaker after the resignation of his predecessor, Neelam Sanjiva Reddy. He held the position from 1977 to 1980. Lal Krishna Advani had suggested Hegde's name for Presidentship but Sanjiva Reddy got the nod, and Hegde replaced Reddy as Lok Sabha speaker. Hegde retired from electoral politics after Lok Sabha was dissolved in 1979. He joined BJP when it was founded in 1980 and briefly served as its vice-president. He also established the Nitte Education Trust in 1979 to provide a high school to the village of Nitte. Hegde died on 24 May 1990 at his residence in Mangalore, survived by his wife Meenakshi and six children, three sons and three daughters.
Legacy.
As a judge of the Supreme Court of India, he was a part of the thirteen judge bench which decided the famous Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala. However, he resigned soon after delivering the majority judgment, as Justice A. N. Ray was appointed the Chief Justice of India, although Hegde was senior judge at the time. In an obituary of Hegde, Justice M. M. Ismail wrote, "His tenure as a Judge of the Supreme Court was notable for his learned judgements which were characterised by basic legal principles and practical common-sense.The end of his judicial career was equally notable for his sense of self-respect and dignity which he attached to his office, as he resigned his office without the slightest hesitation the movement [sic] he heard the news over the all India Radio that he and two senior colleagues of his had been superseded in the appointment of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court."
The K.S. Hegde Medical Academy, a medical college in Deralakatte and a unit of the Nitte Education Trust, was named after Hegde. The Justice KS Hegde Charitable Foundation, a trust dedicated to the advancement of education and community development in Mangalore, was established in memory of Hegde. Each year, the foundation awards the Justice K.S. Hegde Foundation Awards; previous winners include former Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="7010463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010463" title="Wiscombe Park Hill Climb">
Wiscombe Park Hill Climb



</doc>
<doc id="7010464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010464" title="Honeybee">
Honeybee



</doc>
<doc id="7010466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010466" title="Axis naval activity in New Zealand waters">
Axis naval activity in New Zealand waters

During World War II, surface raiders and submarines of the Axis powers, primarily Germany and Japan, conducted naval activities in various parts of the world, including the waters around New Zealand.
In the early stages of the war, German surface raiders operated in the South Pacific region. Their activities primarily involved disrupting Allied shipping and conducting reconnaissance. The and both sank some vessels during their operations in New Zealand waters and several instances of submarine sightings and attacks on Allied vessels were reported. The threat of Japanese naval activity in New Zealand waters emerged later in the war. In 1942, Japanese submarines were spotted off the coast of New Zealand's North Island, causing concerns about a potential invasion. The New Zealand government responded by implementing coastal defense measures and tightening security. However, no major Japanese naval operations or significant engagements occurred in New Zealand waters during the war. A German submarine, the , cruised the east coast of the North Island late in the war, without success.
New Zealand, as a member of the Allied powers, actively contributed to the war effort by deploying its own naval forces, cooperating with other Allied navies, and providing logistical support. The country played a vital role in the Pacific theater and was involved in several significant naval campaigns, such as the Battle of Guadalcanal.
Overall, while there were instances of Axis naval activity in New Zealand waters during World War II, they were relatively limited in comparison to other theaters of the war. The New Zealand government and its Allied partners took measures to ensure the defense of their territorial waters and mitigate the potential threats posed by enemy naval forces.
Surface raiders.
The following German surface raiders operated in New Zealand waters:
The "Orion" and "Komet" sank three ships in New Zealand waters during these operations, while a fourth struck a mine laid by "Orion" and sank. The three ships sunk were:
The minesweeper HMNZS "Puriri" was sunk by a mine while sweeping in the Hauraki Gulf on 14 May 1941 and sank with the death of five of her crew. Three seamen were injured and the remaining 24 (5 officers and 19 ratings) were unhurt.
Submarines.
Imperial Japanese Navy.
Imperial Japanese Navy submarines operated in New Zealand waters in 1942 and 1943:
Neither "I-21" nor "I-25" attacked any ships during their brief periods in New Zealand waters. Initially Japanese submarine commanders were under strict orders to save their torpedoes for aircraft carriers and battleships.
The freighter "Kalingo" (2047 tons) bound for New Plymouth was torpedoed and sunk by on 18 January 1943, when she was 110 miles east of Sydney, with the loss of 2 of her crew of 34.
Kriegsmarine.
The German submarine sailed down the east coast of New Zealand in January 1945. "U-862"—under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Heinrich Timm—entered New Zealand waters on 1 January 1945 after operating off Australia. The boat rounded the tip of the North Island on 7 January and proceeded down the east coast. She encountered a merchant ship off Cape Brett on 10 January but was not able to intercept it. The U-boat continued south and failed to reach firing position on another merchant ship off East Cape on 13 January.
On 15 January, Timm took his submarine very close to Gisborne in search of viable targets. While the submarine was not detected, Timm did not find any worthwhile ships to attack. Timm also sailed close to the shore of Napier on 16 January and attempted to torpedo a small merchant ship off the city. This attack was not successful, with the torpedo missing its target. Timm believed that "U-862" had been sighted during this attack and left the area. This belief was not correct, however, and the New Zealand government remained unaware of the submarine's presence.
Shortly after the attack off Napier, "U-862" received orders to return to her home base at Batavia. Timm immediately ceased his patrol and proceeded along the east coast of the South Island. "U-862" rounded Stewart Island / Rakiura on 21 January and the submarine left New Zealand waters shortly thereafter. Claims that members of the submarine's crew landed in New Zealand are not correct, and this story appears to have been started by Timm as a joke.

</doc>
<doc id="7010468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010468" title="Wiscombe Park">
Wiscombe Park

Wiscombe Park is a 19th-century Gothic country house in Southleigh, Devon, UK which stands in parkland some 3 miles west of Colyton. The house is a grade II* listed building. The parkland now hosts the 1000 yard (914 metre) Wiscombe Park Hillclimb course.
Wiscombe belonged in medieval times to Otterton Priory and was granted in the reign of Henry III to Sir William Bonville, in whose time the Park was stocked with deer. It then passed to the Marquis of Dorset, later the Duke of Suffolk, after whose attainder it passed first to the Petre family and then to the Hows, from whom it was bought c.1815 by Charles Gordon of the Gordon family (The Earls of Aberdeen).
The present house was built in 1826 by Joseph Power of Colyton for Gordon on the site of the old manor house. It is a two-storey double depth building of plastered stone rubble with slate roofs. A large single storey billiard room projects at right angles to rear of the left end.
The property was purchased by Richard and Bunny Chichester in 1953 who decided that the park would be ideal for a hill climb course. The first hill climb meeting was staged on 24 August 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="7010472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010472" title="Smooth Criminal (Alien Ant Farm)">
Smooth Criminal (Alien Ant Farm)



</doc>
<doc id="7010473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010473" title="Meet the Austins">
Meet the Austins

Meet the Austins is the title of a 1960 novel by Madeleine L'Engle, the first of her books about the Austin family. It introduces the characters Vicky Austin and her three siblings, and Maggy Hamilton, an orphan.
Plot.
Vicky Austin's noisy, loving, mostly-happy family is disrupted when the family's honorary uncle dies in a plane crash. His co-pilot was also killed, leaving behind a ten-year-old daughter, Maggy, who has no one to care for her. The Austins take Maggy in, and she proves to be a spoiled, troubled only child who had very little family life. Maggy encourages Vicky's sister Suzy to misbehave, which makes everyone's life more difficult. "Meet the Austins" is largely episodic; each chapter covers a specific incident such as Vicky's bicycle accident or a family vacation. Throughout the book, Vicky comments on the changes her family experiences during this time, and the reader sees her growing self-awareness. Although Vicky will later appear in three novels that have fantasy and/or science fiction themes, there are no such elements in "Meet the Austins".
Characters.
Rounding out the family are Vicky's father, Dr. Wallace "Wally" Austin, a doctor in general practice; her mother Victoria Eaton Austin, a retired singer; an uncle, Douglas Austin, a painter who occasionally visits; Aunt Elena, actually a close family friend who is the Austins' connection with the orphaned Maggy; and Grandfather Eaton, a retired minister who lives in a converted stable on fictional Seven Bay Island.
Series notes.
Although "Meet the Austins", as the name implies, is the family's first appearance in terms of the publication date, a short, later book, "The Twenty-Four Days Before Christmas" (1964), takes place five years earlier. Another short Christmas story about the Austins, "", takes place about a year before "Meet the Austins". "A Full House" was first published as a short story in two of L'Engle's collections, and then issued as a picture book in 1999. "Meet the Austins" is followed, in terms of internal chronology as well as publication date, by the full-length novels "The Moon by Night" (1963), "The Young Unicorns" (1968), "A Ring of Endless Light" (1980) and "Troubling a Star" (1994). Suzy Austin appears as a married adult in "A Severed Wasp" (1982).
Publication details.
The 1960 first edition of "Meet the Austins" was published only after many rejections, reportedly because it begins with a death. The original publication left out a chapter about the children's "Anti-Muffin" club, which advocated diversity and portrayed the Austin children as having a close friend who was poor and Hispanic. ("Muffins" are a metaphor for conformity and snobbery.) This missing chapter was published separately in 1980 as "The Anti-Muffins". In 1997, the hardcover publisher of L'Engle's novels from 1962 on, Farrar, Straus &amp; Giroux, issued a new edition of "Meet the Austins" that for the first time incorporated the chapter. Paperback editions prior to 1997 did not include this additional material. However, the next book in the series, "The Moon by Night", includes a scene in which Vicky tells Zachary Gray about the Anti-Muffin club, in very nearly the same text that introduces it in the originally-omitted chapter. The 1997 Square Fish paperback edition includes "The Anti-Muffins" as Chapter Five of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="7010478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010478" title="50/50 &amp; Lullaby">
50/50 &amp; Lullaby

"50/50 &amp; Lullaby" is a double A-side single from British R&amp;B singer Lemar. It was released as the second single from his debut album, "Dedicated" (2003). "50/50" contains a sample of Jay-Z's "Can't Knock the Hustle" while "Lullaby" is a track that Lemar co-wrote with fellow Fame Academy contestant Ainslie Henderson. The single became Lemar's second top-five hit in the United Kingdom, peaking at number five on the UK Singles Chart in November 2003. It also reached number 49 in Ireland the same month.
Track listings.
CD 1
CD 2
12-inch vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="7010480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010480" title="Revised Romic">
Revised Romic



</doc>
<doc id="7010481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010481" title="FC Nyva Vinnytsia">
FC Nyva Vinnytsia

FC Nyva Vinnytsia is a Ukrainian professional football club based in the city of Vinnytsia. The name "Nyva" translates to "grain field". The club was originally created in 1958 in the Soviet Union and folded in 2005 and 2012, but was reformed again in 2015 as Nyva-V and renamed back to Nyva in 2018.
History.
Previous clubs.
A football team in Vinnytsia existed before the World War II as a local team of Vinnytsia city, which participated in championships among other cities. After the 1936 reorganization of football competition, the team then continued to play in lower tiers.
Following World War II, in 1946 football in Vinnytsia was represented by the Spartak society. In 1947 the team played under Dynamo's colors which for the next several years was regularly winning regional competitions and making finals appearances.
The teams names including "Trud", "Burevisnyk", and City Team.
Lokomotyv → Nyva.
In 1958 then current club was established as a Soviet team of the local locomotive factory as Lokomotyv Vinnytsia, which was established on the initiative of the director of Southwestern Railway Petro Kryvonos.
After Ukraine gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, Nyva was selected to play in the inaugural Ukrainian Premier League in 1992, due to being one of the top 9 (of 11) Ukrainian teams from the West Division of the Soviet Second League in 1991.
After being relegated in 1992, Nyva spent the 1993 season in the Ukrainian second division in the First League. Nyva was quickly promoted back to the top level next season after winning the competition.
Nyva Vinnytsia's best achievement in the Ukrainian Premier League was 10th-place finish in the 1993–94 season. The club also surprisingly made the 1995–96 Ukrainian Cup finals, only to lose to Dynamo Kyiv. As a result, Nyva took part in the 1996–97 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, even progressing to the first round after beating JK Tallinna Sadam on away goals (1:2 loss in Tallinn and 1:0 win in Vinnytsia). However, Swiss side FC Sion beat the Ukrainian side with a 6:0 score on aggregate (2:0 in Sion and 4:0 in Vinnytsia) ending the dream run in Europe.
The club ceased to exist after it was relegated from the First League in 2006 because of financial difficulties. In 2006 it was replaced with "FC Bershad" from Bershad, Vinnytsia oblast (see FC Nyva Bershad).
Reformation 2007.
In the 2007–08 season the club reentered professional league competition into the Second League as "FC Nyva-Svitanok", the new part of its name meaning dawn, or new beginning. Also Svitanok is a name of a city's flower market.
On 8 July 2008, the club changed their name from "FC Nyva-Svitanok Vinnytsia" to "PFC Nyva Vinnytsia".
Reformation 2015.
The club was again reformed and entered the Vinnytsia Oblast competition for the 2015–16 finishing in fifth place. The club competed in 2016 in the 2016 Ukrainian Football Amateur League finishing second in their group. 
The club successfully passed attestation and competed in the 2016–17 Ukrainian Second League season finishing 7th place.
At the end of 2020, the club announced about financial hardship, and acting president of the club Vadym Kudiarov complained about lack of interest from local government and public.
Stadiums.
The club plays in one of two stadiums in Vinnytsia, Sports Complex Nyva which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators with the club's training facilities located there, and the Municipal Central Stadium (previously "Lokomotyv") which was expanded prior to 1980's Olympics which now has a capacity of 24,000 spectators. The Central Stadium is usually used in "big" matches against famous opponents with all the other matches were played at SC Nyva.
Current squad.
As of 26 March 2024
European record.
Its first and the only European competition participation occurred in 1996–97 season in UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.
League and Cup history.
Ukraine.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="7010484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010484" title="Gilthas Solostaran">
Gilthas Solostaran



</doc>
<doc id="7010485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010485" title="The Book of the Dead (film)">
The Book of the Dead (film)

 is a 2005 Japanese historical Buddhist stop motion animation feature film directed by Kihachirō Kawamoto. It is about the legend of Chūjō-hime who translated some of the significant Pure Land sutras from Chinese to Japanese, and is said to have witnessed weaving of Taima mandala by Amitabha Buddha himself &amp; his attendants from lotus stems. It is his second feature film, the first being the "Rennyo and His Mother" (1981) and is based on the novel of the same name by Shinobu Orikuchi. It appeared in a couple of film festivals in 2005 before going into wide release in Japan on 11 February 2006 and has since won several awards at international animation festivals. It was shown in cinemas across the United Kingdom in the spring of 2008 as part of Kawamoto: The Puppet Master, a touring season of the Watershed Media Centre, and was released on DVD-Video in North America on 22 April 2008.
Plot.
"The Book of the Dead" is set in the Nara period at around 750 CE, the era when Buddhism was being introduced from China.
Iratsume, a young woman from a noble house, becomes obsessed with the new religion and spends much of her time hand-copying the sutras, trying to understand the teachings of the Buddha. On the eve of each equinox and solstice she begins to see a radiant figure looking not unlike the Buddha floating between the twin peaks of distant Mount Futakami. One evening, after completing her one-thousandth copy of a sutra, her view the figure she has been longing to see again is obscured by a rainstorm. In pursuit of it she slips away from her household to the foot of the mountain, where she arrives at a temple that women are forbidden to enter. There she learns that the figure might not be Buddha, but the soul of the executed Prince Ōtsu which wanders in torment between this world and the next. When Iratsume and Ōtsu's soul encounter, they feel compelled to unite. They forge a bond, bringing comfort and peace to each other – a bond that allows the prince's soul to find rest. The film follows the Japanese teaching that came from Buddhism: that no matter who they are, friends or foes, the souls of the dead need to be relieved. Kawamoto has said that the film is dedicated to all the innocent people who have died in recent wars.
Awards.
"The Book of the Dead" received an Excellence Prize for animation at the 2005 Japan Media Arts Festival.
Notes.
Acclaimed Russian animator and director Yuri Norstein was invited to work on the film as a "guest animator".

</doc>
<doc id="7010487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010487" title="Diamond blade">
Diamond blade

A diamond blade is a saw blade which has diamonds fixed on its edge for cutting hard or abrasive materials. There are many types of diamond blade, and they have many uses, including cutting stone, concrete, asphalt, bricks, coal balls, glass, and ceramics in the construction industry; cutting semiconductor materials in the semiconductor industry; and cutting gemstones, including diamonds, in the gem industry.
Types.
Diamond blades are available in different shapes:
Diamond blades designed for specific uses include marble, granite, concrete, asphalt, masonry, and gem-cutting blades. General purpose blades are also available.
Manufacturing methods.
Electroplating.
Blades using diamonds embedded in a metal coating, typically of nickel electroplated onto a steel blade base, can be made to be very thin—blades can be tens of micrometres thick, for use in precise cuttings.
Vacuum brazing.
Vacuum brazed diamond saw blades are manufactured by brazing synthetic diamond particles to the outside edge of the circular saw blade in a vacuum brazing furnace. All of the diamond particles are fully exposed and fastened on the exterior cutting edge of the blade instead of being embedded within a metal-diamond mixture. Depending on the manufacturer's recommended blade application, vacuum brazed blades will cut a wide variety of material including concrete, masonry, steel, various irons, plastic, tile, wood and glass.
Finer synthetic diamond grits will reduce the chipping of tile and burring of steel and provide a smoother finish. Larger diamond grits will provide a higher cutting speed, but will be more likely to cause chipping, burring, or cracking. Fire departments sometimes use vacuum brazed saw blades and require blades to be made with a very large diamond grit, to tear through material quickly. An intermediate grit size is used by the production industry.
Sintering.
Sintered metal-bonded diamond blades are the most common type of blade. These blades consist of a steel core (the base is steel plate, unlike that of the wires used in diamond wire saws) and "diamond segments", which are made by combining synthetic diamond crystals with metal powder and then sintering them. The diamond segments are also known as the "cutting teeth" of the blade.
The steel core can vary in design. Some cores have spaces (known as gullets) between segments to provide cooling and slurry removal, while others have a single continuous rim for smoother cutting. The type of core that can be used depends on the type of materials that the diamond blade is designed to cut.
Generally, there are three types of sintered metal-bonded diamond blades according to their manufacturing methods: wholly sintered diamond blades, silver brazed diamond blades and laser welded diamond blades.
A wholly sintered diamond blade is made by putting the steel core, together with the diamonds and the metal bond materials, into a mold and then sintering it in a sintering furnace equipment. Consequently, the diameter of wholly sintered diamond blades is not very large, normally not more than . Because it is participating in the sintering process, the steel core cannot be quenched, so the hardness and strength of the core are not very high. This means that these types of diamond blade may deform in high-load and high-intensity cutting processes and can exhibit low cutting efficiency.
Silver brazed and laser welded diamond blades do not have this weakness because their diamond segments and steel core are treated separately. The steel core can be quenched and processed with other heat treatments, so its hardness and strength can be high, meaning that the blade can be used in high-load and high-intensity cutting processes with high cutting efficiency and a smaller degree of deformation.
Silver brazed diamond blades' diamond segments are brazed to the steel core using a silver solder. These blades can only be used in wet cuttings. If they are used in dry cuttings, the silver solder may melt and the segments can break from the steel core and become a serious safety hazard. A laser melts and combines the metal of the diamond segment and the steel core creating a stronger weld, which can hold the segments even in high temperatures, meaning that laser welded diamond blades can be used to cut many types of stone without water cooling. However, when cutting very hard or abrasive materials, e.g., concrete containing reinforcing rebar, laser welded diamond blades should also be used with adequate water. Otherwise, it is possible for the diamond segment itself to break or the steel core below the segment to wear and break, creating serious safety hazards.
Application of sintered metal-bonded diamond blades.
A diamond blade grinds, rather than cuts, through material. Blades typically have rectangular teeth (segments) which contain diamond crystals embedded throughout the segment for grinding through very hard materials.
The "bond" is a term used for the softness or hardness of the powder metal being used to form the segments. The powdered metals hold the diamonds in place. The bond controls the rate at which the diamond segments wear down allowing new diamonds to become exposed at the surface to continue grinding with a "sharp" edge. An important step in choosing a blade is to match the bond to the specific material to be cut. Additional factors to consider are the type and power of the equipment to be used and the availability of water. Harder materials need a softer bonded segment to allow for continuous diamond exposure. Softer materials like asphalt or freshly poured concrete can use a harder segment to resist the increased wear that softer, abrasive materials create. In addition, the diamonds' grit (size), toughness, and concentration should also match the nature of the material to be sawed. For example, when hard materials are cut, the diamonds should be smaller.
There are other factors that should be considered when choosing a diamond blade for a particular application. These include the type (manufacturing method) of the blade, the availability of water in the cutting process, the horsepower of the saw, and the acceptable level of noise created by the saw. For example, if the horsepower of a saw machine is large, the diamond concentration of the diamond blade should be higher, or the bond should be harder. Higher diamond concentration will decrease the impact on each single diamond in working, while a harder bond will hold the diamonds more firmly.
Cutting with or without water.
Many blades are designed to operate either wet or dry. However, diamond tools and blades work better when wet, and dry cutting should be limited to situations in which water cannot or should not be used. Water will prevent the blade from overheating, greatly reduce the amount of harmful dust created by cutting, remove the slurry from the cut, and extend the life of the blade, since diamond is unable to withstand the forces involved at the elevated temperatures involved in dry cutting ceramic and abrasive materials, and will be subject to rapid tool wear and possible failure.
When water cannot be used (in, for example, electrical saws), measures should be taken to ensure that the operator does not inhale the dust created by the process, which can cause silicosis, a serious lung disease. When dry cutting, the blade should be allowed to cool off periodically. Cooling can be increased by allowing the blade to spin freely out of the cut. The OSHA has strict regulations regarding silica dust and requires a N95 NIOSH-approved respirator in work sites where dangerous amounts of silica dust are present.

</doc>
<doc id="7010488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010488" title="Quiksilver Scalable Multicast">
Quiksilver Scalable Multicast



</doc>
<doc id="7010504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010504" title="List of Ohio State University people">
List of Ohio State University people

This is a list of Ohio State University people of whom have some significant affiliation with the school. Individuals listed may have only attended the university at one point and not necessarily have graduated. Currently there are over 600,000 living Ohio State alumni.
National and international award winners.
Athletics.
Olympic medalists.
Over 200 Ohio State alumni have competed in the Olympic games, including the following medalists:
Football.
"For a more complete list of Ohio State University alumni in the NFL see: Buckeyes in the NFL"
Presidents of the Ohio State University.
The first president of Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College is Edward Orton, Sr., who served from 1873 to 1881. During Orton's term, the university became Ohio State University, in 1878. Karen A. Holbrook took office in 2002 and was the first female president. E. Gordon Gee is the only president who served two terms, after from serving from 1990 to 1998 and returning in 2007-2013. Michael V. Drake took office in 2014 and was the first African American President of the university before leaving in 2020 to become the president of the University of California. Kristina M. Johnson, previously the chancellor of the State University of New York, began her term as university president on August 24, 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="7010507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010507" title="Tulišen">
Tulišen

Tulišen (also spelled Tulishen or Tulixen, Manchu: , ; sometimes ; 1667–1741) was a Manchu official and diplomat during the early Qing dynasty.
Tulišen was a member of the Manchu Plain Yellow Banner in the Eight Banners and belonged to the Ayan Gioro clan (). In 1712, after having served in several minor positions in the Qing government, the Kangxi Emperor appointed him to the Qing embassy to Ayuka Khan (r. 1673-1724) of the Torghuts, who had migrated to the lower Volga River, where they had formed the Kalmyk Khanate under Peter I of the Russian Empire. The whole journey through Russia's Siberian territories took three years and Tulišen later recorded the journey in a famous travelogue ("Narrative of the Chinese Embassy to the Khan of the Tourgouth Tartars"), which was published in 1723. This fascinated many readers in Europe, and later appeared in English, German, Russian and French translations.
In 1720 he dealt with the Izmailov mission to Peking. In 1727, Tulišen served as head of the Qing delegation when the Treaty of Kyakhta was negotiated with the Russian representative Savva Lukich Vladislavovich-Raguzinsky. However, upon his return to the capital Beijing, he was accused of misconduct during the treaty negotiations as well as having betrayed military secrets earlier in his career. He was tried and sentenced to death in 1728, but the Yongzheng Emperor eventually pardoned him. Following the enthronement of the Qianlong Emperor in 1735, Tulišen was given a number of important positions in the government, but was later forced to retire because of failing health.

</doc>
<doc id="7010509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010509" title="Felipillo">
Felipillo

Felipillo (or Felipe) was a 16th-century Amerindian interpreter who accompanied Spanish conquistadors Francisco Pizarro and Diego de Almagro on their various expeditions to Peru during their conquest of the Inca Empire. His real name is not known.
Biography.
There is discrepancy between Spanish contemporary sources about Felipillo's place of birth. According to some of them, he was a native of Tumbez, but according to others, he was born in the region of Poechos, and was of Tallán ethnicity. An isolated version claims he was from the island of Puná. Felipillo learned Quechua in Tumbes from natives who spoke it as a second language, and he also learned basic Spanish from Pizarro's soldiers. He was later taken back to Panama by Pizarro.
On his return to Peru, Felipillo continued serving as a translator for the Spaniards as the conquest of the country carried its course, although historians agree that the interpretation provided by Felipillo was far from faithful or even helpful for the Spaniards. After Pizarro captured the Inca ruler Atahualpa during the Battle of Cajamarca in 1532, Felipillo served as the main translator for Pizarro and Atahualpa during their first meeting. According to Pedro Cieza de León, since Felipillo belonged to a rival tribe and was having an affair with one of Atahualpa's concubines, he deliberately translated Pizarro's messages inaccurately to the Inca king, and spread false rumors:
Felipillo later betrayed Almagro during his expedition to Quito. In another incident, Felipillo betrayed Almagro again during his expedition to Chile by secretly telling the local natives to attack the Spaniards since they only wanted their gold and urged them to attack them or run away. Some accounts say that when Almagro discovered Felipillo's treacherous motives and his confession about purposely misinterpreting Pizarro's message to Atahualpa, he ordered his soldiers to capture Felipillo and tear his body apart with horses in front of the region's Curaca.
Among Peruvians today, the word "Felipillo" has taken a meaning similar to "traitor."
Felpillo is a significant character in Rafael Dumett's novel, "El espía del Inca".

</doc>
<doc id="7010510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010510" title="The Super Cops">
The Super Cops

The Super Cops is a 1974 action adventure film directed by Gordon Parks and starring Ron Leibman and David Selby. The film is based on the book "The Super Cops: The True Story of the Cops Called Batman and Robin" by L. H. Whittemore. The film was released a few months after the successful cop movie "Serpico" (also based on a true story).
Plot.
The film opens with archival footage from a press conference where NYPD officers Dave Greenberg and Robert Hantz are being commended by Commissioner Patrick V. Murphy for the sheer volume of drugs and weaponry that the two cops have removed from the streets.
After a credits sequence, the narrative begins at the New York City Police Academy, where Greenberg and Hantz graduate as probationary officers. They are assigned to low-level work like clerical tasks and directing traffic, but they chafe against the insignificance of these tasks and frequently abandon them to follow the sound of gunfire. One day, Greenberg is standing on the street in plain clothes when an elderly man offers to sell him some "French films" (porn). When he refuses, the old man attacks Greenberg, who arrests him. Greenberg gets in trouble for making an arrest while off-duty. 
Greenberg and Hantz decide to keep making off-duty collars. They go to Coney Island disguised as Texaco attendants. They make a drug bust under the boardwalk and bring their collars to the local precinct, where the supervising officer is astonished to learn that two off-duty probationary cops confiscated so many illegal weapons and drugs. The pair continue to make busts around the city in their spare time. They stop a stolen car on Convent Avenue in Harlem, and at the local precinct, they bluff their way into being treated as senior officers from the "SUB" division, which is just the acronym for traffic enforcement.
After their probationary period, they are assigned to the fictional 21st Precinct in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. On their way to report for duty, they are aghast at the state of the neighborhood, and the precinct seems to be in just as much disarray. They are told to not make waves and to report for their first full day of duty the following morning. Instead, they find some prostitutes, hoping to get information. Greenberg tells his prostitute, Sara, that he is a cop and asks where he can find some drug dealers. She screams for her pimp, causing a commotion.
Undaunted, Greenberg and Hantz manage to find an informant and make their first drug bust. As they book their collars, they identify themselves as new to the precinct. They are asked when they started, and Greenberg replies, "Tomorrow". They track down the precinct Captain Krasna. He is convinced his office is bugged, and he views Greenberg and Hantz's enthusiasm warily.
Greenberg meets Sara again at Hank's Tip Top Inn and accompanies her back to her apartment. He presses her for information about drug activity. The duo start making busts with her information. Captain Krasna calls them into his office and accuses them of being on the take because of all their independent drug busts. He pretends to call Internal Affairs, but when they do not react like corrupt cops, he decides to encourage their freelancing. Sara tells Greenberg that a contract has been put out on them. An anonymous tip to the station confirms her warning. Greenberg and Hantz lie in wait for their assassins and make a daring bust in broad daylight. The bystanders jokingly yell out greetings to the adventurous cops who they call "Batman and Robin".
At the arraignment for the case, Greenberg and Hantz are offered $1,500 to lie and get the case dropped. They try to gather evidence about the attempted bribe, but the District Attorney's office ruins the bust by warning off the targets. The officers are growing more isolated by their fellow cops, who either resent them for showing them up, or view them with suspicion as being either corrupt or part of Internal Affairs.
The partners eventually corner the three Hayes Brothers who run the drug market in Bed-Stuy. The Hayeses offer them a $1,000-week bribe, which Greenberg and Hantz pretend to take. Greenberg insists on meeting the Hayeses' suppliers, but on the way to the meeting, one of the Hayeses notices Greenberg's wire. Greenberg and Hantz kill the brothers in self-defense, and they are taken off duty while Inspector Novick conducts an internal investigation.
Greenberg is approached by another officer who has just transferred from the 80th Precinct. He offers to cut Greenberg and Hantz in on a scam. They meet at the Fish Delight Hut to discuss the details. It turns out the officer is from the Knapp Commission, and when he tries to arrest Greenberg and Hantz, the pair, in turn, try to arrest him for engaging in conspiracy. Greenberg threatens to arrest the other Knapp officers on the scene for entrapment. When Insp. Novick and Cpt. Krasna arrive at the restaurant, both factions of officers reveal that they have been taping each other. The stalemate is resolved by promoting everyone. The film ends with a re-enactment of the opening press conference, with Novick commending Greenberg and Hantz for their service.
In other media.
The "Archie Comics" superhero imprint Red Circle Comics published one issue of a Super Cops comic book (with stories written by Marv Channing) in July 1974.
A half-hour pilot for a proposed TV series based on the film, starring Steven Keats as Greenberg and Alan Feinstein as Hantz, aired in 1975 on CBS.
Historical accuracy.
In a "New York" magazine profile, Greenberg makes a number of extraordinary claims about his life, such as being the only white member of the Amboy Dukes gang, being kicked out of three colleges despite having a 160 IQ, being the "heavyweight champion of the armed services" for three years during his time in the Navy, training with Sonny Liston, and being handpicked for President Kennedy's "Honor Guard" in Hyannis Port after the President and his wife saw Greenberg fight. Greenberg &amp; Hantz actually grew up together in Coney Island before joining the NYPD. Their exploits reportedly were the inspiration for "Starsky &amp; Hutch".
Greenberg retired from the NYPD in 1975 and was elected as an Assemblyman. In 1978, he was arrested on mail fraud and obstruction of justice, serving nine months. In 1989, Greenberg was arrested again on mail fraud as well as insurance fraud for overstating the burglary losses to a videotape distribution business he owned. He was sentenced to four years in 1990. Hantz was busted for possessing marijuana while on vacation in the Bahamas in 1975. He resigned from the NYPD after being demoted because of the arrest.
In a 2012 book, former Knapp Commission counsel Michael F. Armstrong disclosed that Greenberg and Hantz were investigated by the Brooklyn District Attorney's office for the murder of two drug dealers, an event recounted in the "Super Cops" book and movie as self-defense. Armstrong said that the Greenberg and Hantz account was contrary to the evidence, and he disputed other parts of the book, claiming that the two repeatedly shook down, robbed and assaulted suspects.
Availability and influence.
For many years "The Super Cops" was unavailable on home video. On January 19, 2011, film director Edgar Wright requested a DVD release of "The Super Cops" from the Warner Archive on Twitter, and Warner responded by announcing a remastered manufactured on-demand edition of "The Super Cops". The film was released on DVD via the Warner Archive Collection on September 13, 2011.
In 2015, while serving as a Guest Programmer for Turner Classic Movies, Wright introduced the film with TCM host Robert Osborne. He explained that he first saw it as a child, and that he watched it again when he was making "Hot Fuzz". He lifted the idea of an over-eager cop making busts at his new precinct before actually reporting for duty in "Hot Fuzz".
Wright pointed out that the screenwriter for the film, Lorenzo Semple Jr., also wrote for the "Batman" TV series, which is an interesting coincidence given all the references to that show in the film. The real Greenberg wears a Batman T-shirt at the opening press conference, and Ron Leibman last appears in the film in the same shirt. During one scene, Greenberg and Hantz have lunch right next to a graffiti tag of Batman and Robin. The movie even ends with a graphic "Pow" appearing with a sound effect, in the style of the TV show.

</doc>
<doc id="7010525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010525" title="Red Levine">
Red Levine



</doc>
<doc id="7010529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010529" title="C.A. Queluz">
C.A. Queluz

Clube Atlético de Queluz is a professional basketball team based in Queluz, Portugal. The team plays in the Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol.
History.
In the 2005–06 season, Queluz participated in the ULEB Cup after winning the league the previous season.
The club played in the LCB (currently LPB) until 2008/09, after which it withdrew from the sport's competitions. It only returned to national competition in 2018/19.
In 2023–24, the club gained promotion to the Liga Betclic Masculina, the top division of Portuguese basketball, after a strong campaign that led to the Proliga title.

</doc>
<doc id="7010530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010530" title="Ontologing">
Ontologing



</doc>
<doc id="7010533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010533" title="2850 BC">
2850 BC



</doc>
<doc id="7010534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010534" title="St Louis (MO)">
St Louis (MO)



</doc>
<doc id="7010540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010540" title="Rangsit Prayoonsak">
Rangsit Prayoonsak



</doc>
<doc id="7010545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010545" title="Hudson (IL)">
Hudson (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010546" title="Mark Twain Boyhood Home &amp; Museum">
Mark Twain Boyhood Home &amp; Museum

The Mark Twain Boyhood Home &amp; Museum is located on 206-208 Hill Street, Hannibal, Missouri, on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the United States. It was the home of Samuel Langhorne Clemens, better known as author Mark Twain, from 1844 to 1853. Clemens found the inspiration for many of his stories, including the white picket fence, while living here. It has been open to the public as a museum since 1912, and was designated a National Historic Landmark on December 29, 1962. It is located in the Mark Twain Historic District.
Buildings.
The Boyhood Home is one of nine properties that comprise the present Mark Twain Boyhood Home &amp; Museum complex. The legendary whitewashed fence of Tom Sawyer borders the property. There are seven additional museum buildings as part of the complex - the Interpretive Center, Becky Thatcher House, Huck Finn House, J.M Clemens Justice of the Peace Office, Grant's Drug Store, the stone Works Progress Administration (WPA) building that houses a gift shop, and the Museum Gallery, located at 120 N. Main St. The museum has acquired the "Becky Thatcher" house, home of Clemens' childhood sweetheart, Laura Hawkins. Its exterior was renovated and restored in 2010; while the interior re-opened in 2016.
During the summer of 2006, the museum completed work on a replica of the "Huck Finn" house, being the home of Tom Blankenship, the boy upon whom Twain based the character of Huckleberry Finn. Exhibits in the Huck Finn House delve into Hannibal's history with slavery.
The museum also owns and maintains the Tom and Huck Statue at the foot of Cardiff Hill. Erected in 1926, it is one of the earliest known statues erected to honor fictional characters. Other highlights of the museum properties include the Boyhood Home garden area, bordered by a high stone wall built by the WPA. The close proximity of the Mississippi River, the Mark Twain Cave, and other settings found in Twain's novel lure thousands of visitors to the museum each year.
Collections.
The museum's collection includes many first editions by Mark Twain, numerous personal items (including his Oxford gown), the only known surviving white suit coat, and a vast array of Twain memorabilia, such as the death mask of his baby son Langdon, and a jewelry box Twain had hand-carved in Italy to his specifications as a gift to his wife, Olivia. There are many interactive exhibits including a replica stagecoach and river raft. These serve to highlight specific books by Twain: "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn", "The Innocents Abroad", "Roughing It", and "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". Visitors can even sound a real steamboat whistle as they look out upon the Mississippi River. The museum also houses the second largest collection of original Norman Rockwell paintings. These paintings were commissioned as illustrations for a special edition of "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" and "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn". The museum also hosts regional art and touring exhibits.
Events.
The museum sponsors many events throughout the year including children's events. Their educational outreach programs include teacher workshops, young author workshops, writers workshops, scholarly conferences, and a creative teaching award. On May 15, 2012, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the museum, a spokesperson announced the establishment of the "Mark Twain Lifetime Achievement Award" with Hal Holbrook named as the first recipient.
In 2011 the museum released "", a double-CD benefit telling Twain's life in spoken word and song. The project was produced by Grammy award-winner Carl Jackson and released on Mailboat Records. It features Jimmy Buffett as Huckleberry Finn, Garrison Keillor as narrator, Clint Eastwood as Mark Twain, and Angela Lovell as Susy Clemens. Singers include Emmylou Harris, Doyle Lawson &amp; Quicksilver, Rhonda Vincent, Bradley Walker, Carl Jackson, The Church Sisters, Sheryl Crow, Brad Paisley, Marty Raybon, Val Storey, Vince Gill, Joe Diffie, and Ricky Skaggs. Cindy Lovell, the executive director of the museum at that time, wrote the narrative, and several new songs were written for the project.
In the summer, the museum is the destination of thousands of visitors. The town of Hannibal celebrates National Tom Sawyer Days over the 4th of July each year complete with whitewashing and frog jumping contests. The boyhood home is a focal point in these events.

</doc>
<doc id="7010549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010549" title="Decne.">
Decne.



</doc>
<doc id="7010550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010550" title="Quiksilver Properties Framework">
Quiksilver Properties Framework



</doc>
<doc id="7010555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010555" title="Kappa (IL)">
Kappa (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010557" title="Peoria (IL)">
Peoria (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010560" title="El Paso (IL)">
El Paso (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010563" title="Minonk (IL)">
Minonk (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010564" title="Chrysler 150">
Chrysler 150



</doc>
<doc id="7010565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010565" title="Lacon (IL)">
Lacon (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010567" title="Hukam Singh (Punjab politician)">
Hukam Singh (Punjab politician)

Sardar Hukam Singh (30 August 1895 – 27 May 1983) was an Indian politician and the third Speaker of the Lok Sabha and second Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 1962 to 1967. He was also governor of Rajasthan from 1967 to 1972.
Early life.
Hukam Singh was born at Montgomery in Sahiwal District (presently in Pakistan). His father Sham Singh was a businessman. He passed his matriculation examination from the Government High School, Montgomery in 1913 and graduated from the Khalsa College, Amritsar, in 1917. He passed his LL.B. examination in 1921 from the Law College, Lahore and subsequently set up a practice as lawyer in Montgomery.
A devout Sikh, Hukam Singh took part in the movement to free Sikh Gurdwaras from British political influence. When the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (Supreme Gurdwara Management Committee) was declared unlawful and most of its leaders arrested in October 1923, the Sikhs formed another organisation of the same name. Sardar Hukam Singh was a member of this Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) and was one of those who were arrested on 7 January 1924 and sentenced to two years imprisonment. He was subsequently elected a member of the SGPC at the first elections held under the Sikh Gurdwaras Act, 1925, and continued to be elected successively for many years. He also participated in the anti-Simon Commission demonstrations in 1928 and was injured and arrested during a police baton charge on a procession in the streets of Montgomery.
Montgomery town, as well as the district of that name, fell in the predominantly Muslim majority region of Punjab, and Sikhs and Hindus faced a grave threat to their lives at the hands of Muslim fanatics, especially during the riots that broke out following the declaration of the partition of India and creation of Pakistan in August 1947. Most Hindus and Sikhs of the district, including Hukam Singh's family, took refuge in the walled compound of Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha of which he himself was the president. He went about the town evacuating people from their houses, burying the dead, and evacuating the dying to hospital at grave personal risk. He was at the top of the rioters' hit list, when, during the night of 19–20 August 1947, a British officer of the Punjab Boundary Force evacuated him, penniless and disguised in a khaki uniform, to the Firozpur army base.
After about ten days, Hukam Singh learned that his family had arrived safely in Jalandhar. He then traced them to a refugee camp where he was able eventually to rejoin them. Giani Kartar Singh, a vastly influential Sikh leader of those days, introduced Sardar Hukam Singh to the Maharaja of Kapurthala for a position as judge. The maharaja, who himself had taken to English ways of dress, was not at all pleased to see his prospective employee arriving in a traditional Punjabi tunic. As it happened, the prime minister made excuses for Sardar Hukam Singh, saying that as a refugee he had been unable to purchase proper attire. With that, he was hired as a Judge of the Kapurthala High Court.
Political career.
Hukam Singh entered politics through the Shiromani Akali Dal and was its president for three years. He was also a member of the Montgomery Singh Sabha and its president for three years. Consequent upon Partition, some seats in the Constituent Assembly of India had become vacant. On a motion from Gurmukh Singh Musafir, the Assembly, on 27 January 1948 approved a motion to include two Sikh and two Hindu members elected from East Punjab. Hukam Singh was elected to the Constituent Assembly of India on 30 April 1948 as a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal. He actively participated in the Constituent Assembly's debates, and only a year after his entry was nominated to the panel of its chairman. He continued to be on the panel till his unanimous election as Deputy Speaker on 20 March 1956, this even though he was a member of the Opposition. This was a testimony not only to his popularity, but also to the confidence of the members in his ability to run the House in an efficient and impartial manner.
Although in March 1948 the Shiromani Akali Dal had directed all Akali legislators to join the Congress legislature en bloc, Hukam Singh continued to function in opposition. He stubbornly fought for the protection of the rights of the minorities and, failing to obtain protection for Sikhs as a religious minority, refused to put his signature to the new constitution. He was also a member of the Provisional Parliament (1950–52).
In the 1st Lok Sabha, Hukam Singh was elected from Kapurthala Bhatinda constituency in PEPSU state as an Akali Party candidate. He became the secretary of the National Democratic Front led by Shyama Prasad Mookerjee, who was its president. Later he joined and remained in the Congress political party. On 20 March 1956, Hukam Singh was unanimously elected as the Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha. In 1957, he was elected to the 2nd Lok Sabha from Bhatinda constituency as a Congress candidate. He was elected as Deputy Speaker of the 2nd Lok Sabha on 17 May 1957. In 1962, he was elected to the 3rd Lok Sabha from Patiala constituency as a Congress candidate.
Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
He became speaker of the 3rd Lok Sabha (India's Lower House of Parliament) on 17 April 1962. As speaker of the Lok Sabha, Sardar Hukam Singh firmly upheld the supremacy of the legislature over the executive branch of government. He also ensured that decorum and discipline were observed in the House. If a member rose and spoke without being identified by the chair, he would not catch the Speaker's eye. If the member persisted in continuing, he would not be asked to speak in the future. In extreme cases, the Speaker would instruct reporters not to record such speeches.
Hukam Singh presided impartially over debates on many subjects. The Defence of India Act was one of the major legislations passed by the House in the wake of the Sino-Indian War in 1962. He also maintained decorum during the stormy debates when, for the first time in the history of the Lok Sabha, no confidence motions against the Council of Ministers were admitted and discussed in the House.
He was also the chairman of the Parliamentary Committee formed in October 1965 to find a solution to the issue of Punjabi Suba. The longstanding deadlock over this issue was overcome when the committee gave its verdict in favour of a Punjabi State reorganised on a linguistic basis.
Activities in retirement.
Sardar Hukam Singh was appointed governor of Rajasthan after his retirement from elected duties in 1967. He served as governor until 1 July 1972, when he settled down in Delhi.
Sardar Hukam Singh's retirement did not last long, however. In March 1973, the Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee formed the Sri Guru Singh Sabha Shatabdi (centenary) Committee to celebrate the centenary of the Singh Sabha movement launched in 1873 with Hukam Singh as president. In this role, he participated in a tour of North America and Europe, touring the newfound domain of Sikhism in the Western Hemisphere, with special attention to the mission established by Siri Singh Sahib Harbhajan Singh Khalsa Yogiji (Yogi Bhajan). Sardar Hukam Singh was accompanied on this trip in the summer of 1974 by Gurcharan Singh Tohra, SGPC President and Surjit Singh Barnala.
Author and editor.
As an eloquent lover of Sikhism, Sardar Hukam Singh launched the "Spokesman" English weekly in Delhi in 1951, and served as its editor for many years. He is also the author of two books in English, "The Sikh Cause" and "The Problem of the Sikhs".

</doc>
<doc id="7010574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010574" title="PCP Theorem">
PCP Theorem



</doc>
<doc id="7010575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010575" title="Wenona (IL)">
Wenona (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010580" title="WLA">
WLA

WLA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7010581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010581" title="Lostant (IL)">
Lostant (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010587" title="Tonica (IL)">
Tonica (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010588" title="Whitehorse West">
Whitehorse West

Whitehorse West is an electoral district which returns a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada. The Whitehorse district is the smallest riding, by size, in the Yukon and includes the subdivisions of Logan, Ingram, Arkell, and part of Copper Ridge. It is bordered by the ridings of Mountainvew, Takhini-Kopper King, and Copperbelt North.
History.
While it is one of the oldest ridings in the Yukon by name, the current riding no longer represents its initial boundaries, nor even the boundaries as recent as the 2000 general election due to the continued residential development in that area of the city.
Whitehorse West is the former seat of Yukon Premier Tony Penikett of the Yukon New Democratic Party, Deputy Premier Elaine Taylor of the Yukon Party, Dennis Schneider, 8th Speaker of the Yukon Legislative Assembly, and Ken McKinnon, former Commissioner of the Yukon.
Initially considered a New Democrat stronghold, the riding evolved into a largely Yukon Party stronghold, despite falling to the Liberals in 2016. However, Whitehorse West could also be viewed as a bellwether, as it has voted for the governing party in every territorial election since 1985, except one (1992).
Whitehorse West was the only seat won by the Yukon New Democratic Party in the 1978 territorial election.
Electoral results.
2016.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 994
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2011.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 729
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2006.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 963
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2002.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 840
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2000.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1535
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1996.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1195
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1996 by-election.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1023
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1992.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 666
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1989.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1465
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1985.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1251
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1982.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1112
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1978.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 736
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1974.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 596
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
1970.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1023
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –

</doc>
<doc id="7010589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010589" title="Wasted on the Way">
Wasted on the Way

"Wasted on the Way" is a 1982 song by American folk rock band Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash, featuring harmony vocals by Timothy B. Schmit. It was their first top 10 hit in five years, and peaked at #9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles charts in August 1982. On the Adult Contemporary chart, "Wasted on the Way" was the group's biggest hit on the chart, peaking at number two for five weeks. It appeared on the band's 1982 album "Daylight Again". The B-side was the David Crosby composition "Delta".

</doc>
<doc id="7010591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010591" title="Zoster immune globulin">
Zoster immune globulin



</doc>
<doc id="7010594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010594" title="Henry (IL)">
Henry (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010596" title="Thamrong Navasavat">
Thamrong Navasavat



</doc>
<doc id="7010597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010597" title="Streator (IL)">
Streator (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010599" title="Twyford School">
Twyford School

Twyford School is a co-educational, private, preparatory boarding and day school, located in the village of Twyford, Hampshire, England.
History.
Twyford states itself to be the oldest preparatory school in the United Kingdom.
It moved to its present site in 1809, but there has been a school for boys in Twyford since the seventeenth century. During the nineteenth century buildings were added, including a large schoolroom built during the 1820s, and a mid-Victorian chapel. Original buildings are still used and form part of today's campus.
In 1859, while George Kitchin was master of the school, his friend Lewis Carroll took a photograph of Kitchin and his class of nine boys.
Current status.
A series of developments coincided with the admission of girls to the school, and have continued in recent years. Building works and improvements have been undertaken, although historic fabric has generally been retained. In addition the sports grounds and other outdoor facilities have been upgraded.
Twyford is a private school, and a registered charity. It accepts both day pupils and boarders, and has a pre-preparatory school on the same campus for children below the age of five. It has capacity for around 400 pupils between the ages of 3 and 13, with boarders being accepted from the age of 8. It is a Church of England school.
Headmasters.
In 1984, Donald Leinster-Mackay noted that "The Wickham family have provided headmasters for Twyford School since 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="7010600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010600" title="Oglesby (IL)">
Oglesby (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010601" title="WBUS (FM)">
WBUS (FM)

WBUS (99.5 MHz) is the call sign for an FM radio station broadcasting in Centre Hall, Pennsylvania serving the State College, Pennsylvania area.
History.
Originally on 94.5, the WLTS call sign and format moved to 99.5 while 94.5 became WBHV-FM. 99.5 was originally a class A station licensed to the town of Mount Union using the call sign WXMJ (Magic 99.5). When purchased by Forever Broadcasting, the company applied for and was granted a change in the city of license to Centre Hall along with a change to a class B1 (25,000 watts equivalent) status. The transmitter site was moved to Tussey Mountain on the south side of State College.
On January 22, 2019, WMAJ-FM's CHR format moved to WBUS 93.7 FM Boalsburg, swapping frequencies with classic rock-formatted "The Bus" and the station assuming the WBUS call sign.
It was announced on October 12, 2022 that Forever Media was selling 34 stations, including WBUS and five other sister stations, to State College-based Seven Mountains Media for $17.3 million. The deal closed on January 1, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7010604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010604" title="Breakfast Epiphanies">
Breakfast Epiphanies



</doc>
<doc id="7010606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010606" title="La Salle (IL)">
La Salle (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010610" title="Peru (IL)">
Peru (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010611" title="Friendly High School">
Friendly High School

Friendly High School is a public high school in Friendly census-designated place in unincorporated Prince George's County, a county in the state of Maryland in the United States; it has a Fort Washington postal address.
The school's first classes began in 1970 with 9th, 10th and 11th grades. Friendly graduated its first seniors in 1972, while housing students in grades 10–12. In 1981 a 9th grade class was added at that point the high school had 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th grades and Jr. high schools were then renamed Middle Schools and consisted of 7th and 8th grades.
Friendly serves: the Friendly CDP, and sections of the Fort Washington and Oxon Hill CDPs, as well as a small portion of the Clinton CDP.
History.
In 2009 Sheryll Cashin said in "The Failures of Integration: How Race and Class are Undermining the American Dream" that Friendly High was one of several mostly black, mostly middle class PG County public high schools that was "decidedly underachieving: fewer than half of the seniors at these schools went on to attend four-year colleges in recent years."
School uniforms.
Friendly has a mandatory school uniform policy that began with the 2006–2007 school year.
School championships.
The school has won State Championships in the sports of Basketball in 1998, 2003 and 2004, Football and, in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and in 2006 Indoor and Outdoor track. During the 2006 football season, the Patriots were undefeated, and ended their perfect season by winning the 3A state championship by beating River Hill High School on December 9, 2006, led by star quarterback Joe Haden (Florida). They also did the same in 1998 beating Eastern Technical High School. Won the state football championship in 1974 and 1978. In 1974, the team was led by running back Byron Stewart (Nebraska).
In 1996, the boys' basketball team took the 3A/2A/1A playoffs by storm winning the County Championship. After that they went on to win MD State Championship game beating City College high school of Baltimore, ending the season with a 13–15 record and being known as the Cinderella team of 1998
From 1997 to 2000, the boys' basketball team won back-to-back-to-back county championships led by lefty streaky shooter and Hall of Famer Tony Reid (Virginia State University), under the leadership of Coach Gerald Moore Jr.
Friendly High School has produced an Olympic Champion and World Record Holder, Mark Henderson (swimmer) (class of 1987), NBA and European professional basketball players Dickey Simpkins (Providence), Sam Young (Pitt), Jamal Shivers (Bowie State), Tony Reid (Virginia State University), and more. Calvin Tiggle class of 1987 played linebacker for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and went on to play in the Canadian Football League with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, winning the Grey Cup (equivalent of the Super Bowl) in 1999, and, Robert Green class of 1988 played football for The Washington Redskins and two other NFL teams.
Friendly High School has won two Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletic Association championships (1998 &amp; 2006) under the leadership of coach George Early in football and (1998, 2006) under Coach Gerald Moore Jr in basketball.
In 2008 the baseball team had a resurgence, winning the County 3A/2A/1A title. That year they lost the County Championship game to a very talented Eleanor Roosevelt high school team.
In 2011, the boys' basketball team made it back to the County 3A/2A/1A title after losing it two years previously to Laurel High School. They defeated Henry Wise claiming the County 3A/2A/1A title.
Friendly High School is in a suburban area near Washington D.C. approximately 6 miles down Maryland Route 210.

</doc>
<doc id="7010614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010614" title="Ottawa (IL)">
Ottawa (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010616" title="Old Petaluma Opera House">
Old Petaluma Opera House

The Old Petaluma Opera House (also known as the Maclay Building) is a historic building located in downtown Petaluma, California.
History.
It was built in 1870 as a theater, lecture hall, and dance hall. In 1901, the upper floors were converted to office and meeting space and the street level was remodeled for retail space, and a new prefabricated cast iron facade, manufactured by the Mesker Brothers company of St. Louis, Missouri was installed.
The Nielsen Furniture Company occupied the building from 1944 to 1960. As of June 2010, the building houses law offices and an Irish-style pub. It features Stick/Eastlake architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="7010617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010617" title="Bayesian average">
Bayesian average

A Bayesian average is a method of estimating the mean of a population using outside information, especially a pre-existing belief, which is factored into the calculation. This is a central feature of Bayesian interpretation. This is useful when the available data set is small.
Calculating the Bayesian average uses the prior mean "m" and a constant "C". "C" is chosen based on the typical data set size required for a robust estimate of the sample mean. The value is larger when the expected variation between data sets (within the larger population) is small. It is smaller when the data sets are expected to vary substantially from one another.
This is equivalent to adding "C" data points of value "m" to the data set. It is a weighted average of a prior average "m" and the sample average.
When the formula_2 are binary values 0 or 1, "m" can be interpreted as the prior estimate of a binomial probability with the Bayesian average giving a posterior estimate for the observed data. In this case, "C" can be chosen based on the desired binomial proportion confidence interval for the sample value. For example, for rare outcomes when "m" is small choosing formula_3 ensures a 99% confidence interval has width about "2m".

</doc>
<doc id="7010620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010620" title="Protein K">
Protein K

Protein K may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7010624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010624" title="Mendota (IL)">
Mendota (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010626" title="Troy Grove (IL)">
Troy Grove (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010630" title="Ma Hongbin">
Ma Hongbin

Ma Hongbin (, Xiao'erjing: , September 14, 1884 – October 21, 1960) was a prominent Chinese Muslim warlord active mainly during the Republican era, and was part of the Ma clique. He was the acting Chairman of Gansu and Ningxia Provinces for a short period.
Life.
Ma was born in the village of Hanchiachi, in Linxia County, Gansu. He was the son of Ma Fulu who died in 1900 when fighting against the foreigners in the Battle of Peking (1900) in the Boxer Rebellion. As a nephew of Ma Fuxiang, he followed him and later Feng Yuxiang into the army. He and Ma Fuxiang protected a Catholic mission in Sandaohe from attacks by the Gelaohui, and he received the Order of Leopold (Belgium) ("King Leopold decoration") During an uprising in Gansu in the Central Plains War, the Muslim General Ma Tingxiang was attacked by Ma Hongbin who was serving in Feng's administration in Ningxia.
Upon his cooperation with Chiang Kai-shek, he was named commander of the 22nd Division, 24th Army, within the National Revolutionary Army. He was governor of Ningxia from 1921 to 1928 and chairman of the government of Ningxia in 1930. However, Ma Hongbin caused and consequently lost a power struggle with his cousin Ma Hongkui, a fact that was exploited by Chiang Kai-shek to his own advantage by preventing Hongbin's total defeat. In 1930, Chiang named Ma Hongbin as the Chairman of the Provincial Council of Gansu, a post he held until 1931; Hongbin's control over Gansu remained very limited, however, as the province was mostly ruled by his rival Ma Zhongying. Even after Zhongying's departure to the Soviet Union in July 1934, Gansu's armies and civilian population was still loyal to Zhongying. Hongbin helped Ma Hongkui to fight off an invasion of Ningxia by fellow warlord Sun Dianying in early 1934.
The Japanese planned to invade Ningxia from Suiyuan in 1939 and create a Hui Muslim puppet state. The next year in 1940, the Japanese were defeated militarily by Ma Hongbin, who caused the plan to collapse. Ma Hongbin's Hui Muslim troops launched further attacks against Japan in the Battle of West Suiyuan.
He became the commander of the 81st Corps during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II. In 1940 Ma Hongbin's Muslim troops took part in the Battle of West Suiyuan against Japan and their Mongol puppet state Mengjiang. In the same year at the Battle of Wuyuan, Ma Hongbin led the 81st Corps against the Japanese. The Japanese were defeated by the Chinese Muslim forces and Wuyuan was retaken. Japan used poison gas against the Chinese Muslim armies at the Battle of Wuyuan and Battle of West Suiyuan. Throughout the war, Ma Hongbin continued military operations against the Japanese and their Mongolian allies.
Ma Hongbin's army was clan centered and feudal. In his 81st corps, his chief of staff was his brother in law, Ma Chiang-liang.
The American Asiatic Association reported that he commanded the eighty fourth Army corps.
After the war, he became a senior adviser within the Northwestern Army Headquarters. When his cousin Ma Hongkui resigned from his positions and fled to Taiwan, those positions where transferred to Ma Hongbin. In 1949 during the Chinese Civil War, when the People's Liberation Army was approaching the northwest, Ma Hongbin and his son Ma Dunjing led his 81st Corps to cross over to the communist side. He was named vice-chairman (later restyled vice-governor) of Gansu province. He was also vice-director of the Commission of Ethnic Affairs as well as a member of the National Defense Commission of the People's Republic of China. He died in Lanzhou in 1960.
Family.
Ma Hongbin's father was Ma Fulu, and his cousin was Ma Hongkui. His uncles were Ma Fuxiang, Ma Fushou, and Ma Fucai. His grandfather was Ma Qianling.
Ma Hongbin's son was General Ma Dunjing (1906–1972), three of his nephews were Generals Ma Dunhou (Ma Tun-hou, misspelled as Ma Tung-hou) 馬敦厚, Ma Dunjing (1910–2003), and Ma Dunren (Ma Tun-jen) 馬敦仁.

</doc>
<doc id="7010635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010635" title="Earlville (IL)">
Earlville (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010638" title="Lala Hansraj Gupta">
Lala Hansraj Gupta

Lala Hansraj Gupta was an Indian educationist, social worker and philanthropist. He was awarded Padma Vibhushan by Government of India for his services to society.
He served as seventh Mayor of Delhi. Gupta was a founding member of the Child Education Society in 1944. Bal Bharati Public School is one of the private institutions owned by the Child Education Society.
He died on 3 July 1985.
External links.
Not very descriptive

</doc>
<doc id="7010640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010640" title="Compton (IL)">
Compton (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010641" title="Tax-free sales">
Tax-free sales



</doc>
<doc id="7010644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010644" title="Paw Paw (IL)">
Paw Paw (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010646" title="Vic Correll">
Vic Correll

Victor Crosby Correll (born February 5, 1946) is an American former catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox, Atlanta Braves and Cincinnati Reds in all or parts of eight seasons spanning 1972–1980. Listed at 5' 10", 185 lb., Correll batted and threw right handed. He was born in Washington, D.C., and attended McClenaghan High School in Florence, South Carolina.
The Cleveland Indians selected Correll in the ninth round of the 1967 MLB Draft out of Georgia Southern University. He spent four seasons in the Indians Minor League system before joining the Chicago White Sox, Red Sox, Braves, and Reds organizations.
Correll spent most of his major league career as a backup catcher. From 1974 to 1976, he played behind Johnny Oates at Atlanta and was the starting catcher in 1975 and 1976. He returned to a backup role when Biff Pocoroba became the starter in 1977. In Cincinnati, he was the backup catcher behind Johnny Bench in 1978 and 1979. The Reds won the National West Division title in 1979, but Correll did not appear in post-season play.
His most productive season came in 1975 with the Braves when he posted career numbers in home runs (11), RBI (39) and games played (103).
Correll batted .247 with 82 homers and 346 RBI in 767 minor league games. He played winter ball for the Cardenales de Lara club of the Venezuelan Winter League in the 1975–76 and 1976–77 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="7010647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010647" title="Bluecoat">
Bluecoat

The bluecoat is a style of dress code, traditionally worn in bluecoat schools (English private schools deriving from charity schools).
The main element of the bluecoat is a long (dark blue or black) coat, belted at the waist, with white neck decoration. Underneath a white shirt and grey breeches are worn, with knee-length stockings and smart shoes.
History.
The uniform has its origin in the 16th-century dress of foundlings housed at Christ's Hospital, then in the City of London. Bluecoat schools based on the model of Christ's Hospital were set up in emulation in other urban centres. The last bluecoat school to be founded was that in Wigan in 1773.
The essayist Leigh Hunt (educated at Christ's Hospital from 1791 to 1799) described the bluecoat uniform: "Our dress was of the coarsest and quaintest kind, but was respected out of doors, and is so. It consisted of a blue drugget gown, or body, with ample coats to it; a yellow vest underneath in winter-time; small-clothes of Russia duck; worsted yellow stockings; a leathern girdle; and a little black worsted cap, usually carried in the hand. I believe it was the ordinary dress of children in humble life, during the reign of the Tudors. We used to flatter ourselves that it was taken from the monks..."
Most bluecoat schools have abandoned the uniform and replaced it with more modern styles. There are a few schools however that still retain the uniform, but use it for special occasions only. Only one school in England, Christ's Hospital, still uses bluecoat uniform as normal day wear.

</doc>
<doc id="7010650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010650" title="Red Gaurs">
Red Gaurs

The Red Gaurs (, "Krathing Daeng") were an extreme right-wing paramilitary organization active in Thailand during the 1970s. The Red Gaurs played a key role in the 6 October 1976 massacre of students and activists at Thammasat University. The organization derives its name from the gaur (/ɡaʊər/, "Bos gaurus"), also called the Indian bison, the largest extant bovine. The gaur is native to the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia.
Establishment and activities.
It was set up by the Internal Security Operations Command (ISOC) of the Thai military to counter the country's students movement after the democratic revolution of October 1973. Major-General Sudsai Hasadin has been reported being its main organizer. From mid-1974 on, the paramilitary organization's units were publicly armed with firearms and grenades. Afterwards, they enjoyed practical immunity to criminal prosecution, or even warnings from police or army staff. The Red Gaurs violently attacked demonstrators at the protests against individual articles of the 1974 constitution, against U.S. military bases in Thailand, and at the protests against the return of deposed military dictators Thanom Kittikachorn and Praphas Charusathien.
In August 1975, the group assaulted the Thammasat University, trying to burn down the school building. Assassinations of labor and peasants union officials (namely of the Peasants Federation of Thailand), as well as progressive politicians, and grenade attacks on crowds have been attributed to the Red Gaurs. The organization's militants often attacked and injured photojournalists who tried to take pictures of them and their guns. The Red Gaurs interfered in the campaign for the 1976 parliamentary election by harassing candidates and attacking political parties they perceived as "leftist" (in particular the New Force Party). Besides, the Red Gaurs were also employed to guard road construction crews against attacks in areas with communist insurgents.
Membership and support.
The ultra-royalist vigilante group focused its activities on Bangkok. Its membership consisted mainly of discontent young unemployed, vocational school students and high school drop-outs. The majority of their key cadres however, were veterans of the Vietnam War or former mercenaries in Laos, and former army soldiers dismissed for disciplinary infractions. The Krathing Daeng militants were well paid, provided with free liquor, taken on drinking sprees, and to brothels paid for with public funds.
They were heavily funded and backed by the United States government. The US provided at least 250 million baht to help organize the Red Gaurs. Paul M. Handley, the author of "The King Never Smiles", an unofficial biography of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, reports that the king also gave support to both the Red Gaurs and the "Village Scouts", another patriotic anti-leftist paramilitary organization.

</doc>
<doc id="7010652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010652" title="Steward (IL)">
Steward (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010659" title="Expander Mixing Lemma">
Expander Mixing Lemma



</doc>
<doc id="7010662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010662" title="Moline (IL)">
Moline (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010666" title="Rochelle (IL)">
Rochelle (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010669" title="Thompson Observatory">
Thompson Observatory

The Thompson Observatory was an astronomical observatory at Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin. The observatory was built in 1968 to replace the Smith Observatory, which had been built in the 1880s. The new observatory was named in honor of Alfred S. Thompson of the Beloit College Class of 1892. 
The instrument was a 22-inch reflecting telescope. It was removed when Chamberlin Hall was demolished to make way for the new Center for the Sciences in 2008-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7010672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010672" title="Affinion Group">
Affinion Group

CXLoyalty (formerly Affinion Group and CUC) is a private company based in Stamford, Connecticut that provides customer engagement and loyalty programs. Affinion designs, markets, and services programs that deal with customer relationships for other businesses. The company says it reaches 250 million consumers in 20 countries. In 2006, Affinion Group was cited by Forbes as number 321 on its list of largest private companies.
In 2016, Affinion reported a worldwide workforce of approximately 3,000. As of March 2015, the company had not reported a profit since 2004. According to its Bloomberg Business profile at the end of 2014, Affinion had about 5,500 marketing partners, 59 million subscribers in membership and insurance services, and 62 million customers for loyalty programs and credit or debit card enhancement services. In 2021, CXLoyalty's Global Loyalty division was acquired by JPMorgan Chase. The remaining Global Customer Engagement division announced a rebranding to Tenerity, Inc. in April 2021.
History.
Affinion has paid millions of dollars in civil claims and state attorney general claims, in 47 states, for unfair and deceptive trade practices, and faces multiple class-action lawsuits.
In December 2006, Trilegiant settled allegations of deceptive selling practices for failing to inform customers of auto-renewal on their membership products.
In 2013, Affinion settled allegations with 47 states that its companies misled consumers regarding membership in discount clubs. A $19 million fund was instituted to refund customers who had been subject to unauthorized charges.
Affinion acted as a third-party vendor for US Bank, which in 2014 was fined $9 million and compelled to pay $47 million in restitution, to resolve allegations that it had charged consumers for services that had not been provided. A spokesman for the bank said "We will be compensating customers who did not receive full services from Affinion, and providing our apology." According to an Affinion spokesman, some consumers were mistakenly billed for services, even though they had not provided the necessary authenticating information. In 2012, Capital One Financial was also fined over add-on services provided by Affinion.
In July 2015, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced that Affinion had billed customers for services that had not actually been provided, claiming that the company owed consumers $6.8 million in refunds, and would have to pay civil penalties amounting to $1.9 million.

</doc>
<doc id="7010674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010674" title="Rock Falls (IL)">
Rock Falls (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010682" title="Oregon (IL)">
Oregon (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010683" title="Expander Walk Sampling">
Expander Walk Sampling



</doc>
<doc id="7010684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010684" title="Grandpa's">
Grandpa's



</doc>
<doc id="7010686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010686" title="Sycamore (IL)">
Sycamore (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010688" title="Change (In the House of Flies)">
Change (In the House of Flies)

"Change (In the House of Flies)" often referred to as "Change", is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones, released on May 16, 2000, by Maverick Records as the first single from their third studio album, "White Pony" (2000). Written collaboratively by the band, the song originated from an unstructured session and features contributions from all members. The recording marked a shift in the band's dynamic, with the lead vocalist Chino Moreno contributing guitar parts alongside the guitarist Stephen Carpenter.
"Change" has been described as alternative metal, alternative rock, nu metal, shoegaze, and art rock. It features a slow-building arrangement, ambient samples, and abstract lyrics, and has been interpreted by critics as addressing themes such as transformation, emotional disintegration, or voyeurism. The song became the band's most commercially successful single in the United States, peaking at number three on "Billboard"'s Alternative Airplay chart and number nine on the Mainstream Rock chart.
Critics have widely praised "Change", with several outlets ranking it among the best songs in Deftones' discography. The music video, directed by Liz Friedlander, depicts the band performing at a party with a disaffected tone.
Background and recording.
"Change (In the House of Flies)" was written collaboratively by Deftones during the sessions for their third album, "White Pony" (2000). According to the lead vocalist Chino Moreno, the song began with him and Stephen Carpenter playing guitar, while Frank Delgado contributed keyboard parts. The rest of the band joined in organically, with no instructions or direction, resulting in what Moreno described as a moment when everything started to come together. The drummer Abe Cunningham recalled hearing the track take shape in its early form as Moreno began improvising vocal lines. The band was in the control room, and Cunningham described the experience as a moment when they realized they were "on to something". Moreno's approach to the vocals involved repeatedly listening to the track and "mush-mouthing", a technique he used to uncover lyrical ideas.
Delgado, who had recently become an official member of the band after touring and contributing to "Around the Fur" (1997), played a significant role in shaping the atmospheric sound of "Change". Without access to a synthesizer, Delgado manipulated samples using guitar pedals provided by Carpenter and altered pitch on a turntable to create melodic elements that sounded like synth lines. The track also reflected changes in the band's dynamic, particularly with Moreno's growing role as a guitarist. Moreno recalled that Carpenter initially had reservations about this shift, but ultimately encouraged him to play on the record. Although there was some tension, Moreno said they were both pleased with the results for "Change", particularly the interplay between their guitars and the way the producer Terry Date captured the sound. The bassist Chi Cheng recalled some friction during the writing process as well. He said Carpenter and Date initially questioned his choice to play a dub-reggae-inspired bassline on the track, but he insisted on it. The song eventually became a major success for the band, which Cheng saw as a validation of his approach.
Composition.
Musically, "Change (In the House of Flies)" has been described as an alternative metal, alternative rock, nu metal, shoegaze, and art rock song. It opens with a mournful guitar riff, layered with eerie ambient noises and breathy vocals. The arrangement builds gradually, creating a moody and atmospheric soundscape that eventually erupts into a climactic chorus described as both intense and radiant. Cheng's creeping bassline underpins the track, accompanied by what Chris DeVille of "Stereogum" describes as "celestial sighs worthy of the Cocteau Twins". Amy Sciarretto in "Loudwire" noted the presence of a "neo nu wave mood" throughout the track, and emphasized that the song maintains a sense of heaviness despite Moreno's restrained, non-screaming vocal delivery. According to Sam Law of "Kerrang!", the song presents a widescreen soundscape for Moreno's abstract lyrics, which imagine the metamorphosis of a person into a fly, lyrics the band has suggested may metaphorically reflect the aftermath of a traumatic breakup. "Uproxx"'s Ian Cohen characterized the song as "very sinister", pointing to its themes of unnerving voyeurism and witnessing moral and physical decline while also participating in it. Writing for "The A.V. Club", Ashley Naftule highlighted the disorienting qualities introduced by Delgado's electronics, which contribute to a dreamlike and unstable atmosphere.
Release.
"Change (In the House of Flies)" was released on May 16, 2000, by Maverick Records as the first single from Deftones' third album, "White Pony". While the label initially favored a more aggressive, rap rock-oriented single, the band advocated for "Change" to lead the album's promotion. Moreno recalled a disagreement with Maverick's Guy Oseary over the choice, saying he believed "Change" was the best song on the album, even if it wasn't the most intense. Ultimately, the band's preference prevailed, and the label substituted this with a second single off "White Pony", "Back to School (Mini Maggit)". 
"Change" received a strong initial response from both radio stations and listeners. Within a week of its release, it became the most-added song at active rock and alternative radio, with more than 60 stations picking it up. Some modern rock outlets reportedly began playing the track after downloading it from Napster, aiming to be first on the air. The song went on to become Deftones' most commercially successful single, peaking at number three on "Billboard"'s Alternative Airplay chart and number nine on the Mainstream Rock chart. Although it did not enter the "Billboard" Hot 100, it reached number five on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. Internationally, it peaked at number 53 on the UK Singles Chart and number 54 in Scotland. In 2023, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) certified the song silver for over 200,000 sales in the United Kingdom. In 2025, the song was certified 4× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over 4,000,000 in the United States.
Critical reception.
"Change (In the House of Flies)" has been widely acclaimed by critics and is often cited among the best songs in Deftones' discography. Jon Hadusek of "Consequence" ranked it as the band's greatest track, calling it a "modern classic" and "one of the greatest alternative rock songs of all time". He described it as a "pure and perfect distillation" of what makes the band captivating and concluded that "If we could only take one Deftones song — only one — with us for the rest of our lives, let it be 'Change'". Sam Law in "Kerrang!" placed the song second on his list of top Deftones tracks, stating that it redefined the band's identity at the start of the 2000s and marked their transition from "nu-metal outsiders to alt.metal messiahs". "Loudwire"'s Amy Sciarretto also ranked it as the band's best song, noting that it "proudly displayed new elements of the band's musical personality", which resonated strongly with fans. Ian Cohen of "Uproxx" ranked the song third on the outlet's list of greatest Deftones songs.
Music video.
The music video for "Change (In the House of Flies)" was directed by Liz Friedlander. According to Delgado, the concept was "a never-ending party, going on for three days or so – a wild, exotic, indulgent party". The idea originated with Moreno and Cheng, who developed it after rejecting various proposals they felt were unsuitable. Moreno described the submitted treatments as either "over-artsy" or "just straight-up silly", citing examples such as the band performing alongside skateboarders. He stated, "Everything was either too complicated or too easy." In response, he and Cheng created their own treatment, which was then sent to the director Nigel Dick. Moreno said he wanted to include performance in the video, but not in a typical setting with fans or in stylized locations, such as "a desert dressed in Gucci clothing trying to look weird." He suggested filming at his own house to reflect a more genuine version of the band. Cohen noted that "Change" would not have been well served by a video of the band simply performing in an interesting-looking studio, as the song is "too slow, too tense" for that kind of treatment. While Dick did not end up directing the video, the project was ultimately helmed by Friedlander.
The video was filmed on May 30 and 31, 2000, at a rented mansion in the Hollywood Hills, rather than at Moreno's home as originally planned. It depicts Deftones performing at a party while not being the central focus. The video opens with a shot of a rundown room, with single-use plastic forks visible. Moreno then appears and begins to sing. When the camera zooms in on him, he is alone, but in the next shot, he is surrounded by people. Many of the people in the video appear joyless and fatigued. A model featured in the video described the premise as resembling a group that had been "up on drugs for three days". Cohen added that "They blend in with their surroundings, but don't quite belong, as none of the band members seem to be acknowledged by anyone they're playing for." Friedlander occasionally cuts away to scenes of the band performing alone in a living room. The video concludes as it began: with Moreno alone and the house still in disarray. Writing for "Kerrang!", Mike Rampton noted that aside from some static effects and the use of single-use plastic, the video remains "impressively un-dated", observing that the fashion and tone still feel contemporary despite the time that has passed since its release.

</doc>
<doc id="7010693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010693" title="Byron (IL)">
Byron (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010695" title="Genoa (IL)">
Genoa (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010697" title="9/11 Truth">
9/11 Truth



</doc>
<doc id="7010698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010698" title="Cettie Spelman">
Cettie Spelman



</doc>
<doc id="7010701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010701" title="Schweizerhaus">
Schweizerhaus

The Schweizerhaus (literally "Swiss house") is a Viennese restaurant, rich in tradition, that is inseparably linked with the Prater, a large public area and park in Leopoldstadt, the second district of Vienna, Austria's capital.
Beer garden.
The restaurant has a huge beer garden which is subdivided into smaller areas, each of which is named accordingly to a town district of Vienna (itself being situated in Leopoldstadt, the 2nd of 23), with the bar being an exception. Its name "Franz-Josef-Bahnhof" (railway station) is taken from the Vienna train station of the same name. There are also two areas named for Vienna city sectors: Oberlaa and Kaisermühlen, so called independent regions. This arrangement is meant, above all, for easier orientation within the garden, and the various geographical reference points serve as an aid for the crew.
Besides the classic Viennese culinary specialties, such as "goulash" and "Wiener Schnitzel", the trademark dish of the restaurant is "Schweinsstelzen" (pig's feet). Another specialty is Budweiser Budvar beer, a popular beer brand from the Czech Republic, served fresh from the tap. The Schweizerhaus is open from March 15 until October 31.
History.
The name "Schweizerhaus" is derived from a "Schweizer Meierei" (Swiss dairy) that was opened in the Prater in 1868. It supposedly already existed in 1766 as the "Schweizer Hütte" (Swiss lodge) in the Prater, which was not yet a public park at this time. In 1814 it was reputedly renamed "Zum russischen Kaiser" (Russian Tsar).
From 1907 to 1920, there was already a restaurant at the present location of the Schweizerhaus. It was operated by a host named Jan Gabriel before Karl Kolarik took it over and made it into a family business.
The term "Schweiz" (Switzerland) in the name of the restaurant has little or nothing to do with Switzerland, and is not even due to an original Swiss owner. Rather, the name came about because, in the time of the emperors, Switzerland had been, for centuries, associated with opulence and sophisticated gastronomy.
Fire in the Schweizerhaus.
On the night of the 10th and 11 June 2005, a fire broke out in the Schweizerhaus . According to police reports, it was a case of arson by a yet unknown person. 

</doc>
<doc id="7010704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010704" title="Freeport (IL)">
Freeport (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010706" title="911 Truth">
911 Truth



</doc>
<doc id="7010708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010708" title="9/11Truth">
9/11Truth



</doc>
<doc id="7010709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010709" title="Belvidere (IL)">
Belvidere (IL)



</doc>
<doc id="7010710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010710" title="Thai temple art and architecture">
Thai temple art and architecture

Thai temple art and architecture is the art and architecture of Buddhist temples in Thailand. Temples are known as "wats", from the Pāḷi "vāṭa", meaning "enclosure". A temple has an enclosing wall that divides it from the secular world. Temples served as a stabilizing center in these communities because their sacred teachings became a basis of authority and boundaries, their precincts became places of instruction, their regimes of common ownership of property formed them into economic centers, and their functions allowed them to serve at the heart of these communities in a variety of ways.
Architecture.
Wat architecture adheres to consistent principles. A wat, with few exceptions, consists of two parts: the "Phutthawat" and the "Sangkhawat".
Phutthawat.
The Phutthawat () is the area which is dedicated to Buddha. It generally contains several buildings:
The buildings are often adorned with elements such as "chofas".
In temples of the Rattanakosin era, such as Wat Pho and Wat Ratchabophit, the ubosot can be contained within a (low) inner wall called a "Kamphaeng Kaeo" (), which translates to "crystal wall".
Sangkhawat.
The sangkhawat () contains the monks' living quarters. It lies within the wall surrounding the temple compound. The sangkhawat can have the following buildings:
Temple elements.
Roof forms.
Temples display multiple roof tiers. The use of ornamented tiers is reserved for roofs on temples, palaces and important public buildings. Two or three tiers are most often used, but some royal temples have four. The practice is more aesthetic than functional. Temple halls and their roofs are large. To lighten the roof's appearance, the lowest tier is the largest with a smaller middle layer and the smallest tier on top. Multiple breaks in each roof lighten it further – a double-tiered roof might have 2–4 breaks in each tier. The tiers, breaks and tier patterns create dynamic visual rhythms. In northern temples, the roof area is larger, sweeping low to cover more of the wall. The lower tiers telescope toward the entrance. In a central Thai temple, the lower tiers reach a short distance beyond the top roof at the gable ends.
Roof finials.
Most decorations are attached to the bargeboard, the long, thin panel on the edge of the roof at the gable ends. The decorative structure is called the "lamyong". The "lamyong" is sculpted in an undulating, serpentine "nag sadung" shape evoking the "Nāga". Its blade-like projection called "bai raka" suggest both "Nāga" fins and the feathers of Garuda. Its lower finial is called a "hang hong", which usually takes the form of a "Nāga"'s head turned up and facing away from the roof. The "Nāga" head may be styled in flame-like "kranok" motifs and may have multiple heads. A roof with multiple breaks or tiers has identical "hang hong" finials at the bottom of each section. Perched on the peak of the "lamyong" is the large curving ornament called a "Chofah", which resembles the beak of a bird, perhaps representing Garuda.
Popular temple icons.
Thai Theravada Buddhism and Hindu cultures merged, and Hindu elements were introduced into Thai iconography. Popular figures include the four-armed figure of Vishnu; the garuda (half man, half bird); the eight-armed Shiva; elephant-headed Ganesh; the "Nāga", which appears as a snake, dragon or cobra; and the ghost-banishing giant Yaksha.

</doc>
<doc id="7010714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010714" title="911Truth">
911Truth



</doc>
<doc id="7010718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010718" title="911truth">
911truth



</doc>
<doc id="7010726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010726" title="9/11truth">
9/11truth



</doc>
<doc id="7010729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010729" title="Home Energy Station">
Home Energy Station

Home Energy Station is the name of Honda's heat and electricity generator for the home as well as a fuel provider for hydrogen-powered fuel cell vehicles. HES IV is able to supply a sufficient amount of hydrogen to power a fuel cell vehicle, such as the Honda FCX, for daily operation while providing electricity for an average-sized household on an average days usage of energy.
The system reforms natural gas to extract up to 3 normal cubic meters per hour (Nm3/hr) of hydrogen, which is stored in an internal tank. This hydrogen is stored for later use by the vehicle, and can also be supplied to hydrogen appliances or fuel cells within the home. The heat generated by the reforming process can also provide hot water to the home.
In addition to providing as much as 5 kilowatts of electrical power to the home, the Home Energy Station is also able to function as a backup power generation system during power outages.
2005 - The Home Energy Station III underwent testing at Honda R&amp;D Americas Torrance, California.
2007 - The Home Energy Station IV underwent testing for use with the Honda FCX Clarity.

</doc>
<doc id="7010733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010733" title="Takachiho">
Takachiho



</doc>
<doc id="7010740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010740" title="911truth.org">
911truth.org



</doc>
<doc id="7010741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010741" title="Gjorgji Pulevski">
Gjorgji Pulevski



</doc>
<doc id="7010746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010746" title="Silver Seed">
Silver Seed



</doc>
<doc id="7010750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010750" title="ITN, Sri Lanka">
ITN, Sri Lanka



</doc>
<doc id="7010754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010754" title="QuickSilver (project)">
QuickSilver (project)

The QuickSilver project at Cornell University is an AFRL-funded effort to build a platform in support of a new generation of scalable, secure, reliable distributed computing applications able to "regenerate" themselves after failure.
Among the partners on this project are DARPA funding under the SRS program, the United States Air Force. Raytheon, Microsoft, IBM, and Amazon.
The principal investigators are Cornell Professors Kenneth P. Birman, Johannes Gehrke, and Paul Francis

</doc>
<doc id="7010755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010755" title="Moral Disorder">
Moral Disorder

Moral Disorder () is a collection of connected short stories by Margaret Atwood. It was first published on 4 September 2006 by McClelland and Stewart. It chronicles the hidden pains of a troubled Canadian family over a 60-year span. All the short stories have the same female main character at different times of her life, except the last one, which is an autobiographical tale.
The book title is taken from the title of the novel that Graeme Gibson was writing in 1996, when he decided to stop writing novels.
Summary of the Stories.
The Bad News.
The female character reflects on the morning habits of her husband and herself. He rushes into the bedroom to tell her the news from the paper. He is eager to share the burden. But she would rather wait until breakfast. Their behavior has settled into patterns. She feels that they are just waiting for the time when their world will start collapsing. Remembering a vacation to Glanum, she imagines them as ancient Romans, discussing over breakfast the bad news about the Barbarian invasions.
The Art of Cooking and Serving.
The girl is aged 11, and her mother is pregnant with a child. The girl struggles to understand what her mother is experiencing, and resents the lack of household contribution throughout the pregnancy. The young girl works diligently to complete all of the household chores, as well as knitting the baby a layette.
With the birth of the baby, the girl begins to rebel against her mother's wishes, ultimately succeeding in her wish to gain more freedom.
The Headless Horseman.
In the present, the main character and her sister talk about the past while driving to visit their mother, whose health is failing. They talk about their youth. When the older sister was thirteen, the baby being two, she made a Halloween costume of the Headless Horseman. Later the baby sister included the severed head in her games. She was always very sensitive and impressionable, coming close, in her teens, to suicidal thoughts. This section particularly explores how her sister goes through several childhood socialisation issues along with health issues, this being failing to sleep amongst many others.
My Last Duchess.
Before her final high-school exam, she studies with her boyfriend Bill. In particular, they analyze the poem "My Last Duchess" by Robert Browning. It is a monologue by the Duke of Ferrara that implies he may have killed his young wife because "she smiled too much". Bill, whose strength is algebra and exact sciences, can't understand the poem. The main character makes an effort to explain it to him, but finds that she herself is haunted by questions. Her first superficial erotic experiences are contrasted with the dark side hinted at by the poem. She and Bill eventually break up because he accuses her of defending the Duke. There is some truth in the accusation, since she finds the Duchess a "dumb bunny".
The Other Place.
As a young adult, the main character travels a lot, going from job to job as a kind of intellectual nomad. During this time, her friends settle down and have a family. She wonders whether she will always be alone and roaming or will she eventually settle down. Even when the sexual revolution happens and behavior like hers becomes common, she feels different because she has a seriousness that others don't show. At one time, she has an apartment in Vancouver and a similarly lonely friend comes often to visit. He tells her about when his three brothers almost killed him in a cruel joke by locking him in an ice box. Later she marries Tig and lives the settled life she was thinking about. But she often dreams of being in an apartment similar to the one she had in Vancouver and of knowing that a child is locked away dying in one of the rooms. She wonders if the place in her dream represents the past or is a place in her future.
Monopoly.
In this story the narration switches to third person. We learn that the main character is called Nell. She is a free-lance editor and gets a job helping an author, Oona, write a self-help book for women. In a moment of confidence, Oona tells Nell that her marriage with Tig is in crisis and they stay together only for the benefit of their two sons. They have liberal sexual attitudes and Oona selects Nell as Tig's lover. Later Tig moves out of the marriage and rents a farm. Nell goes to visit but is not allowed to stay when the children come. Eventually she has the permission to stay at the farm when they are there but is supposed to take care of them. She plays Monopoly with them and can't help being competitive and beating them. She feels like a concubine or a governess.
Moral Disorder.
Tig and Nell move to a new farm. They start growing vegetables and raising animals, first hens, then peacocks, cows, and sheep. The locals see them as town people ignorant of the country lifestyle, but they also help. One of the new-born lambs need to be fed by hand and kept inside the house. Nell grows attached to it. When the lamb grows up, it doesn't adapt to living with the other sheep and becomes aggressive against Tig out of jealousy for Nell. It has to be put down. Coming back from the slaughterhouse, Nell cries and accuses Tig of not wanting her to have babies.
White Horse.
A friend of Nell rescues an old mistreated mare named Gladys and presses her on Nell and Tig. The friend teaches Nell to take care of her and to ride her. Nell's sister Lizzie comes to visit, especially when she's having one of her crises. A psychiatrist diagnoses her with schizophrenia and gives her pills that make her sluggish and apathetic. He tells Nell that it would be dangerous to reveal her condition to Lizzie. Eventually, they consult a specialist and it turns out that the psychiatrist was a quack and the pills unnecessary and dangerous. Lizzie resents Nell for not telling her about the diagnosis. She becomes energetic again and is fond of running along Gladys. In the meantime, Nell becomes pregnant, but does not tell anybody yet. One night the white mare escapes from the barns, runs into the street, and is killed by a car; Nell feels guilty. In an outlook into the future, the reader learns that Lizzie's crises eventually stop, and that she gets married, and that Nell and Tig move back to the city.
The Entities.
Nell and Tig have sold their farm and went back to live in Toronto. Their real-estate agent, Lillie, is an elderly lady, a survivor of a German concentration camp. With her help they find a nice small house and, later, a larger one. Oona, meanwhile, has become hostile and accuses Tig of being rich and hiding his money to avoid paying her alimony. Her health fails and she is unable to work, having to leave her house. Nell, using a small inheritance, buys a house and allows Oona to live there for a nominal rent to make things easier for all of them. But Oona is still unhappy, her health deteriorates further, so her sons find a small apartment that is more appropriate for her. On the day the house is to be shown to possible buyers, Tig and Oona's children find Oona dead on the floor. The elder son has to break a window to enter; he cuts his leg and bleeds a lot. After this, Lillie is convinced that there is an evil presence in the house. This is later seen as the first sign of Alzheimer's disease. A medium is called and says that some "entities" are entering at the place where the blood was. She makes a charm to move this entry point outside to the garden. Later Nell tells this to the new owners of the house who find it amusing.
The Labrador Fiasco.
Nell visits her parents. Her father has suffered a stroke and has recovered only partially. He used to be very active but now passes his days in inactivity. Nell's mother reads him a book about the doomed Labrador exploration mission of Hubbard and Wallace. He knows the story very well and comments on the mistakes they made. He later has another stroke that takes his short-term memory away. In his mind the predicament of the explorers, trying desperately to find the way back home, combines with his desire to go back "home", that is, the state things were before the strokes.
The Boys at the Lab.
This story is told in first person by the author. She is taking care of her ninety-year-old mother, looking at old photographs, and trying to reconstruct the stories behind them. Her father used to do research in entomology in a log lab in the woods. Among his assistants, collectively called "the boys at the lab", there were two young men called Cam and Ray. Her mother seemed to have a special liking for them. She says that Cam died of an unspecified disease. Another one of the boys came from India. He hadn't realized how rough the conditions would be and came with a tennis racquet and nice clothes. The author tries to imagine what her feelings might have been and tries to give a story to Cam and Ray. Throughout this, the author attempts to relive the memories that her mother had experienced, however her fragile condition (being blind and one ear deaf) means she does not recall these events.

</doc>
<doc id="7010760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010760" title="GrandPa's">
GrandPa's

GrandPa's or GrandPa Pidgeon's was a discount store founded in 1954 by Tom and Mildred Pidgeon, spreading across the midwest from its Bridgeton, Missouri (located in St. Louis County) origins, which remained truly "discount", when most others like Venture, Kmart and Target gradually raised prices in order to finance a more attractive layout and broader range of merchandise. Tom Pidgeon, born in Sebring, Ohio in 1902, was in the low price china business from the early 1930s to the early 1950s. He sold his company, Pidgeon Vitrified China in 1953 when he foresaw the impact plastic was having on the lower end dinnerware market. The first Grandpa Pidgeon's was opened in February 1954 and managed by his son-in-law, John (Jack) Holley, born in 1924 in Galena, Kansas.
In 1958 Jack Holley began a separate but related enterprise known as Grandpa's, and opened a store on Collinsville Road between East St. Louis and Collinsville, Illinois. Over the next decade, Holley subsequently opened several other stores in the St. Louis metropolitan area, before buying the company outright from his father-in-law in 1968.
Holley formed the Gramex Corporation in 1970, which also oversaw such companies as Forsythe Computers and Omni Sports, which was forced to close due to increasing competition.
In 1986 Jack Holley retired and turned the company over to his oldest son Tom Holley, who presided over an expansion both within and outside the metro St. Louis area into locations such as Greenville, Illinois and Farmington, Missouri, among other places. By the late 1990s there were thirteen Grandpa's locations.
GrandPa's was sold, in 1999, to Value City. It had approximately $200,000,000 in sales in its final year. It was profitable until its sale, failing to end only 1993 in the black, but was said to be facing a harder struggle near the end.
The company was known for their newspaper distributed advertising circulars that were printed mostly with black ink on a brown paper, in contrast to the glossy full color circulars of competitors.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7010761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010761" title="Amity Township">
Amity Township

Amity Township is the name of several townships in the US:

</doc>
<doc id="7010762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010762" title="Oakland (Amtrak station)">
Oakland (Amtrak station)



</doc>
<doc id="7010765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010765" title="Penial fracture">
Penial fracture



</doc>
<doc id="7010767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010767" title="QuickSilver (system)">
QuickSilver (system)



</doc>
<doc id="7010769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010769" title="Almeloveen">
Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7010771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010771" title="Pyramid State Recreation Area">
Pyramid State Recreation Area

Pyramid State Recreation Area, the largest state recreation area in Illinois, contains . It is located within Perry County, and is administered by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources (Illinois DNR). The nearest large town is Pinckneyville, Illinois.
History and current use.
Pyramid State Recreation Area is almost entirely made up of land that was strip mined for coal. Like much of Southern Illinois, the region lay atop Pennsylvanian deposits of coal. Much of the coal was owned by St. Louis interests, and was shipped to that city for heating and industrial production during the first part of the 1900s. Until the 1960s, it was the custom to write off strip-mined sections of Illinois as worthless.
In 1959, the "Pyramid Coal Company" ceased mining operations, and of former coal-mining property soon entered state hands, being owned and used by Southern Illinois University for research into the rehabilitation of strip-mined coal properties. In 1968, a predecessor of Illinois DNR acquired this parcel of land, and continued the rehabilitation process of the parcel as a new natural area, at first named Pyramid State Park. After further land acquisition the new state park contained approximately of open space. In 2001, Illinois DNR acquired of additional reclaimed land from a separate coal company, forming the largest portion of the new Pyramid State Recreation Area.
The deposits of coal mine tailings on Pyramid State Recreation Area give the park an undulating appearance, very different from the natural geomorphology of most of Illinois. There are 24 separate lakes and bodies of water. A 10-horsepower boating limit is enforced throughout the park. of trails offer challenges to hikers, horseback riders, and mountain bikers. There are three primitive campgrounds.
The Illinois DNR manages sections of the park for the hunting of deer, upland birds such as doves, pheasants, and wild turkey, and waterfowl. Park hunting rules grant certain enumerated preferences to deer bowhunters. There is extensive fishing for largemouth bass, bluegill, and catfish, and limited fishing for smallmouth bass, muskie, northern pike, and walleye. Much of the former strip-mined land has been replanted with trees, with tolerant, early succession trees such as cottonwood, box elder, and sycamore predominating. Illinois DNR planners hope to increase the numbers of oak and hickory trees in the recreation area.
Birds.
The Pyramid State Recreation Area has been listed by the Audubon Society as an "Important Bird Area of Illinois", because of the extensive grasslands located within the state park and the parcel's vulnerability to infestation from exotic species. The avian advocates note the state park's service as a territory for wetland birds such as the sandhill crane, trumpeter swan, and owls such as the barn owl and the short-eared owl.

</doc>
<doc id="7010773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010773" title="Beaconsfield station (MBTA)">
Beaconsfield station (MBTA)

Beaconsfield station is an MBTA light rail station in Brookline, Massachusetts. It serves the Green Line D branch. It is located off Dean Road and Beaconsfield Road just south of Beacon Street. Like the other stops on the line, it was a commuter rail station on the Boston and Albany Railroad's Highland branch until 1958, when the line was closed and converted to a branch of what is now the Green Line. The station reopened along with the rest of the line in 1959. Beaconsfield was made accessible in October 2024; additional reconstruction is planned to begin in 2026.
History.
B&amp;A station.
The Boston and Worcester Railroad opened a branch from Brookline Junction to Brookline on April 10, 1848. The Charles River Branch Railroad extended the Brookline branch to Newton Upper Falls in November 1852 and to Needham in June 1853. The Boston and Albany Railroad bought back the line, then part of the New York and New England Railroad, in February 1883. It was double-tracked and extended to the B&amp;A main at Riverside; "Newton Circuit" service via the Highland branch and the main line began on May 16, 1886.
There was not originally a station on the line at Dean Road. In late 1906, transit magnate Henry Melville Whitney built a new station to serve his nearby Beaconsfield Hotel. Work on the station began in October 1906 by the firm of Benjamin Fox. It was built in a heavy stone style similar to the Richardsonian Romanesque stations constructed elsewhere on the B&amp;A system in the previous two decades. By November, the masonry was largely complete, the roof ready for tile, and the granolithic floor and platform ready to be poured. The platform was poured in December 1906. The new station opened on February 1, 1907.
Conversion to light rail service.
In June 1957, the Massachusetts Legislature approved the purchase of the branch by the M.T.A. from the nearly-bankrupt New York Central Railroad for conversion to a trolley line. Service ended on May 31, 1958. The line was quickly converted for trolley service, and the line including Beaconsfield station reopened on July 4, 1959. The 1906-built station was torn down to build a parking lot; a small wooden shelter was built on the inbound platform.
The M.T.A. was folded into the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) in August 1964. A heated shelter for fare machines on the outbound side was added around 2006, though no substantial modifications were made to the station until the 2020s.
Accessibility.
In 2019, the MBTA indicated that the four remaining non-accessible stops on the D branch were "Tier I" accessibility priorities. A preliminary design contract for accessibility modifications at the four stations was issued in February 2021. The station platforms will be raised and rebuilt, the wood shelter repaired, and a path constructed under Dean Road to Waldstein Playground. Design reached 75% in June 2022 and was completed late that year.
By November 2023, construction was expected to be advertised in early 2024 and begin midyear. However, in June 2024, the MBTA indicated that the renovations at the four stations would be done in two phases. The first phase added sections of accessible platform similar to those previously installed at ; some entrances were made accessible. Construction at the four stations took place primarily over the weekends of October 5–6 and 19–20, 2024, leaving them "generally accessible". The full renovations are expected to begin in 2026 to serve new Type 10 vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="7010774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010774" title="Theodorus Janssonius ab Almeloveen">
Theodorus Janssonius ab Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7010775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010775" title="Beta substitution">
Beta substitution



</doc>
<doc id="7010776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010776" title="Gaston Maurice Julia">
Gaston Maurice Julia



</doc>
<doc id="7010777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010777" title="Theodore Jansson van Almeloveen">
Theodore Jansson van Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7010779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010779" title="Traffic reporter">
Traffic reporter



</doc>
<doc id="7010780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010780" title="Trinidade">
Trinidade



</doc>
<doc id="7010781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010781" title="Theodore Jansson ab Almeloveen">
Theodore Jansson ab Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7010783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010783" title="Theodore Jansson of Almeloveen">
Theodore Jansson of Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7010795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010795" title="QuickSilver Scalable Multicast">
QuickSilver Scalable Multicast



</doc>
<doc id="7010796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010796" title="Theodorus Janssonius">
Theodorus Janssonius



</doc>
<doc id="7010798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010798" title="Theodore Jansson">
Theodore Jansson



</doc>
<doc id="7010801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010801" title="1983 Little League World Series">
1983 Little League World Series

The 1983 Little League World Series took place between August 23 and August 27 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The East Marietta National Little League of Marietta, Georgia, defeated the Liquito Hernandez Little League of Barahona, Dominican Republic, in the championship game of the 37th Little League World Series.
The championship game did not feature a team from Taiwan for the first time since . Their six consecutive finals appearances remain a record by one country or U.S. state.
Champions Path.
The East Marietta National LL had an undefeated record of 11–0 to reach the LLWS. In total, their record was 14–0. 

</doc>
<doc id="7010803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010803" title="QuickSilver Properties Framework">
QuickSilver Properties Framework



</doc>
<doc id="7010814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010814" title="Theodoor Jansson van Almeloveen">
Theodoor Jansson van Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7010816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010816" title="Battle of Idano">
Battle of Idano

The Battle of Idano (井田野合戦) was a battle during the Sengoku period (16th century) of Japan. 
The battle took place seven days after the murder of Matsudaira leader Kiyoyasu (grandfather of Tokugawa Ieyasu) at the hands of his vassal Abe Masatoyo.
The forces of Matsudaira set out to take revenge against the rebel Masatoyo and his army, and were victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="7010819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010819" title="Mark twain boyhood home and museum">
Mark twain boyhood home and museum



</doc>
<doc id="7010820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010820" title="Nullentropy">
Nullentropy



</doc>
<doc id="7010827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010827" title="Auxiliary label">
Auxiliary label

An auxiliary label (also called cautionary and advisory label or prescription drug warning label) is a label added on to a dispensed medication package by a pharmacist in addition to the usual prescription label. These labels are intended to provide supplementary information regarding the safe administration, use, and storage of the medication. Auxiliary labels provide information which can augment but not replace verbal counselling from a pharmacist.
History.
Auxiliary labels became popular during the second half of the nineteenth century.
In 2013, the first recommendations for auxiliary label usage in the United States were published as USP Chapter &lt;17&gt;. This included a recommendation to limit the use of auxiliary labels to evidence-based labels with critical information, and without pictures unless evidence shows increased efficacy when a picture is used. It is further recommended that labels are placed in a manner obvious to the patient without having to turn or rotate the package.
Contents.
Auxiliary labels are small stickers consisting of one or more lines of text intended to enhance patient knowledge, with or without a pictogram. The directions for use included on the standard prescription label are typically limited to direct administration information, such as how often, when, and how to take the medication. As such, auxiliary labels are used for additional information that is not included in those directions for use printed on the label, or information which cannot fit on the prescription label itself due to limited space. Overall, auxiliary labels contain information intended to promote proper medication adherence through reminders about important information that will be seen anytime the bottle is picked up. They should be designed to be as simple as possible, written in plain language, and understandable for people with low health literacy.
Sometimes auxiliary labels are used not to add additional information to the packaging, but instead to reinforce information with a pictorial representation of the instructions for use. This may consist of a pictoral representation of the frequency of use, time of day to take, the administration route, or other information. Picture representations of directions can be useful for patients with low literacy, or who have trouble reading and comprehending text instructions due to age, eyesight, or language barriers.
As some medications must be stored under specific conditions (such as in original container with dessicant, or refrigerated), auxiliary labels may be used to reinforce these storage requirements to ensure it does not degrade through improper storage. Because some people may have difficulty swallowing medications whole, auxiliary labels may be used to provide advice on solutions, such as whether the medication can be chewed, crushed, or cut. Another use of auxiliary labels is important information on side effects or drug/food interactions. 
A 2016 study found that many patients consider side effects to be important information to be included on a prescription package and that auxiliary labels are a good tool to provide this information on the packaging itself (as opposed to a separate information sheet/handout). The same study found that patients associated the use of red as a highlight color with information regarding warnings, allergies, or side effects.
Usage.
Deciding what auxiliary labels are suitable for a particular prescription requires knowledge of the drug's classification, interactions, and side effects. One study of auxiliary label usage found that about 80% of dispensed prescriptions would benefit from at least one auxiliary label to reinforce information, or provide additional important information aside from the directions for use. The most common auxiliary labels on prescriptions include "May cause drowsiness" and "alcohol may intensify the effect of this medication".
There is no standard for how to place auxiliary labels on a prescription, but they should be placed in a manner that they will be visible and intelligible in the normal course of medication usage. Auxiliary labels placed on a prescription vial may be placed vertically, horizontally, or on the vial cap, which is called "interactive placement". Placement of the label in an interactive manner where the patient must interact with it to open the vial increases the chance the label is noticed and considered by the patient. Both horizontal and interactive placement are superior to vertical placement, which is due to the need to rotate the vial to read the information on a vertically placed label. One study in 2007 found that 82% of prescriptions had auxiliary labels placed vertically, requiring the bottle to be tilted to read the text. The same study found a wide variation in coloring used on auxiliary labels from different pharmacies, and that between 8-25% of prescriptions filled had no warning labels at all.
The use of auxiliary labels does not substitute for pharmacist consultation about medications, nor for any supplemental medication guides or handouts recommended or required to be distributed with a drug. Auxiliary labels should only be used to remind or enhance instructions for use or warnings that have already been given by the pharmacist or doctor to the patient verbally.
Effectiveness.
Auxiliary labels can commonly be misinterpreted, especially when multi-step or multi-part instructions are present on one label. Misinterpretation of auxiliary labels can occur when patients are unable to understand the wording of the label, and thus assume an instruction based on the pictogram or color of the label. In addition to misinterpretation, some studies have found that most patients ignore auxiliary labels on prescriptions completely, especially those with low health literacy. This may be due in part to the belief that information presented on the bottle is not important, or due to the manner in which the labels are affixed to the vial. When auxiliary labels are used as a reminder to the patient of important information, failure to understand and follow the instructions from auxiliary labels can result in treatment failure or adverse effects. The effectiveness of auxiliary labels can vary greatly between different label formats and specific text, with a 2006 survey finding that one common multi-step, complex label ("Do not take dairy products, antacids, or iron preparations within 1 hour of this medication") was interpreted correctly only 7.6% of the time.
The overall effectiveness of auxiliary labels depends on the number of labels affixed, the design of the label, and their positioning on the medication package or vial. Simplifying the content and number of auxiliary labels can improve patient comprehension. In the United States, many labels are commonly only stocked in English, which can decrease the chance of understanding in areas with significant non-English speaking populations. Only one third of auxiliary labels in the United States are available in languages other than English.
Common elements considered to increase the chance of effectiveness of an auxiliary label include a single-step instruction, using easy-to-read text (for example, low Lexile score), use of clear, simple icons (if present), use of color to represent severity, and clarity of the instruction being represented. Font size and style, including boldface or capitalization patterns, can also impact the effectiveness of an auxiliary label. The effectiveness of auxiliary labels is also increased when pharmacists explicitly instruct patients on their presence on the package, and explain the importance of each of the warnings being presented using the auxiliary labels. It has also been recommended that people with low health literacy and low literacy in general be consulted during the design process for auxiliary labels to improve the chance for comprehension and effectiveness.

</doc>
<doc id="7010837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010837" title="Dum dum airport">
Dum dum airport



</doc>
<doc id="7010848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010848" title="Go I Know Not Whither and Fetch I Know Not What">
Go I Know Not Whither and Fetch I Know Not What

Go I Know Not Whither and Fetch I Know Not What (, translit. "Poydi tuda, ne znau kuda, prinesi to, ne znau chto") is a Russian fairy tale collected by Alexander Afanasyev in "Narodnye russkie skazki".
Synopsis.
A royal hunter shoots a bird; wounded, it begs him not to kill it but to take it home, and when it goes to sleep, strike its head. He does so, and the bird becomes a beautiful woman. She proposes that they marry, and they do. After the marriage, she sees how hard he has to hunt and tells him to borrow one or two hundred rubles. He does so, and then buys silks with them. She conjures two spirits and sets them to make a marvelous carpet. Then she gives the carpet to her husband and tells him to accept whatever price he is given. The merchants do not know how much to pay for it, and finally, the king's steward buys it for ten thousand rubles. The king sees it and gives the steward twenty-five thousand for it.
The steward goes to the hunter's house to get another and sees his wife. He falls madly in love with her, and the king sees it. The steward tells him why, and the king goes himself and sees the hunter's wife. He decides that he should marry her instead and demands the steward devise a way to be rid of the husband. The steward, with a stranger's advice, has him sent to the land of the dead to ask of the former King's behavior, in the hope that he never returns. The hunter being told of this tells his wife. She gives him a magic ring and says that he must take the king's steward with him as a witness, to prove that he really has visited the Underworld. He does. After their return and seeing how the King's father was punished by the devils for his sins, the hunter thinks he fulfilled his duty, but the King becomes angry and just sends him back home. But who really gets the anger of the monarch, is the steward, who is ordered again to find another way to let the hunter disappear, or else the steward will be executed. The man asks again for advice from the stranger and he/she tells him to catch a large man-eating magical cat called Bajun who lives on an iron column in the thrice tenth kingdom. But against all their evil plans, the hunter catches the beast, with the help of his wife.
The king is enraged with the steward, who again goes to the same stranger. This time, the steward tells the king to send the hunter to "go I know not whither and bring back I know not what." The wife conjures spirits and all the beasts and birds to see if they know how to "go I know not whither and bring back I know not what." Then she goes out to sea and summons all the fish. But none of them can help her, so she gives him a ball, which if rolled before him would lead him where he needs to go, and a handkerchief, with directions to wipe his face with it whenever he washes. He leaves. The king sends a carriage for his "wife". She turns back into a bird and leaves.
Her husband finally comes to the old witch Baba Yaga. She gives him food and lets him rest; then she brings him water to wash. He wipes his face not with their towel but his handkerchief. She recognizes it as their sister's. She questions him, and he tells his story. The witch, who had never heard of something like that, knows an old frog who she thinks may know something. 
Baba Yaga gives him a jug to carry the frog, which can not walk fast enough. He does so, and the frog directs him to a river, where it tells him to get on the frog, and it swells large enough to carry him across. There, it directs him to listen to the old men who will arrive soon. He does and hears them summon "Shmat Razum" to serve them. Then the old men leave, and he hears Shmat Razum lament how they treated him. The men ask Shmat Razum to serve the hunter instead, and Shmat Razum agrees. 
Shmat Razum carries him back. The hunter stops at a golden arbor, where he meets three merchants. With Shmat Razum's directions, he exchanges his servant for three marvels, which could summon up a garden, a fleet of ships, and an army. But after a day, Shmat Razum returns to the hunter. 
In his own country, the hunter has Shmat Razum build a castle. His wife returns to him there. The former king of the country sees the castle and marches against the hunter. The new king, with the help of his wife, summons the fleet and the army. They defeat the other king and the hunter is chosen as the king in his place.
Analysis.
Tale type.
Russian scholarship classifies the tale, in the East Slavic Folktale Classification (), as tale type SUS 465A, "Красавица-жена («Пойди туда, не знаю куда»)" ("Beautiful Wife ('Go Somewhere, I Don't Know Where')"): a royal archer (or a poor man) marries a supernatural maiden; the emperor, wishing to have her to himself, sends the archer on difficult quests he accomplishes with his wife's help. The East Slavic type corresponds, in the international Aarne–Thompson–Uther Index, to type ATU 465, "The Man persecuted because of his beautiful wife", and its former subtype, AaTh 465A, "The Quest for the Unknown". This tale type involves a unmarried man capturing an animal and bringing it home. When the man is not at home, the animal takes off its animal skin and becomes a beautiful maiden. The hunter returns, burns the skin and marries the maiden. Some time later, an emperor, lord or nobleman of superior rank lusts after the wife of supernatural origin and sends the mortal husband on impossible quests.
In the third revision of the international index, German folklorist Hans-Jörg Uther subsumed subtypes AaTh 465A, AaTh 465B, AaTh 465C and AaTh 465D under a single tale type, ATU 465.
Role of the animal bride.
Professor Susan Hoogasian-Villa mentioned variants where the hero (a prince or a hunter) marries a maiden that becomes an aquatic animal (mostly fish, but sometimes a frog or a tortoise) or a kind of bird. Graham Anderson also noted that the supernatural wife in this tale type appears to show "amphibious connections", since she wears the disguise of a water animal (fish, turtle, frog).
Scholars Ibrahim Muhawi and Sharif Kanaana, in the Arab and Palestinian parallels they gathered, noted that the human husband is a fisherman "in most other [tales]". Likewise, Greek researcher Marilena Papachristophorou described that, in Greek variants, the animal bride comes in the shape of a turtle and the human husband is "usually a fisherman". Folklorist noted the resemblance between a Belarusian variant and tales from Asian peoples wherein a poor and destitute youth marries the daughter of a god.
Scholar Joanna Hubbs interpreted the tale under a mythological lens, and stated that the female characters of the story are representations of a powerful female divinity. Thus, in the tale, the male hunter achieves the happy ending due to the actions of his wife and her magical family. Likewise, scholars Ibrahim Muhawi and Sharif Kanaana stated that "in each case [of every tale]", the male protagonist is helped by his wife and her relatives (mother and/or sisters).
Role of the hero's rival.
Some scholars point out the hero's main rival may be his own father. The paternal antagonist also occurs in Greek variants, according to scholars Anna Angelopoulou and Aigle Broskou.
Armenian scholarship suggests that tale type ATU 465 underlies a theme of incest, reminiscent of the Greek myth of Oedipus. For instance, Tamar Hayrapetyan argues that an "archaic" version may preserve the hero's father lusting after his own daughter-in-law, while later tradition excises the incest theme altogether and replaces the father for a stranger.
Variants.
Professor Stith Thompson argued that the tale is "essentially East European", "at home in Russia", but could also be found in the Near East, in Baltic and Scandinavian countries. According to Japanese scholar Seki Keigo, the tale type is "common in eastern Europe, India, and China".
Literary predecessors.
The oldest attestation of the tale type is found in ancient East Asian literature of the 7th century, namely Chinese and Japanese. Seki Keigo pinned down its appearance in some literary collections of his country, such as in "Nihongi", the "Ryoi-ki" and the "".
Scholar David Blamires argues for the existence of the tale type in the medieval work "Gesta Romanorum". In the tale, an emperor is desirous to possess not the knight's wife, but the knight's "lands", and orders him to bring a black horse, a black falcon, a black dog and a black horn. The knight's wife guides her husband through the impossible quest.
Europe.
Professor Jack V. Haney stated that subtypes 465A and 465C appear as the "typical combination" in East Slavic, Baltic and Turkic, but type 465C only appears in Northeastern Europe and in Turkic traditions.
In a "Cossack" (Ukrainian) tale, "The Story of Ivan and the Daughter of the Sun", the peasant Ivan obtains a wife in the form of a dove maiden whose robe he stole when she was bathing. Some time later, a nobleman lusts after Ivan's dove maiden wife and plans to get rid of the peasant.
In an Armenian variant, "The Maiden of the Sea" (translated to French and republished as "La fille de la mer"), a poor widow, on her deathbed, instructs her only son to throw a loaf of bread into the sea, just as she did in life. One day, the youth arrives home and sees the place all clean and tidy. Suspecting something is amiss, the boy stays in waiting and sees a fish coming out of the sea and taking their fishskin off, revealing itself to be a beautiful maiden. The youth seizes her and she screams for help, to which a voice claims from the sea that the human is its son-in-law. The fish maiden and the youth marry and, one day, the Prince, passing by their cottage, sights the maiden and becomes enamored with her. He then orders her husband to meet his outlandish demands.
Baltic variants of the tale type (formerly AaTh 465A), like "Žaibas ir Perkūnas tabokinėje", attest the presence of Baltic thunder god Perkūnas.
In one Estonian variant, the human husband acquires a maiden from above as his wife, and in another the mother-in-law is the ruler of the Sun.
Russia.
In a tale by Bernard Isaacs, "Go I Know Not Where, Fetch I Know Not What", the hunter shoots a turtledove, which transforms into a maiden called Tsarevna Marya. When the hunter goes on the quest for the "something" the Tsar wants, he meets Baba Yaga, who the narrative describes as the "mother" of his wife.
In a tale translated by Jeremiah Curtin, "Go to the Verge of Destruction and Bring Back Shmat-Razum", one of the king's sharpshooters, named Fedot, spares a blue dove and she becomes a "soul-maiden", a lovely tsar's daughter. When her husband is tasked with bringing back "Shmat-Razum", he meets three princesses and their aged mother - her wife's family. The tale was also translated by Nisbet Bain with the title "Go I Know Not Whither—Fetch I Know Not What".
In a tale published by journalist Post Wheeler, "Schmat-Razum", the bowman Taraban, while on a hunt, sees seven white ducks with silver wings beneath a tree. When they alight near the "sea-ocean", the seven birds take off their silver wings and become maidens. Taraban hides the silver wings of one of them. The other six white ducks depart, but one stays behind. The maiden asks the stranger to give her wings back and, if they are a youth, she will marry him. They marry, but Taraban shows up at court to explain to the Tzar he married without his permission. Taraban presents his wife to the Tzar and his court, and they decide to send the bowman to look for "Schmat-Razum", to try to get rid of him.
In a tale translated by Charles Downing as "I know-not-what of I-know-not-where", the archer is called Petrushka. While on a hunt, he finds an injured dove and brings it home. The dove becomes a human girl named Masha, the Dove Maiden. After a while the emperor becomes enamored with Masha, and sends her husband on an errand to find "I-Know-Not-What" in a place called "I-Know-Not-Where". The archer completes the task with the help of Baba Yaga and a magical frog named Babushka-Lyagushka-Skakushka ("Grandmother Hopping Frog").
In a tale collected in the White Sea region from Russian storyteller with the title "Ондрей-стрелец" ("Ondrey, the Archer"), Ondrey is a member of the royal archers, and one day decides to go alone on a hunt. He shoots a female falcon (Russian: соколица, "sokolitsa") with an arrow and goes to kill it, but the falcon, with human voice, pleads for its life and asks to be taken to his home. He does and the falcon becomes a human maiden. They live as man and wife for some time. Months into their domestic arrangement, the falcon maiden wants to help her human husband improve is material wealth, so she weaves for him a carpet, and tells him to sell by the nighest price. The prince's servant buys it a hangs on a castle wall. The prince admires the handwork and asks about its origins. The servant says Ondrey's wife did it. They go to Ondrey's hut and his wife opens the door. They admire her great beauty, and, after returning to the palace, plot to kill Ondrey and take the maiden. Thus, the prince, advised by a witch, sends Ondrey on dangerous errands: first, to get a golden sheep's head from Buyan; then a golden pig hair; lastly, to go "don't know where", fetch "don't know what". The falcon maiden, named Elena the Beautiful, summons magical help to produce the golden sheep's head and the pig hair. As for the "don't know whay", Elena gives her husband a yarn he must roll out and follow the thread where it ends. With tears in his eyes, he says goodbye to his wife and follows the ball of yarn. It stops at a castle, where his wife's family lives. With the help of his mother-in-law, a wise sorceress, he locates the "don't know what": a spirit named Svat Naum.
Kalmyk people.
According to Baira Goryaeva, expert on Kalmyk folklore, tale type 465A, in the Kalmyk tale corpus, shows that the hero (of humble origins) marries a daughter of Khurmusta-Tengri, a celestial deity.
In a Kalmyk tale, "Tsarkin Khan and the Archer", an Archer steals the robe of a "golden-crowned" swan maiden when she was in human form and marries her. Later, the titular Tsarkin Khan wants to marry the Archer's swan maiden wife and plans to get rid of him by setting dangerous tasks.
Gagauz people.
In a tale from the Gagauz people, "Concerning the Sun", collected by Moshkov and translated by , a tsar orders his three sons to shoot three arrows to decide their fates. The elders' arrows land near human maidens; the youngest's falls nears a tortoise. The tsar's son takes the tortoise home and goes hunting. When he returns at night, he sees the place clean and tidy and a meal prepared for him. He discovers that the tortoise changes into a beautiful human maiden and gets rid of her shell. Some time later, his father, the tsar, sees his daughter-in-law and decides to have her for himself. So he goes to his son and tasks him with getting his dead mother (the tsar's dead wife)'s ring, by going into the other world. The magical wife, now human, instructs her human husband to go to the sea and shout into a hole, her mother will appear and give him the keys to the earth. The tsar's son obeys his wife and uses the keys on the locks of the earth; the enters the earth and begins a journey. Every stop he is asked by a person about a problem, and the tsar's son promises to bring the questions to God (tale type ATU 461, ""). He reaches a shining castle, and meets the mother of the Sun, who tells him that the Sun has his mother's ring. Coxwell compared the initial episode to the Russian tale "Frog Princess" and German (Grimm) tale "The Three Feathers".
Georgia.
According to Georgian scholarship, tale type ATU 402, "The Frog as Bride", is "contaminated" with (former) tale type AaTh 465C, "Beautiful Wife (The Journey to the Other World)": the task the hero's rival sets him is to visit Hell (Other World) in search of something (a soul of a deceased person, an object).
In a Georgian tale, "The Frog's Skin", three brothers try their luck in finding a bride by shooting three arrows at random locations. The third brother's arrow falls near a lake; a frog jumps out of it and he takes it home. His elder brothers find human girls as brides, whereas he has to remain with a frog, but such is his fate. One day, after he returns from work, he sees that the house has been swept and cleaned up. He decides to discover who is this mysterious housekeeper: he hides one day and sees that the frog casts off its amphibian skin to become a human maiden. The man takes skin to burn it. Despite his frog-wife's protests, he does it anyway. Some time later, news reach the ears of the lord of the country of the man's beautiful wife. Hellbent on earning her as his wife, the lord threatens the man with nearly impossible tasks or death. His wife reminds him of her warning, but gives him the means to save himself: he should go to the edge of the lake where he found her and summon for Mother and Father. The last task is to go to the Other World in search of the lord's mother and get from her a ring.
In a Georgian tale translated by Caucasologist with the title "Die Tochter der Sonne" ("The Daughter of the Sun"), three friends work together in the fields. One of them loses his harvest and leaves to look for work elsewhere. He works for a rich man and promises to collect all the hay in one day. He almost fulfills his promise, until he sees the Sun and begs it not to set until he has finished the last one. The sun sets and night comes; the man loses his work and goes to another employer, where he works as a shepherd. A wolf comes and takes a sheep to the woods. The man follows the wolf and rests a bit near a river. He then sees three Sun maidens descending from the sky to bathe in a lake. The man takes one of the Sun maidens to his poor hut and marries her. The Sun maiden gives him a magical ring. Some time later, the poor man wants to invite the monarch to see his humble house, but his wife warns against it. He invites the king, who sends his nazirs and viziers in his stead. The nazirs and viziers go the man's hut and see the Sun maiden. They report back to the king that a beautiful maiden is married to a poor man, when she is fit to be a king's wife. The king then sends the poor man to get the golden ram of the Sun. The man goes to his father-in-law and gets the ram. Next, the king orders the man to go to the Afterlife to retrieve the king's mother's ring. His wife gives him an apple and tells him to follow it wherever it rolls. The man follows the apple and finds a deer with giant antlers, an emaciated bull and a priest carrying a church on his back who ask him the answers for their problems. He also meets a strange couple, a woman building a tower with eggs, a baker who burns bread in an oven, and they explain they are being punished for misdeeds in their lives.
Greece.
According to Marilena Papachristophorou, Greek scholar supposed that the Greek oikotype (the animal wife as a turtle and the human husband as a fisherman) originated from an Oriental source.
Author Barbara Ker Wilson translated a Greek tale with the title "The Tortoise-Wife". In this tale, a poor fisherman named Elias catches a sea tortoise and brings it home. When he is away, the sea tortoise becomes a human maiden, does the chores and prepares the food, then goes back to being a tortoise again. One day, Elias discovers the tortoise maiden and wants to make her his wife. She consents to their marriage, but begs him not to burn the tortoise shell, lest future trouble befalls them. Despite her warnings, Elias burns the tortoise shell, so the maiden remains human at all times. Some time later, the king discovers the fisherman's beautiful wife and summons him to his court. Elias is given difficult tasks by the king, which he accomplishes with the help of his wife's sea tortoise mother.
Armenia.
In a 1991 article, researcher noted a similar combination between tale types 402, "The Frog Bride", and 465, "The Man persecuted because of his Beautiful Wife", in Armenia. She also argued that this combination was "stable" and "part of the Armenian tale corpus", with at least 8 variants recorded.
Asia.
Turkey.
A similar story is attested in the "Typen türkischer Volksmärchen" ("Turkish Folktale Catalogue"), devised by scholars Wolfram Eberhard and Pertev Naili Boratav. According to their system, abbreviated as TTV, EbBo or EB, in type TTV 86, "Das Frosch-Mädchen" ("The Frog-Maiden"), three princes try their luck in finding brides by throwing three arrows at random, the youngest prince's falls near a frog whom he marries; the frog bride's skin is burnt by the prince, and she remains human; due to this, the king, her father-in-law, begins to lust after her, and devises ways to kill his own son, by sending him on a quest for impossible things. According to Eberhard and Wolfram's system, the supernatural bride appears as a frog in most of the catalogued variants, followed by a turtle, and a rat or a dog in others. In other variants, the fairy maiden (a "peri") comes out of a piece of wood the male character (named Mehmet Efendi) takes home.
In a Turkish tale published by Ignác Kúnos with the title "The Fish-Peri", a young, poor fisherman catches a fish so beautiful it saddens him to sell it or cook it, so he decides to keep it in a well. The next day, after he returns from his fishing trip at night, he sees the place neat and tidy, and wonders who could have done it. He spies on the person responsible for it, and sees that the fish has become a beautiful maiden. The youth takes the fish skin and throws it in the fire. The fish maiden consents to become his wife. However, news of her beauty reach the ears of the Padishah, who begins to lust after the maiden, and sets the fisherman on three difficult quests: to build a palace of gold and diamond in the middle of the sea in 40 days; to prepare a feast so grand everyone would eat and there would still be much food left; to have a mule hatch out of an egg, and to find a year-old infant who could talk and walk.
Middle East.
In the "Arabian Nights" collection, the tale of "Prince Ahmad and the Fairy Peri Banu" is also classified as belonging to the tale type. Preceded by tale type ATU 653A, "The Rarest Thing in the World", the story continues as Prince Ahmad marries the Peri Banou, the daughter of the king of the jinni. The prince, after a while, visits his father, who becomes enamoured by his daughter-in-law.
Central Asia.
In a Tuvan tale, "Ösküs-ool and the Daughter of Kurbustu-Khan", poor orphan boy Ösküs-ool seeks employment with powerful khans. He is tasked with harvesting their fields before the sun sets, of before the moon sets. Nearly finishing both chores, the boy pleads to the moon and the sun to not set for a little longer, but time passes. The respective khans think he never finished the job, berate and whip him. Some time later, while living on his own, the daughter of Khurbustu-khan comes from the upper world in the form of a swan. The boy hides her clothing and she marries him, now that she is stranded on Earth. Some time later, an evil Karaty-khan demands that the youth produces a palace of glass and an invincible army of iron men for him - feats that he accomplishes thanks to his wife's advice and with help from his wife's relatives.
Korea.
In a Korean tale, "The Snail Woman", a poor farmer laments his solitude, but a woman's voice asks him to live with her. The youth sees no one but a tiny snail that he brings home. During the day, he toils in the rice fields, while the snail becomes a woman, does the chores and returns to the shell. The youth returns at night and amazes at the cleanliness of the place. He decides to discover who is responsible. On the third day, he sees that the snail becomes a human woman. He stops her before she returns to the shell. The snail woman reveals she is the daughter of the Dragon King, enchanted to be a mollusk. The enchantment is over and they live as husband and wife. A wealthy magistrate sees the woman and becomes enamoured. He decides to force the farmer to perform difficult tasks. The Dragon King's daughter says her father will help him.
Japan.
The tale type 465 is also registered in Japan, with the name "Tono no Nandai". Scholar Hiroko Ikeda reported 28 variants. Seki Keigo reported 39 variants, and noted its popularity in Japanese oral tradition.
In his system of Japanese folktales, Seki Keigo indexed a second type related to the story, which he titled "The Flute-player Bridegroom". In this cycle, a woman from the world above descends to earth and marries a human flute player, because she enjoys his flute playing. A local feudal lord imposes three tasks on the flute-player, otherwise he must surrender his wife to the feudal lord. After they deal with the lord's advances, the tale segues into the human's visit to his wife's home.
Khmu people.
Another variant, titled "The Orphan and the Sky Maidens", was collected from the Kammu people of Southeast Asia.
Buryat people.
In a Buryat tale, "Молодец и его жена-лебедь" (Mongolian: "Сагаан шубуугаар haмга хэhэн хубуун"; English: Molodets and his Swan-Wife), a down-on-his-luck boy tries to get a job herding horses in the steppes, lumbering for an old man and even planting crops, but no such luck. He decides to earn his living by fishing in a lake. And thus he spends his days. One day, he sees seven white birds coming down to the lake shore and decides to follow them. He sees they transforming into seven maidens. He hides and fetches the clothing of one of them, who gets left behind and the other depart. The bird-girl calls for the stranger: if a young man, she'll be his wife; if an old man, she'll be his daughter. The youth reveals himself, returns the birdskin, and they marry. One day, the bird maiden draws her portrait on a piece of paper that the wind blows away for seven days and seven nights, until the portrait lands on the lap of Abahai-khan, who falls madly in love with the maiden depicted and goes on a frantic search for her. He and his ministers discover she is the wife of the poor youth who lives near the lake. The Khan tries to send the poor youth on perilous quests to get rid of him, but, with his wife's help, he prevails and becomes the next khan.
Africa.
Egypt.
Scholar Hasan El-Shamy cited that the tale "Histoire du pêcheur et de son fils" ("The Story of the Fisherman and his Son"), collected by Guillaume Spitta-Bey in late-19th century, showed "the undisputable typological character" of type 465. In this tale, the king falls in love with the wife of a fisherman and conspires with his vizier to send him on dangerous quests.
Sudan.
In a Sudanese tale, "The fisherman and the prince", a humble fisherman catches a fish, brings to his hut and goes to the market. When he returns, he sees a great palace and a beautiful maiden, who reveals she was the fish, enchanted into that form. They marry. One day, the maiden bathes in the river and draws the attention of a local prince. The prince tries to create impossible riddles for the fisherman, but he answers it with his wife's help. This tale was also classified by scholar Hasan El-Shamy under type 465.
German ethnologue Leo Frobenius collected a tale from Kordofan with the title "Das Girdamädchen" ("The Monkey Girl"): an emir gives a spear to each of his three sons. The three sons throw their spears and kill three antelopes. The emir is satisfied and takes his sons through the village, where they are to cast their spears in front of the house with their respective brides. The elder two stick their spears in front of huts of human wives. The youngest bemoans the fact that there is not a beautiful young woman in their village and states he will try his luck in the desert. The youngest throws his spear and it hits a single tree with a Girda (a kind of monkey) on top of it. He takes the Girda home. The emir visits his human daughters-in-law to see their work and looks content with their choices. After he announces he will visit his third son, the youth complains to his wife that she is an animal, and she offers to finds him a good human spouse by directing him to a village in the desert. The youth thanks her help, but he is her husband, after all. That same night, he spies on his wife's room and notices a light shining out of it. The next day, the emir visits his son and marvels at the wonderful woven carpets and the exquisite food, and invites his three sons and their wives to his palace. The third son bemoans again his luck, but his monkey wife insists to be brought to her father-in-law's court. The third son sees that his monkey wife takes of the animal skin and he burns it. The now human wife decides to wear a veil to the banquet, and begs her husband to not let her lift her veil. Once there, she asks for some bread, and her veil is lifted. The emir admires his third daughter-in-law and decides to have her for himself and kill his son. Some time later, the emir orders his son to plant a vineyard overnight, to plant an orchard full of watermelons, to eat bread and meat that fill up a house, and to find him a child born overnight that can talk and walk.
Cultural references.
In modern Russian, the phrase Poydi tuda, ne znayu kuda, prinesi to, ne znayu chto ( - Go I Know Not Whither and Fetch I Know Not What) refers (usually with irony) to a poorly defined or impossible task.
In film.
The "Go There, Don't Know Where" is a 1966 feature-length cutout-animated film from the Soviet Union. It was directed by the "Patriarch of Soviet animation", Ivan Ivanov-Vano, at the Soyuzmultfilm studio.
In literature.
The satirical poem "The Tale of Fedot the Strelets" by Leonid Filatov, written in early 1985, is based on the tale's storyline. An earlier, although less known story has been written by Vladimir Dal, called "The story of Ivan the young sergeant".
In Swedish author Maria Gripe's novel "Agnes Cecilia - en sällsam historia", a copy of "Narodnye russkie skazki" repeatedly falls from its shelf, opening to the page containing the phrase.

</doc>
<doc id="7010849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010849" title="Another Day (Lemar song)">
Another Day (Lemar song)

"Another Day" is the third and final single released from British R&amp;B singer Lemar's debut album, "Dedicated" (2003). The single became Lemar's third consecutive top-10 hit in the United Kingdom, peaking at number nine in February 2004.
Track listings.
CD 1
CD 2
12-inch vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="7010851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010851" title="OpenBSD Project">
OpenBSD Project



</doc>
<doc id="7010855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010855" title="Armstrong Township">
Armstrong Township

Armstrong Township may refer to several places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="7010858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010858" title="Mary Had a Little Lamb (song)">
Mary Had a Little Lamb (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7010864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010864" title="Mark Jones (NFL football player)">
Mark Jones (NFL football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7010871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010871" title="Reliability properties">
Reliability properties



</doc>
<doc id="7010872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010872" title="Balsam Township">
Balsam Township



</doc>
<doc id="7010878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010878" title="List of Jackie Chan Adventures characters">
List of Jackie Chan Adventures characters

This is a list of characters from the animated television series "Jackie Chan Adventures".

</doc>
<doc id="7010879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010879" title="New York State Route 336">
New York State Route 336

New York State Route 336 (NY 336) is an east–west state highway located within Seneca County in the Finger Lakes region of New York in the United States. It extends for , mostly along the Fayette–Varick town line, from an intersection with NY 96A in the town of Fayette to a junction with NY 414 south of the hamlet of Fayette on the Fayette–Varick border. The section of NY 336 that runs along the town line is known as Townline Road. NY 336 was assigned to its current alignment in the early 1930s.
Route description.
NY 336 begins at an intersection with NY 96A in a rural, open area of the town of Fayette. The two-lane route heads to the southeast, passing a small number of commercial buildings on the corner of the junction before heading across rolling, undeveloped terrain. After about , NY 336 merges with Yale Station Road (unsigned County Route 126 or CR 126), here routed along the Fayette–Varick town line. At this point, NY 336 becomes known as Townline Road as it turns east to run along the town line. It passes a handful of isolated homes on its way to the hamlet of MacDougall, a small community built up around the junction of NY 336 and MacDougall Road (CR 121).
From here, the route crosses an old railroad grade and Kendig Creek on its way to a signalled intersection with NY 96. East of NY 96, the highway continues across largely open areas of Fayette and Varick, serving little more than farms and the occasional house as it heads along the town line. NY 336 eventually reaches the outskirts of the hamlet of Fayette, where it ends at an intersection with NY 414 (Main Street) at the south end of the village's main north–south residential strip. At this point, the Fayette–Varick town line turns north to follow NY 414 for a half-mile (0.8 km) before resuming its easterly trek across the county.
History.
On November 5, 1920, the state of New York awarded a contract to rebuild the Fayette–Varick town line road between MacDougall and what is now NY 96. The highway cost $51,139 to reconstruct (equivalent to $ in ), and it was added to the state highway system on October 31, 1921. The section west of MacDougall became state-maintained in the mid-1920s when the state assumed maintenance of a road connecting MacDougall to the Seneca River at East Geneva. The new state road curved northwest from the town line for a short distance before heading north toward East Geneva on modern NY 96A.
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, hundreds of state-maintained roads were given signed numbers for the first time. By the following year, NY 336 was assigned to an alignment extending for from NY 15A (now NY 96A) just north of the town line in Fayette to NY 44 (NY 414) south of the hamlet of Fayette. The new route utilized the state-owned section of the Fayette–Varick town line road and the small section of the MacDougall–East Geneva road that curved into Fayette. The segment of NY 336 east of NY 15 (NY 96) was accepted into the state highway system in the early 1930s.
By the mid-1960s, the NY 96–NY 336 intersection had become prone to frequent accidents, some of which were fatal. The rash of incidents was attributed to steep grades on NY 336 that created a poor sight line for drivers heading east toward NY 96. In 1968, the state of New York rebuilt the section of NY 336 leading west from NY 96, lowering the highway by as much as to reduce the grade of the road's approach. A four-way flashing traffic light was also installed at the junction as part of the project. In early 2013 a three-color signal was installed at the intersection, going into operation on May 20.

</doc>
<doc id="7010880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010880" title="Votes of no confidence">
Votes of no confidence



</doc>
<doc id="7010883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010883" title="Al Mulock">
Al Mulock

Alfred Mulock Rogers (June 30, 1926 – May 1968), better known as Al Mulock or Al Mulloch, was a Canadian character actor.
Early life.
Alfred Mulock Rogers was born on June 30, 1926, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was the only child of Adèle Cawthra Mulock and Alfred Rogers. Maternally he was descended from the Mulock family, headed by Sir William Mulock KCMG, the former Postmaster-General of Canada and one of the wealthiest families in Canada.
Career.
He attended the Lee Strasberg's Actors Studio in New York City, United States. Then, with David de Keyser, he started The London Studio, which taught method acting to British actors. Mulock became active in the British film industry in the 1950s and early 1960s, making numerous appearances in various British television series and films.
He is best known for his roles in Spaghetti Western films, most notably in his two collaborations with Sergio Leone, "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" and "Once Upon a Time in the West". He appears, and is memorably shot in each film: by Eli Wallach's character, Tuco, in the former and by Charles Bronson's character (in a shoot out along with two others) in the opening scene of the latter.
Death.
Mulock died by suicide by jumping from his hotel room in Guadix, Granada, Spain, in May 1968, while filming "Once Upon a Time in the West". He was wearing his cowboy-style costume at the time of his fall. Mickey Knox, screenwriter for the film, and production manager Claudio Mancini witnessed Mulock's suicide as his body passed their hotel window near the end of the shoot. Mulock survived the fall, but suffered a pierced lung from a broken rib during the bumpy ride to the hospital. Before being taken away in the ambulance, director Sergio Leone shouted, "Get the costume, we need the costume."
Family.
Al Mulock was the great-grandson of Sir William Mulock, the former Canadian Postmaster-General. He was married to actress Steffi Henderson; she died in 1967. They had one child named Robin Mulock, now named Eclipse Neilson, who is a screenwriter and artist.

</doc>
<doc id="7010884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010884" title="Lamont, New York">
Lamont, New York



</doc>
<doc id="7010892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010892" title="Banks Township">
Banks Township

Banks Township is the name of a few townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="7010894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010894" title="List of beaches in California">
List of beaches in California

This list of California beaches is a list of beaches that are situated along the coastline of the State of California, US. The information in this article draws extensively from the "California Coastal Access Guide", a comprehensive resource that provides detailed information on over 1150 public access points along California's extensive 1271-mile coastline. 
North to South.
The beaches are listed in order from north to south, and are grouped by county. The list includes all of the California State Beaches, but not all other beaches are listed here. In some cases (as indicated), more detailed list articles of beaches are available for certain areas of the coast, currently for Sonoma County and San Diego County.
Sonoma County.
Numbers in parentheses are Geographic Names Information System feature ids.
Sonoma County ocean beaches.
Coastal beaches, listed from north to south:
San Francisco County.
San Francisco Bay
Pacific Ocean
State beaches.
"California State Beaches" are beaches designated as such by the California Department of Parks and Recreation. State beaches are part of the California State Parks system.
For a more detailed list beaches in the San Diego area, see List of beaches in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7010898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010898" title="Dillersville, Pennsylvania">
Dillersville, Pennsylvania



</doc>
<doc id="7010904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010904" title="Pusong Mamon">
Pusong Mamon

Pusong Mamon (English Title: Soft Hearts) is a 1998 Philippine romantic comedy film directed by Joel Lamangan.
The film tells the story of Annie (Lorna Tolentino), who gets a few drinks into Ron (Albert Martinez), then has her way with him while he's drunk in his car. After learning she's pregnant, she moves in with him despite her discovery that he is gay and living with his boyfriend, Nick (Eric Quizon). Together, the trio navigates their way through a minefield of romantic difficulties while discovering the true meaning of love.
The film was rated PG-13 due to sexual elements, Eric Quizon who was one of the cast members confirmed in an interview that there will be a sequel of Pusong Mamon 2 to be seen in theaters in mid-2012 produced by VIVA Films after 16 years.
Plot.
At a company party, Annie tries to hit on Ron, but he brushes her off. Later that night, she follows him to his car where she makes a move on a drunk Ron, and they have sex.
A few days later, Annie finds out she's pregnant and confronts Ron in his office, demanding that he take responsibility for the pregnancy and marry her. Ron says he cannot marry her and admits that he already has a live-in partner. He then takes her to his house and introduces her to his boyfriend, Nick, which causes Annie to faint from shock at the revelation of his sexuality.
Annie reveals that she's pregnant with Ron's child, to Nick's disbelief. The two argue, with Nick concerned Ron might have to marry Annie. Ron suggests they should convince Annie to let them have the baby in exchange for money, but she disappears before they can talk to her.
The next morning, Annie blackmails the couple into letting her move in under the pretense that she and Ron will be live-in partners until she gives birth, after which they will get married. The couple discusses their situation over breakfast, where Nick surmises it might be convenient to go along with Annie's act to avoid suspicion from Ron's father, revealing that Ron is still in the closet. At the office, Annie has told the other employees that she and Ron are getting married.
During her stay with the couple, Annie repeatedly questions their sexuality, insisting she and Ron should get together instead. Nick and Annie also argue repeatedly over their differing preferences. 
One night, Ron receives a surprise visit from his father, who is from the military and is homophobic. He spends the night at their house, forcing Nick to switch rooms with Annie to keep up the act. However, Ron reveals a secret door through the bathroom that connects their rooms, and they switch back again. Jealous and upset, Nick complains to Ron about Annie, and they make up and have sex, which Annie sees through the secret door, and she cries herself to sleep.
As Nick drives Annie to one of her checkup appointments, they confront each other about their situation, where Nick reaffirms his love for Ron, and the two finally begin to get along.
One day, one of the Nick and Ron's friends mentions the couple's desire to adopt Annie's baby, which they have not told her about yet. Feeling betrayed, Annie walks out. They chase after her, and Nick reassures her that they will not take her baby away from her, and they make up. 
Annie finally gives birth, and Ron's Dad runs into Nick's grandmother, who knows about the two but is unaware of their ruse. The couple narrowly avoids being caught as they are called in by the nurse.
As Ron and Annie coparent their son, Ryan, at their house, Nick once again begins to feel left out, but Annie reassures him that he's also Ryan's parent, and the four start to live together as one family.
When Annie opens up to Nick about struggling to maintain the ruse to her family, he suggests that Annie find a man who will actually marry her. He gives her a makeover and set her up on dates, and she eventually gets together with Enrico.
One day, Sally, Annie's friend from the office, gives her a surprise visit at Ron and Nick's house and find the couple dancing with each other. Rumors of Ron's sexuality quickly spread among the employees.
At Ron's birthday party, Ron overhears his visitors gossiping about him. However, as he affirms the rumors to his boss, Mr. Menardo, he reassures him that he admires Ron's bravery. Encouraged by Mr. Menardo's words, Ron comes out during his birthday party. Albeit met with shock and disapproval at first, the visitors eventually applaud his revelation.
His father, who still disapproves of his sexuality, tells Ron that he should have told him earlier so that it could have been prevented, and Annie pulls him away towards the dance floor as she tells him that "there's more he needs to learn".
Annie eventually moves out of Ron and Nick's house, and she and Enrico get married.

</doc>
<doc id="7010921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010921" title="Barnett Township">
Barnett Township

Barnett Township is the name of a few townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="7010923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010923" title="Moo-hyeon No">
Moo-hyeon No



</doc>
<doc id="7010925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010925" title="Protein K (porin)">
Protein K (porin)

Structure.
Proteinase K has a catalytic triad of Ser 224, His 69, and Asp 39. Two peptide chains recognize substrates, 99-104 and 132–136. There is also a cysteine free near His 69.
Protein K is a porin expressed in some pathogenic strains of E. coli bacteria. It has a molecular weight of about 40 kDa and is localized to the outer membrane, through which it allows both inorganic and organic ions to pass. The addition of Protein K in the outer membrane proven to cause an increased rate of uptake of nutrients and a faster growth rate relative to the parental porin- strain.
The strains in which protein K has been identified are "encapsulated", or surrounded by a poly-sialic acid capsule that renders them more resistant to phagocytosis by cells in the immune system.

</doc>
<doc id="7010926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010926" title="748 Air Services">
748 Air Services

Seven Four Eight Air Services, also known doing business as 748 Air Services is a charter airline operating in the passenger and cargo business. Its head office is in Wilson Airport in Nairobi, Kenya.
History.
The airline was established in 1995 by Ahmed Rashid Jibril, its first managing director. Its first aircraft was a Hawker Siddeley 748 giving also the name of the company. The aircraft was used on a charter basis for relief and humanitarian organizations operating in remote areas of Sudan, currently what is South Sudan, Somalia, East Africa and Central Africa. 
The airline grew over the years and as of 2019 operated twelve aircraft.
Fleet.
 748 Air Services operates the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="7010935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010935" title="Sir Francis Varney">
Sir Francis Varney



</doc>
<doc id="7010948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010948" title="MP 59">
MP 59

The MP 59 (; ) was a rubber-tyred variant of electric multiple units used on the Paris Métro system in service from 1963 to 2024. Manufactured by a consortium between (body), Jeumont-Schneider (control circuits), Alsthom and CEM (motors), they were first introduced in 1963 when the busiest routes of Lines 1 and 4 were converted to rubber-tyred pneumatic operation. The trains worked on Line 1 between 1963 and 2000, Line 4 between 1966 and 2012, and Line 11 between 1995 and 2024. By the time of their retirement in June 2024, the MP 59 trains (along with the Sprague-Thomson) were among the oldest trains still in use on any metro system in the world, at 61 years old.
Exit from Line 4.
With the arrival of the MP 05 automated stock on Line 1, the remaining 48 MP 59 trains on Line 4 were replaced by the MP 89 CC (just like their Line 1 counterparts were). The first MP 89CC train (#01) arrived on Line 4 in April 2011 and went into service on May 23, 2011. The first MP 59 train to be retired from service was #049, which was withdrawn in April 2011. #021 was withdrawn on December 21, 2012, and was the last train to be retired.
It was originally speculated that some trains would be moved to Line 11 as a supplement, but such plans never came to fruition. All of the trains in service on Line 4 have been scrapped, the spare parts were salvaged for the remaining trains on Line 11.
Exit from Line 11.
Île-de-France Mobilités replaced the last MP 59 trains on Line 11 with 39 MP 14 trains: the replacement MP 14 trains for Line 11 are driver-operated and five cars long. The last MP 59 trains were scheduled to run on 23 May 2024, but a few trains were still in service as of June 2024. The last MP 59 trains ran on Line 11 on June 12, 2024, before the line extension to when six new stations opened on June 13, 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7010949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010949" title="Becker Township">
Becker Township

Becker Township may refer to one of the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="7010950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010950" title="Moohyeon No">
Moohyeon No



</doc>
<doc id="7010953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010953" title="Mu-hyeon No">
Mu-hyeon No



</doc>
<doc id="7010954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010954" title="Strong reliability properties">
Strong reliability properties



</doc>
<doc id="7010957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010957" title="Muhyeon No">
Muhyeon No



</doc>
<doc id="7010958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010958" title="Battle of Ankokuji">
Battle of Ankokuji

The Battle of Ankokuji (安国寺の戦い) was a battle on 2 November 1542 during the Sengoku period (16th century) of Japan.
The battle of Ankokuji was a rather minor battle that took place after the fall of Fukuyo, in which Tozawa Yorichika, an ally of Takato Yoritsugu had surrendered to the Takeda forces. Following this, Itagaki Nobukata, a retainer under Takeda Shingen, would personally finish off Yoritsugu at Ankokuji. Yoritsugu's younger brother, Yorimune, however would be killed during this battle.
References.
"The Samurai Sourcebook"

</doc>
<doc id="7010959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010959" title="Moo-hyun No">
Moo-hyun No



</doc>
<doc id="7010961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010961" title="Moohyun No">
Moohyun No



</doc>
<doc id="7010962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010962" title="Bob Forrest">
Bob Forrest

Robert O'Neil Forrest (born February 15, 1961) is an American musician who is best known for his work with the Los Angeles bands Thelonious Monster and The Bicycle Thief. Forrest, a recovering drug addict, has worked for years as a recovery advocate and promoter of addiction awareness. He featured as a councilor on the television series "Celebrity Rehab" and "Sober House".
Early life.
Forrest was born on February 15, 1961. He grew up in Palm Desert, California.:5 As a child, Forrest was a top-rated amateur golfer.
At the age of 13, Forrest learned that the older sister he grew up with was his birth mother, and he was actually raised by his grandparents. When he was 15, his father figure died and the family was forced to relocate from an affluent neighborhood to a trailer park. Forrest turned to alcohol to cope.
Forrest attended Los Angeles City College before dropping out to work as a DJ. Influenced by figures such as Jack Kerouac and Lenny Bruce, he became interested in trying heroin. He dosed for the first time with blues musician Top Jimmy.
Career.
Musicianship.
19831996: Thelonious Monster and drug addiction.
In 1983, Forrest was working as a DJ. He became friends with Flea, then the bass player for Fear, and the two moved into a flat alongside Anthony Kiedis. Forrest worked as a roadie for their band, the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Kiedis described Forrest as "a tortured musician working as a roadie", and in 1984, Forrest started his own band, Thelonious Monster.
Thelonious Monster released their debut album, "Baby...You're Bummin' My Life out in a Supreme Fashion", in 1986. Their sophomore album "Next Saturday Afternoon" came in 1987, followed by "Stormy Weather" in 1989. "Stormy Weather" was a commercial failure, but Forrest was still seeing moderate success in the Los Angeles punk scene. In 1990, he signed a major solo recording contract with RCA Records. Although the company reportedly invested over $400,000 into Forrest, he was frivolous with the money and spent much of it to fuel his drug habits. His productivity stalled following the death of Thelonious Monster bassist Rob Graves in March of that year, and Forrest checked into his first rehab program. Over the next six years, Forrest would spend 23 more stints in formal rehab facilities.
Forrest reformed Thelonious Monster and resumed recording, but he was dropped by the label. The band released "Beautiful Mess" in 1992 on Signal-Capitol Records. By 1993, Forrest had reentered a deep drug addiction, and he was reportedly spending hundreds of dollars a day on the habit. His relationship with he band suffered. Forrest had a mental break and attempted suicide at Pinkpop Festival that year, planning to jump off of a speaker tower. Instead, fear took hold, and he climbed down to finish the set.
In 1996, Forrest was arrested. He described his tormented mental state during the arrest, considering suicide by cop following an extended car chase. He spent 5 weeks in jail, and later credited the experience as starting his journey towards sobriety.
1997present: The Bicycle Thief, solo career, and sobriety.
A newly sober Forrest resumed writing music in 1997. He met the 17-year-old guitarist Josh Klinghoffer, and the two began to collaborate on songs that Forrest had penned. They formed the band The Bicycle Thief, and their work culminated in the album "You Come and Go Like a Pop Song" in 1999. 
Thelonious Monster reunited with Forrest at the helm, releasing "California Clam Chowder" in 2004. The band would continue to play shows intermittently. In 2006, Forrest leased his first solo album, "Modern Folk and Blues Wednesday". In 2008, Forrest began releasing a series of live digital EPs on his official website. 
Forrest released a new album, "Survival Songs", on October 9, 2015, which was produced by Ian Brennan. It is a stripped-down folk album with new material and folk versions of existing Thelonious Monster and Bicycle Thief songs, and features Zander Schloss on unplugged acoustic guitar. It was released on Six Degrees Records. In 2018, he released the live album "Bob Forrest + Friends Live 2016" on Greenway Records.
In 2020, Thelonious Monster released "Oh That Monster", their first album in 16 years.
Addiction advocacy and counseling.
Forrest earned the nickname "Rehab Bob" for his contributions to addiction services. Forrest became a regular Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor with the Musicians Assistance Program, and he formed a working relationship with Dr. Drew Pinsky. The two had met previously in 1988, when Forrest was under the influence on set of Pinsky's show "Loveline". Pinsky was impressed with how well Forrest cleaned up, and he offered him a job at Las Encinas Hospital. Forrest would become director of the chemical dependency program at the hospital.
By 2007, Forrest was seeking ways to reduce the stigma of rehab. He encouraged Pinsky to explore the idea of creating a television show on the topic. Forrest was successful, and in 2008, he joined Pinsky as a drug counselor on "Celebrity Rehab". He appeared on all six seasons. He also featured on the 2009 spin-off "Sober House". 
Forrest is the co-founder of Hollywood Recovery Services, a counseling service for people after they appear on "Celebrity Rehab". He also co-founded Oro House Recovery Centers in California. Established in 2010, the facility serves as a luxury inpatient rehabilitation center.
Forrest, alongside Chuck Davis, hosts "Bob Forrest's Don't Die Podcast". The podcast was created with the goal of increasing awareness to addiction. Mike Martt co-hosted the program until his death in 2023.
Other endeavors.
In 2010, Forrest began hosting a weekly radio show, "All Up In The Interweb", which aired on Internet radio station indie1031.com. 
On October 1, 2013, Forrest released "Running with Monsters: A Memoir", which chronicles his life in the Los Angeles music scene. It was co-written by Michael Albo. 
On April 5, 2023, it was announced that Forrest, along with Anthony Kiedis and Ron Burkle, had formed the production company Said and Done Entertainment. Their first project will be an animated series for TBS called "Hellicious" which is based on the comic book of the same name. Forrest will also serve as an executive producer on the series.
Personal life and legacy.
Forrest, who was good friends with River Phoenix, was one of the last people to see the actor alive the night he died of a drug overdose in 1993. Twenty years after Phoenix's death, Forrest opened up about the actor's final days and hours. Forrest said Phoenix was staying with John Frusciante and that the two went on heavy drug binges that Forrest also was involved in. Forrest was with Phoenix at The Viper Room the night of his death. Forrest said Phoenix informed him he was overdosing and that Forrest told him he wasn't, and that Phoenix told him he was feeling better. But moments later, Phoenix collapsed outside the club and went into convulsions. He was pronounced dead shortly later at the hospital. "I still have guilt that I dismissed his worries so casually," Forrest said. He said at the time that even though he showed empathy and concern, he too was a junkie, which is why he didn't discuss this; he was fearful of drawing legal attention towards himself and others for their drug issues and involvement.
Forrest is the subject of "Bob and the Monster", a documentary about his music career and battles with drug addiction. The documentary was released in March 2011 and was showcased on the film festival circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="7010963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010963" title="Portuguese Roller Hockey First Division">
Portuguese Roller Hockey First Division

The Portuguese Roller Hockey First Division ( or simply "1ª Divisão"; literally: Roller Hockey First Division National Championship) is the premier roller hockey league in Portugal. It was established in 1939 and Sporting CP were crowned as the first champions. Porto are the current champions and also the record winners, with 26 titles. The league is contested by 14 teams, with the top four teams qualifying for the following season's WSE Champions League and the fifth to eighth placed teams qualifying for the WSE Cup. The bottom three teams are relegated to the second-tier Portuguese Roller Hockey Second Division.
Champions.
Below are listed the champions, runners-up and third-placed teams per season. The cumulative number of titles is shown between brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="7010964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010964" title="Mu-hyun No">
Mu-hyun No



</doc>
<doc id="7010966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010966" title="Muhyun No">
Muhyun No



</doc>
<doc id="7010967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010967" title="WPNH (AM)">
WPNH (AM)

WPNH (1300 AM) and WFTN (1240 AM) are commercial radio stations in Central New Hampshire. WPNH is licensed to Plymouth, and WFTN is licensed to Franklin. The stations are branded as "Oldies 92.9" and simulcast an oldies format, featuring an unusually deep and vast playlist offering the first generation of rock and roll of the 1960s. WPNH and WFTN also offer select hits from the late 1950s and the early to mid 1970s. The stations also carry Boston Red Sox during the baseball season. The studios are in Franklin, along with co-owned WPNH-FM, WFTN-FM and WSCY. Prior to the addition of both of their 92.9 FM translators, WFTN and WPNH featured programming from Westwood One's "America's Best Music" adult standards format.
WPNH is a Class D station with 5,000 watts days and 88 watts at night, non directional while WFTN is a Class C station with 1,000 watts 24 hours a day. The stations also can be heard on FM via two translators, both at 92.9 MHz: W225CB in Tilton, New Hampshire (relaying WFTN), and W225CT in Plymouth, New Hampshire (relaying WPNH). The "Oldies 92.9" branding is derived from the translators' frequency. The stations do not stream their programming over the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="7010968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010968" title="Moo-hyeon Noh">
Moo-hyeon Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010970" title="Moohyeon Noh">
Moohyeon Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010971" title="Mu-hyeon Noh">
Mu-hyeon Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010972" title="Kanebogen">
Kanebogen

Kanebogen is a neighborhood within the town of Harstad which is located in Harstad Municipality in Troms county, Norway. It is located about south of the city center. Kanebogen borders the neighborhoods of Gansås to the north, Stangnes to the northeast, Medkila to the south, and Grønnebakkan to the northwest.
Kanebogen School and the adjacent Kanebogen Stadion (stadium) are located in this area, as are Harstad Camping, Kanebogen Church, and the Kanebogen Senter (shopping center).
Kanebogen was the northernmost part of the old Sandtorg Municipality which was merged with Harstad Municipality in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="7010973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010973" title="Smooth Criminal (AAF)">
Smooth Criminal (AAF)



</doc>
<doc id="7010974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010974" title="Muhyeon Noh">
Muhyeon Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010975" title="Butch Nieman">
Butch Nieman

Elmer Le Roy "Butch" Nieman (February 8, 1918 – November 2, 1993) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Boston Braves from 1943 to 1945. He played collegiately at Kansas State University from 1938–1939. He was a native of Herkimer, Kansas.
Nieman is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He was a regular for Boston during much of his three years with the team. He finished in the league's TOP TEN for triples in 1943, for home runs in 1944, and for at bats per home run in 1945.
Career totals include 332 games played, 269 hits, 37 home runs, 167 RBI, 147 runs, a .256 batting average, and a slugging percentage of .432. He was a slightly below average defensive outfielder for his era, and in his 317 appearances had a fielding percentage of .961. One defensive highlight was 13 assists in 1944.
Nieman died at the age of 75 in Topeka, Kansas.
External links.
, or SABR Biography Project

</doc>
<doc id="7010976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010976" title="Moo-hyun Noh">
Moo-hyun Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010979" title="Moohyun Noh">
Moohyun Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010981" title="Electoral district of Morwell">
Electoral district of Morwell

The electoral district of Morwell is an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. It covers the regional centres of Moe, Morwell and Traralgon, as well as the surrounding rural areas in the middle of Gippsland.
Created in 1955, it was held by the Liberals until the 1970 election, when it was won by Labor. They held the seat until the 2006 election, when the Nationals gained the seat. In 2017, Nationals MP Russell Northe resigned from the party, becoming an independent. At the 2022 election, the Nationals regained the seat with Martin Cameron being elected.

</doc>
<doc id="7010982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010982" title="Mu-hyun Noh">
Mu-hyun Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010983" title="Flags of France">
Flags of France



</doc>
<doc id="7010985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010985" title="Muhyun Noh">
Muhyun Noh



</doc>
<doc id="7010989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010989" title="Prostitution in the Republic of Ireland">
Prostitution in the Republic of Ireland

 
Prostitution in Ireland is legal. However, since March 2017, it has been an offence to buy sex. All forms of third party involvement (such as operating brothels, sex trafficking, and other forms of pimping) are illegal but are commonly practiced. Since the law that criminalises clients came into being, with the purpose of reducing the demand for prostitution, the number of prosecutions for the purchase of sex increased from 10 in 2018 to 92 in 2020. In a report from UCD's Sexual Exploitation Research Programme the development is called ”a promising start in interrupting the demand for prostitution.” Most prostitution in Ireland occurs indoors. Street prostitution has declined considerably in the 21st century, with the vast majority of prostitution now advertised on the internet.
History.
Eighteenth century.
Prostitution was both highly visible and pervasive in 18th-century Dublin, centred on Temple Bar and reflected the whole spectrum of socioeconomic class, from street prostitutes, through organised brothels to high class courtesans, who were often illegitimate daughters of the upper class. A well-known example was Peg Plunkett. The role of the prostitute in 18th-century Ireland was at least partly a product of the double standard of female sexuality. Typical of this was the way that venereal disease was constructed as being spread by prostitutes rather than their largely male clients. Female Irish prostitutes were frequently the victims of violence against women. Early 'rescue' campaigns emerged in this time with Lady Arabella Denny and the Magdalene Asylums. These provided shelter but in return expected menial labour and penitence.
The most famous madam in the Dublin of the 1700s was alleged female serial killer Dorcas "Darkey" Kelly who operated the Maiden Tower kip house on Copper Alley, off Fishamble Street in the southwest part of the city. Convicted of murdering and dismembering shoemaker John Dowling on St. Patrick's Day 1760, Kelly was executed by partial hanging and burning at the stake on Gallows Road (modern Baggot Street) on 7 January 1761. After her execution she was waked by prostitutes on Copper Alley; thirteen of whom were arrested for disorder and sent to Newgate Prison, Dublin.
The Royal Barracks (modern day Collins Barracks) in Dublin was completed in 1702 and Barrack Street, which ran directly in front of it (renamed Benburb Street in 1890), became associated with sex work over the centuries. As with most garrison towns in Ireland, prostitution proliferated in areas surrounding Army barracks, as impoverished Irishwomen gravitated towards military personnel, who were in receipt of a steady income. The area was comparable to the Monto in Dublin, whose sex trade reached its zenith from the 1860s until the 1950s and whose profits were also aided by the large number of troops stationed in the city over the period. In 1837, 135 years after the barracks had been established, Barrack Street was described by a visitor as consisting of "a line of brothels and low public-houses" and "filled with the most abandoned crew of rogues and prostitutes which even all Dublin, with its unhappy pre-eminence in that species of population, can produce". In the late nineteenth century the street was chosen as the location for the first Dublin Corporation housing scheme, due to the cheaper cost of purchasing land in areas with long-standing social problems.
Nineteenth century.
The changing nature of Irish culture following the successful fight for Catholic Emancipation between 1780 and 1829 saw a redefining of the status of women. The Catholic Church in Ireland finally began to rebuild after centuries of religious persecution and in the face of continuing religious discrimination and mass destitution caused by rackrenting Anglo-Irish landlords. There was, as a result, an increasing romanticising of priests, monks, nuns, and sober, hardworking Catholic families at one extreme and an extreme hostility towards male rakes and the fallen women, including prostitutes, whose lives they had ruined, at the other. There were very understandable causes for this, however.
While writing in the mid-1960s about early 19th century author William Carleton, an Irish Catholic convert to Protestantism, Frank O'Connor expressed a belief that Carleton debased his enormous literary talents by becoming an anti-Catholic propagandist for the State-controlled Church of Ireland. Frank O'Connor explained, however, that in Victorian era Ireland, Protestant readers were demanding stories which unconditionally demonised Roman Catholicism and dehumanised its adherents, while Catholic readers preferred Romanticism and, "wanted to read nothing about themselves that was not treacle." As a result, Carleton's writings were invariably "rent asunder by faction-fighters who wished him to write from one distorted standpoint or the other."
Meanwhile, the Wrens of the Curragh, for instance, were a group of Irish sex workers working as camp followers at the Curragh Camp, a military camp in County Kildare. Both Victorian era neo-Puritanism rooted in the rise and growth of a heavily Evangelical middle class and an escalating fear of venereal disease, particularly as a threat to the stability of the armed forces, led to the introduction of a series of Contagious Diseases Acts in the 1860s. These Acts enabled the Irish Constabulary to arrest any woman suspected of prostitution and force her to submit to a medical examination for venereal disease. As in many other countries, opposition to the Acts provided a rallying cry for emerging women's movements. Anna Haslam in Dublin and Isabella Tod in Belfast, both of the Ladies National Association, organised opposition and a recognition not only of the plight of these women but also of the root causes.
One of the most famous male prostitutes in both Ireland and the United Kingdom during the second half of the 1800s was Dublin-born John Saul, also known as Jack Saul, or "Dublin Jack". He featured in two major homosexual scandals of the time (the Dublin Castle scandal in 1884 and Cleveland Street scandal in 1889), and also featured as a character in two works of pornographic literature of the period. Saul was considered "notorious in Dublin and London" and "made infamous by the sensational testimony he gave in the Cleveland Street scandal", which was publicised in newspapers around the world. His life and career have been the subject of scholarly analysis and speculation, one reason being the paucity of information on the lives and outlook of individual male prostitutes of the period. Saul referred to himself as "a professional Mary-Ann" – a period euphemism for rentboy, and stated: "I have lost my character and cannot get on otherwise. I occasionally do odd-jobs for different gay people."
Twentieth century.
During the mid to late 19th century, it has been estimated that 17,000 women were working as prostitutes in Dublin alone, and a further 8 brothels in Cork. Dublin's sex trade was largely centred on the Monto district, reputedly the largest red light district in Europe. A major part of the demand came from the large number of military personnel stationed in Ireland at the time.
In Kevin Kearns' oral history collection "Dublin Tenement Life", however, he comments that many of the prostitutes in the Monto had, like Philomena Lee, been unmarried and pregnant and were disowned both by their families and by their babies' fathers. Although middle class and suburban Dubliners viewed them as whores, the impoverished but devoutly Catholic residents of Monto tenements referred to prostitutes as, "unfortunate girls," and understood that they had turned to prostitution as a last resort. According to Kearns, "By all accounts, the girls were typically young, attractive, and known for their generosity, especially to slum children."
Billy Dunleavy, reflecting on his youth in the Monto during the Irish War of Independence, described the women involved in prostitution as mostly rural girls who had fallen into hardship after unplanned pregnancies, often abandoned by the fathers. Many spent time in convents where they endured harsh treatment before ending up "on the town". While madams provided them with new clothes to attract clients, the girls faced exploitation and control, including being stripped of their clothes if they withheld money. Despite the stigma, Dunleavy recalled them as kind and respectable, often friendly with local residents.
Kearns notes that the madams were savvy Dublin women who operated their brothels with strict authority. They profited significantly, some becoming wealthy and socially mobile, while exerting control over their workers’ movements and finances. Many brothels also sold alcohol illegally to increase profits.
Dunleavy also recounted the grim reality faced by women suffering from venereal diseases, particularly syphilis. He alleged that at the Lock Hospital on Townsend Street, some women were euthanised when their condition was incurable, due to the absence of effective medical treatment at the time.
Post-Independence (1921 onwards).
Demise of the Monto.
Many Irish republicans perceived prostitution and other forms of sex work in Ireland as the natural result of British rule, and planned for the industry's suppression after Irish independence was achieved. The aftermath of the Irish War of Independence was accordingly widely assumed by Irish republicans to automatically cause the end of Monto as a red light district. In reality, while the departure of British forces from Ireland severely damaged the financial prospects of Irish sex workers, organised prostitution continued in the Monto.
Between 1921 and 1925, Frank Duff, the founder of the Legion of Mary and Fr. R.S. Devane, who both called for the social purification of Irish culture, launched a campaign to close down the kip-houses and clean up The Monto. Similarly to St. Vitalis of Gaza before them, Duff and Devane began an outreach to the prostitutes living in often brutal and inhuman conditions in the "kip houses". As part of this work, Duff established the Sancta Maria hostel, a safe house for former prostitutes whom the Legion of Mary helped to run away from their "kip keepers" and start a new life. Following the Irish War of Independence, Duff also persuaded the first Catholic Commissioner of the Dublin Metropolitan Police, former Irish Army general W. R. E. Murphy, to launch an iron-gloved crackdown. The raids ended with 120 arrests and Gen. Murphy announced the closure of all the remaining brothels following massive DMP raids on 12 March 1925.
Prostitution, including smaller Kip-Houses posing as pubs and operating discreetly while paying protection money to corrupt Irish politicians and law enforcement, continued to exist in Dublin. These kip-houses included the "Cozy Kitchen" on North King Street and "Cafe Continental" on Bolton Street, both of which were run by Dublin kip-keeper Dolly Fawcett and remained open until well into the 1950s.
According to Northside resident Noelle Hughes, who knew Dolly Fawcett in her seventies, "The Cozy Kitchen" was located in the basement of a tenement house at 2 North King Street and was run by Dolly's son Stephen Fawcett until it closed down in 1957. Dolly's other son ran the Cafe Continental on Bolton Street. According to retired Guard Paddy Casey, the Cafe Continental was located next to the Bolton Street Technical School.
According to Hughes, prostitution in the area was widespread and visible, involving mostly working-class country women in their late teens to thirties who charged modest sums and met clients in flats, laneways, or alleyways. The activity was common knowledge across Dublin, particularly among sailors and dockworkers, as local men typically could not afford the services. Though police occasionally raided the area, they were often bribed to turn a blind eye. Despite some calls to shut it down, no action was taken until the operation eventually ceased and those running it left for England.
But for the most part, prostitution in Ireland overwhelmingly shifted into individual women offering to sell sexual services to passing motorists while walking along urban streets. It was half a century before non-police and non-political organised crime would dominate Irish prostitution again. Until then, streetwalking prostitutes remained intrinsically linked to the Dublin criminal underworld. The 1920s and 1930s also witnessed a new era in both Church and State morality and increasing censorship in Ireland. The Magdalene Asylums are alleged to have become punitive and to have "imprisoned" unwed mothers, some for the duration of their lives, until the last asylum closed in 1996.
According to a detailed commentary written by Bill Donohue, the president of the Catholic League, a U.S.-based advocacy group against anti-Catholicism, and published in July 2013, Donohue wrote, "No one was imprisoned, nor forced against her will to stay. There was no slave labor, ... It’s all a lie." Donohue alleged that the women in the asylums were, "prostitutes, and women seen as likely candidates for the 'world’s oldest profession'. Unmarried women, especially those who gave birth out-of-wedlock, were likely candidates. Contrary to what has been reported, the laundries were not imposed on these women: they were a realistic response to a growing social problem [prostitution]."
This is why, however, the Regina Coeli hostel which was opened in Dublin in 1930 following the Legion of Mary's crusade against the kip-keepers in the Monto, reflected their founder Frank Duff's belief that unwed mothers should be taught how to provide for and raise their children. By doing this Frank Duff and the Legion of Mary, were defying the established consensus at a time when Irish culture was still very Jansenistic, which held that the children of unwed mothers should be protected from the stigma of their illegitimacy by being put up for adoption as quickly as possible.
Changes in the law.
The Criminal Law Amendment Act 1935 prohibited contraception and required sex crimes cases to be tried "in camera" and prevented media coverage. In the 1950s there was much public attention around the plight of Irish women working as prostitutes in England. These were portrayed not so much as 'fallen' women, but rather as innocents lured into evil. The Women's Liberation Movement of the 1970s helped to expose the double standards. Notable was the story of June Levine who collaborated with Lyn Madden, a former Dublin sex worker for twenty years in the 70s and 80s, to write "Lyn: A Story of Prostitution" (1987) Madden witnessed her pimp, John Cullen, firebomb the home of former prostitute and women's rights activist Dolores Lynch. Lynch, her elderly mother, and aunt, all perished in the fire. Madden later testified against Cullen and began writing the book during his trial, at which her former pimp received eighteen years imprisonment.
At around this time, a group of streetwalkers brought a successful High Court challenge to the constitutionality of Victorian era laws that required a defendant to be identified as a prostitute through the citing of previous convictions before conviction was possible. This successful challenge caused the de facto decriminalisation of prostitution. During this period prostitutes were largely independent and had a good relationship with the Gardaí. Pimping was ignored, as were the other crimes previously associated with prostitution. Any suggestion of organised prostitution was limited to a small number of massage parlours in an environment where the workers were empowered to negotiate favourable terms and conditions for themselves. Also, the collapse of Christian morality following the Second Vatican Council created a large, visible, and largely tolerated sex industry.
The Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Act 1993, made soliciting a criminal offence for both prostitutes and their customers. Street prostitution declined and the women entered massage parlours to avoid arrest. By the late 1990s the age of the brothel, and the brothel-keeper, had returned. Society seemed accepting of discreet, indoor prostitution establishments and every week the mainstream entertainment magazine "In Dublin" ran advertisements for escort services and 'massage parlours' (brothels), which were usually the business operations of a small number of men and women, who knew running brothels was illegal, but were prepared to take the risk, given the massive profits involved. The magazine earned substantial revenue from these advertisements.
The blatant wealth of Ireland's brothel-keepers in the 1990s was such that the media began to take more interest. Section 23 of the Criminal Justice (Public Order) Act 1994 prohibited the advertising of brothels and prostitution and in 1999 the Censorship of Publications Board banned "In Dublin" magazine from carrying escort advertisements. Criminal proceedings were also brought against the magazine's publisher, Mike Hogan. The "In Dublin" magazine case heralded the end of escort advertising in print publications. However, the suppression of advertising had little effect as the internet and mobile phones were changing the nature of the trade. Ireland's first escort website, "Escort Ireland", had already established itself the previous year to take over "In Dublin" magazine's role.
Of note was the frequent reference to the inadequacy of the existing legislation, but there was little debate about possible alternative models. While Ireland has an international commitment to protecting the well-being of women trafficked to Ireland for the purposes of prostitution, there was little or no discussion about the rights and well-being of Irish women working in prostitution. The violent murders of prostitutes Belinda Pereira, a UK resident working for a Dublin escort agency on 28 December 1996 and Sinead Kelly a young street prostitute in 1998 caused questions to be raised about the benefits of the 1993 act. Until Belinda Periera was murdered in a city centre apartment in the winter of 1996, the last murder of a prostitute while working (Dolores Lynch was murdered in her home in 1983, and seems to have no longer been working as a prostitute at the time) was in 1925 when the body of Lily O'Neill (known as "Honor Bright") was found in the Dublin Mountains.
Benburb Street remained a slum for most of the twentieth century, composed of overcrowded tenements and even after the transition of Collins Barracks into a museum in 1997 the surrounding neighbourhood has remained a noted red light district. In May 1997, as many as 100 women were reported to be still working as prostitutes along Benburb Street.
Perhaps the most infamous Irish organised crime figure known for involvement in organised prostitution was John Traynor, who was also a both a longtime confidential source within the Dublin criminal underworld for "Sunday Independent" investigative journalist Veronica Guerin and who remains a prime suspect in allegedly arranging her 1996 contract killing.
1999 also saw the launch of Operation Gladiator, a Garda Siochana investigation into those who profit from organised crime-controlled prostitution. It was the first operation of since the Dublin Metropolitan Police cracked down on the Monto in 1925 and lasted under a year, but in that time it identified and built cases against several major Dublin kip-keepers.
Twenty-first century.
Operation Quest was launched by the Gardaí in 2003, with the aim of tackling human trafficking, prostitution and organised crime within the Irish lap dancing industry, followed by Operation Hotel in 2005, with the aim of tackling the trafficking of women from Eastern Europe to work in the sex industry in Ireland. Essentially the legal framework has not changed over twenty years, but discussions about alternatives emerged in 2011 (see Politics).
Legal status.
Prostitution itself is not an offence under Irish law. However, the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Act of 1993 prohibits soliciting or importuning another person in a street or public place for the purpose of prostitution (this offence applies to prostitute and client). It also prohibits loitering for the purpose of prostitution, organising prostitution by controlling or directing the activities of a person in prostitution, coercing one to practice prostitution for gain, living on earnings of the prostitution of another person, and keeping a brothel or other premises for the purpose of prostitution.
Advertising brothels and prostitution is prohibited by the Criminal Justice (Public Order) Act of 1994. The minimum legal age for a prostitute in Ireland is 18 years (child prostitution legislation exists to protect persons under this age). The Criminal Law (Trafficking in Persons and Sexual Offences) Bill 2006 came into force making trafficking in persons for the purpose of their sexual exploitation a specific offence, though previous legislation already covered much of this area.
On 27 March 2017, the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Act 2017 was commenced into force. The Act significantly amends the 1993 Act to provide that a person who pays, gives, offers or promises to pay or give a person (including a prostitute) money or any other form of remuneration or consideration for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity with a prostitute shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of up to €500 for a first offence, and a fine of up to €1,000 for each subsequent offence.
Politics.
Discussion of proposed law reform became an issue in the 2011 elections, with some support from opposition parties likely to become the new Government. A group of non-government and union bodies emerged pressuring both the current government and opposition parties to abolish prostitution, by criminalising the buying of sex, along Swedish lines. At the same time, those supporting the "status quo" or advocating a more liberal approach challenged this argument. In the ensuing Dáil election on 25 February, a new Government was formed by Fine Gael (70 seats) and Labour (34 seats). The women's branch of the Labour Party support criminalisation of purchase.
In June 2012, the Department of Justice and Equality issued its "Discussion Document on Future Direction of Prostitution Legislation". In September 2012, the Oirechtas produced a background document entitled "Prostitution regulation in Ireland: which way now?" This was followed by a conference in Dublin organised by the Department, to discuss policy alternatives.
Following a request by the Minister for Justice and Equality, the Oireachtas Justice Committee held hearings on discussion document between December 2012 and February 2013. Prior to the hearings, a number of the committee members, such as Independent Senator Katherine Zappone, had already committed to a sex purchase ban, and the majority of submissions and presentations supported this measure and were associated with Turn Off the Red Light. In June 2013, it produced a unanimous report
recommending reform of Ireland's laws on prostitution, including criminalising purchase, and providing services for those wishing to exit prostitution. Of the opposition parties, both Fianna Fáil (20 seats) and Sinn Féin (14 seats) have expressed support for this approach at their 2013 Ardfheiseanna (party conferences), with the only dissenting voices coming from the independent bloc of deputies in the Dáil. However, there has been a reluctance on the part of the Government to act on the recommendations. A Private Member's Bill was however introduced in the Dáil in March 2013, the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) (Amendment) Bill 2013, by Independent TD Thomas Pringle which would criminalise the purchase of sex, on behalf of Turn Off the Red Light, which was given a second reading in May 2013, receiving the support of Fianna Fáil and Sinn Féin. The Government preferred to wait for the Justice Committee report, and the bill was defeated on 7 May 2013.
In August 2014, former US President Jimmy Carter wrote to all Irish politicians urging the adoption of the criminalisation of the purchase of sex. Carter had been briefed by the Immigrant Council of Ireland, a leading figure in the Turn Off the Red Light campaign.
In March 2016, the Union of Students’ Ireland (USI) passed a motion to campaign for the decriminalisation of sex workers in Ireland at its 2016 congress.
People Before Profit (PBP) stated in August 2020 that it supports the full decriminalisation of sex work.
Forms and extent of prostitution.
There are no up-to-date reliable figures estimating the number of women or men currently working in prostitution in Ireland, but one estimate is 1,000. During Ireland's economic boom male demand for female prostitution services increased. There has been a marked increase in people turning towards the internet and sites as a more effective means of advertising.
For many years prior to the 1993 Sexual Offences Act, most female prostitutes worked on the streets, but, since that time, prostitution rings operating organised escort agencies have become the most prevalent form. Advertising in print publications remains illegal, but a very well-developed Internet advertising medium exists.
Prostitutes of many nationalities now reside in Ireland and "Ruhama", an organisation seeking to help women to leave both voluntary and coercive prostitution, reported to the Irish State in 2006 that over 200 women were trafficked by escort agencies into Ireland.
Advocacy.
Organisations.
SWAI (Sex Workers Alliance Ireland), is an advocacy group for sex workers in Ireland. It was formed in 2009 by an alliance of individuals and groups to promote the social inclusion, health, safety, civil rights, and the right to self-determination of sex workers. SWAI actively advocates for the decriminalisation of sex work in Ireland and believes sex workers in Ireland should be free to work in safety without fear, judgment or stigma.
Ugly Mugs Ireland is a safety scheme for sex workers established in 2009. It brings sex workers together to share information with each other about potential dangers.
Ruhama (Hebrew: Renewed life), established in 1989, is a Dublin-based NGO operated by the Catholic Sisters of Our Lady of Charity order, which works on a national level with women affected by prostitution and other forms of commercial sexual exploitation. The organisation regards prostitution as violence against women and violations of women's human rights. Ruhama sees prostitution and the social and cultural attitudes which sustain it as being deeply rooted in gender inequality and social marginalisation. Ruhama offers a range of services to support women in and exiting prostitution. Ruhama also seeks to highlight sex trafficking.
Campaigns.
A campaign set up in 2011 to end prostitution and sex trafficking in Ireland called "Turn Off the Red Light" is run by an alliance of more than 66 community, union and religious groups, including the Irish Nurses and Midwives Organisation, and the Irish Medical Organisation. Core members are the Immigrant Council, Ruhama and the National Women's Council.
In response, a counter-campaign called "Turn Off the Blue Light" was created by sex workers and supporters in favour of decriminalisation to rebut what they see as misleading information and to present a positive image of sex workers in Ireland. A chief complaint it has of the "Turn Off The Red Light" campaign is that it conflates legal and consensual sex work with illegal human trafficking.

</doc>
<doc id="7010991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010991" title="Khorenatzi medal">
Khorenatzi medal



</doc>
<doc id="7010999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7010999" title="Marc Dery">
Marc Dery



</doc>
<doc id="7011001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011001" title="Nick Rizzo">
Nick Rizzo

Nicholas Anthony Rizzo (born 9 June 1979) is an Australian former footballer. Rizzo began his career in England with Liverpool, however, he made his professional debut for Crystal Palace where he featured in the Division 1. He then moved to Italy and played with Ternana, AC Ancona and AC Prato before returning to England with Milton Keynes Dons, Grimsby Town and Chesterfield. He has since played in his native land for Perth Glory, Central Coast Mariners and APIA Leichhardt Tigers. He has been capped once for Australia.
Club career.
After being educated at playing school football at Waverley College in Sydney, Rizzo arrived in England in 1996 joining English giants Liverpool. Although not capped in the first team, the then 18-year-old was an unused substitute on four occasions in the Premier League season 1997/98. He was then lured to Crystal Palace by Terry Venables for two seasons and featured in 36 league games before moving to Italian Serie B side Ternana in 2000. At Palace he scored three times; once in the league against Norwich City and twice in a League Cup tie against Colchester United (once in the first leg and once in the second leg).
Following three injury plagued seasons with a knee injury in Italy he then joined English League 1 side Milton Keynes Dons (formerly Wimbledon F.C.) on a free transfer in November 2004, where he became a firm favourite with the fans. He is a lively and tricky player, known for his crossing and readiness to shoot on sight as well as his hard work and discipline. The summer of 2006 was not the best of times for Rizzo, who featured in the Dons' first pre-season game against Derby County but suffered with injury later in the season before going on loan to league two side Grimsby Town and then league one side Chesterfield in 2007. It was announced on 8 May 2007 that Rizzo's contract with M K Dons had been terminated by mutual consent.
He then signed a two-year contract with Perth Glory on 19 May 2007, and made his debut on 26 August 2007, coming on in the 69th minute for Naum Sekulovski in a game against the Newcastle Jets.
Rizzo was not offered a new contract at Perth Glory, and went on to sign a short-term deal for the Central Coast Mariners to play in their AFC Champions League campaign. It was announced on 20 May 2009, that Nick Rizzo's contract with Central Coast Mariners would not be re-signed. Rizzo went on to play for APIA Leichhardt Tigers until 2011.
International career.
Nicky has represented Australia at the U17, U20, U23 level and is a full Australian international when he played for the Socceroos against Croatia in 1998. He also played in the 2000 Olympics for the Australian U23 team which failed to go past the group stages.
Coaching career.
Since retiring Rizzo has set up his own soccer school named "Nick Rizzo International Football School".
Honours.
Australia U-20
External links.
Family
he now has 3 daughters

</doc>
<doc id="7011007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011007" title="Pierre Rossier">
Pierre Rossier

Pierre Joseph Rossier (16 July 1829 – 22 October 1886) was a pioneering Swiss photographer whose albumen photographs, which include stereographs and cartes-de-visite, comprise portraits, cityscapes, and landscapes. He was commissioned by the London firm of "Negretti and Zambra" to travel to Asia and document the progress of the Anglo-French troops in the Second Opium War and, although he failed to join that military expedition, he remained in Asia for several years, producing the first commercial photographs of China, the Philippines, Japan and Siam (now Thailand). He was the first professional photographer in Japan, where he trained Ueno Hikoma, Maeda Genzō, Horie Kuwajirō, as well as lesser known members of the first generation of Japanese photographers. In Switzerland he established photographic studios in Fribourg and Einsiedeln, and he also produced images elsewhere in the country. Rossier is an important figure in the early history of photography not only because of his own images, but also because of the critical impact of his teaching in the early days of Japanese photography.
Identity and origins.
Until very recently, little was known about Rossier; even his given name was a mystery. In his own time he was sometimes referred to as "P. Rossier" and at other times as "M. Rossier". Documents discovered in the Fribourg town archives finally proved that his given name was Pierre, and it can be assumed that the "M" in "M. Rossier" stood for "". He was long thought to be from France and while he was in Japan he was even referred to as an "Englishman"; however, recent research has revealed that Rossier was Swiss, born on 16 July 1829 in Grandsivaz, a small village in the Canton of Fribourg. He was the fourth of ten children of a farming family of modest means. At the age of sixteen he became a teacher at a school in a neighbouring village, but by 1855 he was issued a passport to visit France and England to work as a photographer.
At some point after leaving Switzerland and arriving in England, Rossier was commissioned by the firm of "Negretti and Zambra" to travel to China to photograph the Second Opium War (1858–1860). It may be that the firm considered Rossier's Swiss citizenship an asset for such a voyage, that his country's neutrality might help him find passage aboard either British or French ships. Taking into account the high costs and uncertainty incurred by the firm and the potential hazards for Rossier himself, this was an important commission.
Photographing in Asia.
Rossier was in Hong Kong in 1858, and he soon began taking photographs, mostly in and around Canton (now Guangzhou). In November 1859 "Negretti and Zambra" published a set of fifty of Rossier's views, including stereographs. These received favourable reviews in photographic periodicals of the day. In 1858 or 1859 Rossier travelled to the Philippines where he visited and photographed the Taal Volcano. Rossier was in Japan by 1859, producing photographs first in Nagasaki, then in Kanagawa, Yokohama and Edo (now Tokyo); he was the first professional photographer to arrive in Japan. One of the photographs Rossier took during the summer of 1859, while in Nagasaki, was a portrait of Philipp Franz von Siebold's son Alexander and a group of samurai from the Nabeshima clan.
At the end of June 1860, Rossier was in Shanghai, and it is likely that he visited the city in an attempt to gain permission to accompany the Anglo-French military expedition that had already arrived in northern China and thereby fulfill his commission to document the Second Opium War. If so, he was unsuccessful; both forces had already hired photographers to document the mission. The British forces were accompanied by the photographers Felice Beato and John Papillon, and the French by Antoine Fauchery, Lieutenant-Colonel Du Pin, and possibly also by Louis Legrand. Although Rossier failed even to embark on the mission he had been hired to document, he remained in East Asia for some time longer.
By October 1860, Rossier had returned to Nagasaki, where he took photographs of the harbour on behalf of the British Consul, George S. Morrison, for which Rossier was paid $70. Although Rossier's photographs of Japan were advertised by "Negretti and Zambra" on at least two occasions in 1860, the firm did not publish them until October or November 1861. Five of Rossier's views of Japan appeared earlier, in George Smith's book, "Ten Weeks in Japan", in April 1861, and that July, eight of Rossier's Japan photographs appeared in the form of lithographs in Henry Arthur Tilley's book, "Japan, the Amoor, and the Pacific". An 1861 edition of the Illustrated London News included several engravings under the collective title "Domestic Life in China", the images having been taken from Rossier's stereographs. One of the photographs "Negretti and Zambra" had advertised in 1860 became the first commercial photograph taken in Japan to be published, and is the earliest known hand-coloured Japanese photograph.
Thanks to a number of documents of the time, it is now certain that "Negretti and Zambra"'s photographs of China and Japan were taken by Rossier, but for many years it was thought that they might have been taken by either Walter B. Woodbury, who also had dealings with "Negretti and Zambra" but was based in Batavia (now Jakarta), or Abel Gower, who was an amateur photographer in Japan. The Leiden University photograph collection includes a portrait, allegedly of Gower, signed "P. Rossier", and in 1859 Rossier and Gower shared passage aboard "HMS Sampson" from Nagasaki to Edo.
Teaching photography.
Rossier first arrived in Japan in 1859, at a time when early experiments in photography were being conducted in Kyūshū, particularly in Nagasaki. The city was the centre of "rangaku", the study of Western science, and it was here that physicians Jan Karel van den Broek and J. L. C. Pompe van Meerdervoort were instrumental in teaching their Japanese students not only medicine but also chemistry and photography. Neither Van den Broek nor Pompe van Meerdervoort was an experienced photographer, and their attempts to produce photographs were largely failures. Nevertheless, in turn they taught wet-collodion process photography to Keisai Yoshio, Furukawa Shumpei, Kawano Teizō, Maeda Genzō, Ueno Hikoma, and Horie Kuwajirō, among others.
On his arrival in Japan, Rossier presumably introduced himself as a photographer despatched to Japan by "Negretti and Zambra", perhaps thereby inspiring a misconception, for while he remained in the country he was often referred to as an "English" photographer. In Nagasaki, Rossier was assisted in his work by Maeda Genzō, who had been instructed to accompany the "Englishman" and to further learn photography. With Maeda and other students escorting him around the city, Rossier took photographs of priests, beggars, the audience of a sumo match, the foreign settlement, and the group portrait of Alexander von Siebold and samurai. Rossier believed that Pompe van Meerdervoort's failures in photography were due to a lack of the necessary chemicals and so he provided Maeda with a letter of recommendation to procure photographic apparatus and chemicals from a source in Shanghai. Both Maeda and Furukawa bought lenses, chemicals and albumen paper through Rossier.
At this time, Ueno Hikoma and Horie Kuwajirō also received photographic instruction from Rossier. Apparently Ueno had originally intended to learn not only the practice of photography but also the manufacture of cameras. The encounter with Rossier seems to have convinced Ueno to pursue photography as a career, but he was so overwhelmed by the technology of the camera that he quickly dropped the notion of making one himself. Within a few months, he and Horie had purchased a French camera and chemicals, thereafter launching their independent photographic careers.
Although Rossier's time in Japan was brief and the surviving photographic legacy of his sojourn is scant, he nevertheless had a lasting impact on photography in the country.
Later years.
In 1861, Rossier was in Siam, where he assisted the French zoologist Firmin Bocourt by taking ethnographic portraits for the latter's scientific expedition of 1861–1862, and in 1863, "Negretti and Zambra" issued a series of 30 stereographic portraits and landscapes taken in Siam that are almost certainly the work of Rossier. In February 1862, Rossier was again in Shanghai, where he sold his cameras and other photographic equipment before embarking for Europe. During his time in Asia it is possible that Rossier photographed in India; "Negretti and Zambra" issued a series of views of India at about the same time as Rossier's China views.
Rossier returned to Switzerland in early 1862 and, in October 1865, married Catharine Barbe Kaelin (1843–1867). The couple had a son, Christophe Marie Pierre Joseph, who was born on 30 July 1866. Catharine died on 4 April 1867.
Rossier maintained a photographic studio in Fribourg until at least 1876 and he also had a studio in Einsiedeln. During the 1860s and 1870s, he produced a number of stereographs and cartes-de-visite comprising portraits and views of Fribourg, Einsiedeln and other places in Switzerland. An 1871 advertisement in the French-language Fribourg newspaper offered photographs by Rossier of religious paintings by the artist Melchior Paul von Deschwanden. In 1872, Rossier applied for a passport to travel to France where he may have produced photographs. At some point between 1871 and 1884, he married again. His second wife, Marie Virginie Overney, was employed as a household servant by the landlords of his studio. They had a son, Joseph Louis, who was born in Paris on 16 March 1884, and who went on to own a café in Vevey, Switzerland. Pierre Rossier died in Paris some time between 1883 and 1898.
Legacy.
Examples of Rossier's views of Switzerland are held in several institutions and private collections in that country. Rossier took the first commercial photographs of China and Japan, and they are now quite rare. He complained at times of the adverse effects of the climate on his photographic chemicals and some of his negatives may have been damaged en route to London from Asia. Though his surviving images are scarce, his importance to the early history of photography in Asia is great. Before his arrival in Japan in 1859, Japanese students of photography had struggled to produce satisfactory images, but Rossier's experience, instruction, and contacts with suppliers of photographic materials were extremely helpful in the development of an autonomous photographic tradition in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="7011008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011008" title="Alpena Light">
Alpena Light

The Alpena Light, also known as the Thunder Bay River Lighthouse or Alpena Breakwater Light, is a lighthouse on Lake Huron near Alpena, Michigan. Standing on the north breakwater of Alpena Harbor, the light marks the entrance to the Thunder Bay River from Thunder Bay. The current lighthouse, built in 1914, replaced earlier wooden structures which had been in use since 1877 and 1888. The current light is a weather-protected structure on a steel frame. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006, and the state inventory list the same year.
History and description.
The history of the Alpena Lights closely follows the history of the local timber industry. Shipping in and out of the Thunder Bay River has historically concentrated on logs, cut lumber, and rolls of paper and newsprint. The first petition for a lighthouse at the mouth of the Thunder Bay River, from a consortium of men active in the local lumber industry, came in 1857. Other pleas followed.
Congress partly responded to these appeals in 1867 with an appropriation of $10,000 to build a light at nearby Trowbridge Point. After further appeals directly to the United States Lighthouse Board, the Board advised Congress to move the location of the prospective light to the mouth of the Thunder Bay River. This recommendation was a key element in the final location of the Alpena Light. Congress approved the recommendation in 1868.
First and second lights.
In August 1875, the first Alpena Light was established as a temporary -tall "pole light" approximately ten miles off shore.
In 1877, a second light was built from a timber design of Major Godfrey Weitzel. It was a brown wooden pyramidal tower, complete with a Sixth Order Fresnel lens. In July 1888 it burned with much of the town. After it burnt, keeper E.G. Howard—who had managed to save the keeper's house from the conflagration—again put up a temporary pole with a light. The original fog bell from the "1870 light" [sic] is on display at the Huron Lights Museum north of town.
Current (third) light.
The current Alpena Light (1914), the third light of that name, is thought to be the only lighthouse of this type in the U.S. Russ Rowlett, who maintains the online Lighthouse Directory, flatly states that: "this tower is the only surviving example of its design." However, the structure of this light is similar in concept to Lake Superior's Chequamegon Point Light. There are also skeletal towers of various other designs in the western Great Lakes.
Originally painted black, its daymark function was enhanced in 1950 by painting it bright red.
The current lens was installed circa 1996. The original Fresnel lens is presently located at the Grand Traverse Lighthouse.
From 1878 to 1965 there were five lighthouse keepers at this location.
The Alpena Light fog horn has gone through different iterations. In 1891, there was a fog bell with an automated striking mechanism, which was upgraded in 1920 to an electric alarm, and in 1932 to the current modern automated fog horn.
The Alpena Light onshore complex once included a brick oil storage building, built in 1896; it was removed after the light's electrification. The light was automated in 1974.
The current Alpena Light is tall; references in some sources to this light being " tall" are factually incorrect. "Compare" the U.S. Coast Guard Light List, the Terry Pepper Seeing the Light database of heights, and the Lighthouse Directory.
Getting there.
The Alpena Light is best viewed from the transient docks at the City of Alpena’s marina. It has been variously called "Sputnik" and "Little Red" by locals. Others are dismissive, opining that it is "Long on duty, short on beauty." Another colorful local phrase is, "Don't kick the can." The light marks the Alpena harbor of refuge and is located just east of downtown Alpena.
The light today.
Over the years, this light has been a source of civic pride, and has been the subject of many postcards. The Great Lakes lighthouse festival is centered in Alpena in the second weekend of each October, and this light was used in 1999 as a pictorial cancellation of stamps celebrating the event. Passing freighters in the river come very close to the light.
As of 2010, the Alpena Light is an active aid to navigation.
In June 2011, the General Services Administration made the Alpena Light (along with 11 others) available at no cost to public organizations willing to preserve them.
Replica.
A scaled down replica of this light was built on Lake Havasu at Lake Havasu City, Arizona. The replica is in Mohave County, Arizona, was sponsored by the County Board of Supervisors, and was built by members of the Lake Havasu Lighthouse Club. It was dedicated on November 5, 2006, and is at GPS:3 4° 26.99' N - 114° 22.38' W. It is on the western tip of Havasu Island, and has a red light that flashes sixty times per minute.

</doc>
<doc id="7011017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011017" title="Jim &quot;Monk&quot; Moscrip">
Jim &quot;Monk&quot; Moscrip



</doc>
<doc id="7011029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011029" title="Conflict Theory">
Conflict Theory



</doc>
<doc id="7011035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011035" title="Ibn Hazn">
Ibn Hazn



</doc>
<doc id="7011042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011042" title="Type 93">
Type 93

Type 93 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7011047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011047" title="Green Flame">
Green Flame



</doc>
<doc id="7011055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011055" title="FC Oleksandriya">
FC Oleksandriya

Football Club Oleksandriya (), commonly known as Oleksandriya, is a Ukrainian professional football club based in the city of Oleksandriya, Kirovohrad Oblast. Founded in 1990, the club plays in the Ukrainian Premier League. The year 1948 on the club's crest appeared after its merger with UkrAhroKom in 2014 and depicts football heritage of the club rather than the club's foundation.
In 2014 the club changed ownership when the original owner Mykola Lavrenko sold it to Serhiy Kuzmenko, the owner of UkrAhroKom.
Debuting in the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League in July 2016, the club became the first one from Kirovohrad Oblast to qualify for the European competitions and second after Kryvbas in Central Ukraine (Right-bank).
History.
Pre-existing club (Shakhtar Oleksandriya).
FC Shakhtar Oleksandriya was established in 1948 at the production association "Oleksandriyavuhillya". At first the club played at the amateur competitions of the Ukrainian SSR until 1962 when it was accepted to the Class B which was a professional competitions. It played in Class B until the tournament was disbanded in 1971. After that the club returned to the amateurs where it played from 1971 to 1985 and 1988 to 1990. After 1990 season the club folded.
The club played its games at its own Shakhtar Stadium.
Polihraftekhnika / PFC Oleksandriya.
The club was formed on 6 March 1990 as Polihraftekhnika Oleksandriya () at the local printing equipment plant. The same year the club won the regional football competitions of the Kirovohrad Oblast. At same time in 1990 another Oleksandriya club Shakhtar represented the Kirovohrad region at the republican amateur level. FC Shakhtar Oleksandriya was a club of the Oleksandriyavuhillya coal mine company. At first Polihraftekhinka was leasing the Shakhtar Stadium, while building its own stadium Olimp.
From 2001 to 2003, PFC Oleksandriya played in the Ukrainian Premier League under the name of Polihraftechnika Oleksandriya, which it had since 1991. After the 2003 season the club's administration citing fiscal problems left the Professional Football League and was idle for one season.
In 2004 the president of Polihraftekhnika reestablished the club as PFC Oleksandriya, rejoined the Professional Football League and entered the Druha Liha. At the same time the Oleksandriya city administration created own football club MFC Oleksandriya which also entered the Druha Liha, however, soon thereafter the city's club withdrew from professional competitions.
Prior to the start of 2014–15 Ukrainian First League season PFC Oleksandriya going through some financial difficulties merged with UkrAhroKom Holovkivka who were also competing in the Ukrainian First League into one club and renaming themselves to FC Oleksandriya. The merger saved the Oleksandriya's club from another bankruptcy. Since the 2014 merger under the new manager Serhiy Kuzmenko (former chairman of FC UkrAhroKom), the club now claims its heritage of the Soviet miner's team of Shakhtar Oleksandriya by adding year of Shakhtar's establishment onto its club shield.
In the 2015–16 Ukrainian Premier League season, FC Oleksandriya finished 6th place, qualifying for the third qualifying round of UEFA Europa League, where they will mark their debut in a European competition.
The 2024–25 season marked a historic achievement for FC Oleksandriya, as the team secured a triumphant second-place finish in the Ukrainian Premier League for the very first time, positioned behind Dynamo Kyiv but notably ahead of Shakhtar Donetsk.
Stadium.
The club plays its games at the Sports Complex "Nika" that was built in place of the old Shakhtar Stadium. At the new stadium Oleksandriya plays since summer of 1998.
Since 1992 Oleksandriya, at that time Polihraftekhnika, was forced to play at another city stadium "Olimp" which is located on western outskirts of the city. FC Shakhtar Oleksandriya denied its city rival to play at its home stadium "Shakhtar" which was located in the center of the city. After Shakhtar Oleksandriya became defunct, its stadium was demolished and on its place was built sports complex "Nika" which was hand over to Polihraftekhnika in 1998.
Kirovohrad Oblast rivalry.
A regional rivalry exists with FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi.
Notable players.
Had international caps for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for Oleksandriya.
European record.
FC Oleksandriya played its first game of continental competition on 28 July 2016 in a home loss (0:3) to Hajduk Split. It qualified for the group stage of the competition for the first time in the 2019–20 season.
Reserves and academy.
The club fielded its reserve team for the first time in 1992-93 season as Polihraftekhnika-2 playing at amateur competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="7011066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011066" title="Rip (CD)">
Rip (CD)



</doc>
<doc id="7011076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011076" title="Nieman (surname)">
Nieman (surname)

Nieman is a Dutch and Low German surname that originated as a nickname for either an unknown or nameless person ("Niemand" in Dutch and German) or a newcomer to a place (modern Dutch "nieuw man", cognate to English Newman and High German Neumann) People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7011080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011080" title="Rage (1972 film)">
Rage (1972 film)

Rage is a 1972 American thriller/mystery film starring George C. Scott, Richard Basehart, Martin Sheen, and Barnard Hughes. Scott also directed the film, which is about a sheep rancher who is fatally exposed to a military lab's poison gas. The plot was inspired by the Dugway sheep incident. 
Plot.
When Wyoming sheep rancher Dan Logan and his son Chris go camping, the boy decides to sleep outside their tent. In the morning, he is unconscious and bleeding from his nose. As Dan gathers his limp body, he notices several of his sheep seem dead with similar bleeding. At a nearby hospital, Dan is bewildered to be subjected to tests by Dr. Holliford. His only concern is his son. 
Dan's personal physician, Dr. Caldwell, arrives and is deferential to Drs. Holliford and Spencer, despite several concerns about their treatments. Holliford is an Army Major who realizes the Logans were accidentally exposed to a deadly, aerially-dispersed nerve gas called MX-3. Because Chris slept in the open air, his exposure was more severe. Holliford estimates Dan has a week to live. 
Spencer and Holliford keep up a pretense of treating the Logans while secretly studying the effects of the toxin on their bodies. The Army realizes the gas was leaked by an obsolete aircraft and that the Logans were probably the only humans exposed. They strategize about the best way to minimize the damage of their mistake.
Chris soon dies, but hospital staff keep telling Dan his son is fine. Spencer explains the situation to Caldwell, who agrees to shield Dan from the truth. Holliford keeps Dan sedated for as long as possible, and assigns an orderly to guard him. Chris is autopsied, and Dan slips out of his room to search for his son. He finds him in the morgue. 
Dan escapes the hospital and buys a rifle. He goes to Spencer's home and holds him at gunpoint to find out the truth about his son. Dan buys dynamite from his usual supplier, who assume he is clearing rock slides. He then heads to the company that makes the nerve agent. He kills a guard and plants dynamite around the building. He kills a responding police officer before blowing up the building. 
Dan kidnaps a stranger at gunpoint and forces him to drive to the military base. He kills a guard and rams the barrier before letting the stranger go. The symptoms of the nerve agent prevent Dan from making much progress inside the base. He starts convulsing in a field. Soldiers gather around him and watch his death throes. Major Holliford arrives and draws blood from Dan's body. The film concludes the next morning as soldiers play softball on the field where Dan died.
Background.
The Dugway sheep incident in March 1968 inspired the film's premise. During various test dispersals of the nerve agent VX over the Dugway Proving Ground, an F-4 Phantom leaked some of its payload over a herd of sheep in Utah's Skull Valley. The accident resulted in the death of as many as 6,000 sheep. Dugway was a test site for various experimental warfare tactics like the bat bomb. The rancher who lost his sheep successfully sued the government for restitution. 
NBC News' "First Tuesday" aired a segment on the accident on February 4, 1969. It caused a public backlash to American chemical weapons research that was reflected in works like "The Andromeda Strain". The Dugway sheep incident also inspired Stephen King's "The Stand" and the "Three Dead Cows at Makapuu" episodes of "Hawaii Five-O".
Fred Weintraub told the "San Francisco Chronicle" that Philip Friedman and Dan Kleinman approached him with a script based on the Dugway incident. They had fictionalized it to include poisoned humans, which was never a verified outcome of the accident. In their treatment, the gas has damaged the rancher's brain, causing the disproportionate reaction to the Army's secrecy about his son's death. When Weintraub showed the script to Scott, the actor agreed to the project and asked to direct it. Weintraub was enthusiastic about the idea since Scott had recently won the Oscar for "Patton" (1970) and had also won an Emmy for directing "The Andersonville Trial" (1971).
Reception.
In "The New York Times", Vincent Canby described the film as "a bit schizoid. What it says and what it looks like don't have much in common." He argued that the film generates sympathy for the supposed villains of the piece because of the rancher's sadistic rampage. "The Washington Post" concurred, "the first half of the movie generates some tangible suspense and human interest...but it goes resolutely, fatalistically downhill, discarding the element it can spare the least—the viewer's willingness to identify with the hero."
Gene Siskel of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film two stars out of four and wrote, "As good an actor as he is, and 'Rage' is a decent example of his strength, Scott is a dismal director. The film also includes would-be arty slow-motion shots of coffee being thrown on a campfire, sedatives being handed to a hospital patient, and a cat jumping on a sofa. None of them make any sense except as errors by a fledgling director." Roger Ebert praised Scott's acting, "It’s commonplace by now to say what a fine movie actor Scott is, but it’s true. His performance is the best thing in 'Rage,' and the most consistent."
Charles Champlin of the "Los Angeles Times" was positive, calling it "entertainment with a message, and a very striking performance by Scott on both ends of the camera." Arthur D. Murphy of "Variety" called it "a sluggish, tired and tiring melodrama" which "just doesn't work." 
Quentin Tarantino called "Rage" one of his favorite Martin Sheen performances, "He is the face of banal evil".

</doc>
<doc id="7011083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011083" title="San Francisco International Airport (television)">
San Francisco International Airport (television)



</doc>
<doc id="7011087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011087" title="Siege of Odawara (1561)">
Siege of Odawara (1561)

In the 1561 siege of Odawara, a battle of Japan's Sengoku period, Uesugi Kenshin attacked Odawara castle. This was the first of several sieges which would befall Odawara castle, the home castle of the Hōjō clan.
Background.
In 1559, Kenshin was pushed once again by Uesugi Norimasa to take control of the Kantō back from the Hōjō, and in 1560 he was able to comply. In August of the same year, he put southern Echigo under control of a five-man council for broad mobilization, as well formed a small investigative council for any kind of unrest. In 1561 he marched to Odawara.
Siege.
Uesugi Kenshin was at the height of his campaign against the Hōjō clan, as he captured several of their castles. Kenshin was successful in taking a number of castles from the Hojo clan, like Numata Castle and Umayabashi Castle.
Later, Kenshin besieged the Hōjō's main castle, Odawara Castle. The Uesugi breached the defenses, and burned the castle town. However, Kenshin would withdraw after two months. This came as the result of a lack of adequate supplies, and the reappearance of Takeda Shingen, Kenshin's long-time rival, who was threatening his territories.
Aftermath.
The Odawara castle itself however remained unconquered; this ended the first of three sieges of the Odawara castle.

</doc>
<doc id="7011092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011092" title="Theodorus Janssonius van Almeloveen">
Theodorus Janssonius van Almeloveen

Theodorus Janssonius van Almeloveen (24 July 1657 – 28 July 1712) (Theodoor Jansson) was a Dutch physician, and the learned editor of various classical and medical works. He was born at Mijdrecht, near Utrecht, where his father was minister of the reformed church. His mother, Mary Jansson, was related to the celebrated printer of Amsterdam, Jan Jansson.
After studying at Utrecht University under various eminent men, such as Johann Georg Graevius for belles lettres, de Vries for philosophy, Johann Leusden for theology, Johannes Munniks and Jacob Vallan (1637–1720), for medicine, etc., he determined to give up his father's profession, for which he had been intended, and devote himself to medicine. He became doctor of medicine at Utrecht in 1681.
In 1687, he settled at Gouda, where he married. He founded a learned society there in 1692. In 1697, he was invited to Harderwijk, to become professor of Greek and history; and in 1702, he was appointed professor of medicine, retaining both offices until his death.
He was an untiring author and editor, and acquired the highest reputation as a teacher, and for his scholarship, science, and particularly for his great bibliographical knowledge. For this specialty, it has been suggested, he may have been indebted to the opportunities of observation afforded him by his uncle Jan Jansson, the printer, whose name he bore.
He had a great knowledge of books. Besides editions with notes of Strabo, Juvenal, Quintilian, the Aphorisms of Hippocrates, Celsus, "Apicius", Aurelian on Diseases, and Decker's "Treatise on Supposititious Writings", he has left a work in Dutch on the anatomy of the muscles, several bibliographical treatises in Latin, among which are a work—"De Vitis Stephanorum", a list of Plagiaries, and a list of books promised that never appeared.
In his "Inventa nov-antiqua" (1684), he discusses in detail, with a strong bias towards antiquity, the question of how far the discoveries in contemporary medicine were anticipated by ancient physicians. In this particular field, therefore, he sustains the "ancients versus moderns" thesis taken up by others, and which, in its greatest amplitude, led to the serious debates of Sir William Temple and William Wotton, and to Jonathan Swift's satirical "The Battle of the Books".
In his "Plagiariorum Syllabus" (1694), he lists authors—including biblical, classical, and contemporary writers—who have plagiarized expressions from previous writers. His list includes Andrea Alciato, Bodin, Calvin, Casaubon, Heinsius, Junius, Justus Lipsius, Petrus Ramus, Claudius Salmasius, Scaliger, and Henry Estienne, among others.
Bibliography.
Saskia Stegeman, “How to set up a scholarly correspondence. Theodorus Janssonius van Almeloven (1657-1712) aspires to membership of the Republic of Letters”, "LIAS", XX, 1993, p. 227-243
Saskia Stegeman, "Patronage and services in the Republic of Letters : the network of Theodorus Janssonius van Almeloveen (1657-1712)", Amsterdam, APA-Holland University Press, 2005, XVI-612 p.

</doc>
<doc id="7011094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011094" title="NSSO">
NSSO

NSSO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7011096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011096" title="Limits in Kingdom Hearts II">
Limits in Kingdom Hearts II



</doc>
<doc id="7011097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011097" title="Ricoh XR-P">
Ricoh XR-P

The Ricoh XR-P (also XR-P Multi-Program) is a 35mm Single Lens Reflex (SLR) camera manufactured by Ricoh from 1984. 
Specifications.
The XR-P's lens system is the Ricoh System RK mount. Shutter speed ranges from 16 seconds to 1/2000 seconds plus B and TV. It has a self-timer of 10 seconds (zero seconds for left-hand shutter operation), and an interval timer of 2 seconds, 15 seconds, or 60 seconds. The viewfinder's field of view covers 93%, magnification at .88X with 50mm, F1.4 standard lens. Viewfinder display includes Exposure adjustment, AE lock, manual, program mode, TV mode, overexposure and under exposure marks, shutter speed indicator, battery low warning, and programmed F-stop.

</doc>
<doc id="7011102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011102" title="1982 World Sportscar Championship">
1982 World Sportscar Championship

The 1982 World Sportscar Championship was the 30th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship racing. It featured the 1982 World Endurance Championship for Drivers, which was contested over an eight-round series, and the 1982 World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers, which was contested over five rounds held concurrently with the first five rounds of the Drivers Championship. The Drivers’ title was open to Group C Sports Cars, Group B GT Cars, Group 6 Two-Seater Racing Cars, Group 5 Special Production Cars, Group 4 GT Cars, Group 3 GT Cars, Group 2 Touring Cars and IMSA GTX, GTO and GTU cars. The Manufacturers title was limited to Group C Sports Cars and Group B GT Cars only. The series ran from 18 April 1982 to 17 October 1982.
The World Endurance Championship for Drivers was won by Jacky Ickx driving a Porsche 956 and the World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers was awarded to Porsche.
Schedule.
† - Points were awarded for the World Endurance Championship for Drivers only. 
Drivers Championship.
Points towards the 1982 World Endurance Championship for Drivers were awarded on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis to drivers of the ten top placed cars at each round, regardless of class. Bonus points were also awarded to the drivers of those cars on the following basis:
Only the best six round results could be retained by each driver. Any driver transferring between cars during a race was ineligible to score points and a driver was required to complete at least 30 percent of the car's distance to be awarded points.
Belgian driver Jacky Ickx won the title at the wheel of a Porsche 956 entered by Rothmans Porsche.
A total of 125 drivers scored points in the Drivers Championship.
Manufacturers Championship.
Points towards the 1982 World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers were scored only by Group C and Group B cars on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first ten finishers in these two classes combined. Only the best placed car from each manufacturer was eligible to score points and only the best four round results could be retained by each manufacturer.
Note: The FIA awarded manufacturers placings to the combined engine/chassis unit. For cars competing with a different make of engine to that of the chassis, the FIA gave prominence to the engine over the chassis when naming a “Manufacturer”.
The cars.
The following models contributed towards the net point scores of their respective manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="7011111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011111" title="Ramanujan prime">
Ramanujan prime

In mathematics, a Ramanujan prime is a prime number that satisfies a result proven by Srinivasa Ramanujan relating to the prime-counting function.
Origins and definition.
In 1919, Ramanujan published a new proof of Bertrand's postulate which, as he notes, was first proved by Chebyshev. At the end of the two-page published paper, Ramanujan derived a generalized result, and that is:
where formula_2 is the prime-counting function, equal to the number of primes less than or equal to "x".
The converse of this result is the definition of Ramanujan primes:
The first five Ramanujan primes are thus 2, 11, 17, 29, and 41. 
Note that the integer "Rn" is necessarily a prime number: formula_4 and, hence, formula_2 must increase by obtaining another prime at "x" = "Rn". Since formula_4 can increase by at most 1,
Bounds and an asymptotic formula.
For all formula_8, the bounds
hold. If formula_10, then also
where "p""n" is the "n"th prime number.
As "n" tends to infinity, "R""n" is asymptotic to the 2"n"th prime, i.e.,
All these results were proved by Sondow (2009), except for the upper bound "R""n" &lt; "p"3"n" which was conjectured by him and proved by Laishram (2010). The bound was improved by Sondow, Nicholson, and Noe (2011) to
which is the optimal form of "R""n" ≤ "c·p"3"n" since it is an equality for "n" = 5.

</doc>
<doc id="7011114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011114" title="2003 UNCAF Interclub Cup">
2003 UNCAF Interclub Cup

The 2003 UNCAF Interclub Cup was the 21st edition of the international club football competition held in the UNCAF region representing the seven nations of Central America. Costa Rican side Deportivo Saprissa obtained their fifth regional title after defeating Comunicaciones F.C. in the final match. Both clubs, along with third placed Liga Deportiva Alajuelense, qualified to the 2004 CONCACAF Champions' Cup.
First round.
Group 1.
Diriamba, Estelí, and Managua, Nicaragua
Group 2.
All matches were at the Estadio Cementos Progreso, Guatemala City, Guatemala
Group 3.
All matches were at the Estadio Francisco Morazán, San Pedro Sula, Honduras
Final round.
Los Angeles, USA

</doc>
<doc id="7011122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011122" title="Hanover, Virginia">
Hanover, Virginia

Hanover is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hanover County, Virginia, United States. It is the county seat and is located at the junction of U.S. Route 301 and State Route 54, south of the Pamunkey River. While historically known as Hanover Courthouse, the U.S. Geological Survey, Census Bureau, Postal Service and residents refer to it as "Hanover". The population as of the 2010 census was 252.
Courthouse.
Its most notable structure is the Hanover County Courthouse, designated a National Historic Landmark. The attorney Patrick Henry practiced law here and argued the Parson's Cause. It is within the Hanover County Courthouse Historic District, which includes the Hanover Tavern. Rebuilt in 1791 on the site of a Revolutionary-era tavern, the tavern was adapted in 1953 as the Barksdale Theatre, the nation's first dinner theatre. Barksdale was Virginia's first performing arts organization to seat integrated audiences. St. Paul's Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The Hanover County Courthouse is an operating courthouse. Located along U.S. Route 301, it is across the green from the Hanover Tavern. The courthouse is the third oldest courthouse still in use in the United States. Some local historians cited the courthouse as built in 1735, but the state historical society notes it was built between 1737 and 1742.
Geography.
Hanover is located in northeastern Hanover County, south of the Pamunkey River, which forms the border with Caroline County. U.S. Route 301 passes through the center of the CDP, leading south to the center of Richmond and north to Bowling Green. Virginia State Route 54 leads west to Ashland.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Hanover CDP has a total area of , of which , or 0.09%, are water. Via the Pamunkey River, the community is part of the York River watershed.
Demographics.
Hanover was first listed as a census designated place in the 2010 U.S. Census.

</doc>
<doc id="7011126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011126" title="Monster 4 x 4 World Circuit">
Monster 4 x 4 World Circuit



</doc>
<doc id="7011129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011129" title="List of theatrical works by W. S. Gilbert">
List of theatrical works by W. S. Gilbert



</doc>
<doc id="7011133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011133" title="Utilities Act 2000">
Utilities Act 2000

The Utilities Act 2000 (c. 27) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that deals with the gas and electrical markets in the UK. It mainly modified the Gas Act 1986, the Gas Act 1995 and Electricity Act 1989. One of the greatest changes was that integrated electricity companies were required to have separate licences for each of their businesses such as supply or distribution. The act was originally supposed to deal with water and telecoms as well, but following industry pressure they were dropped.
Section 105 of the Act is intended to protect national security; it prohibits the disclosure of certain types of information relevant to the energy sector, with penalties of fines and up to two years' imprisonment for breaches. The section has been used by Ofgem to threaten whistleblowers informing their managers and the National Audit Office of misspends of millions of pounds. The Employment Appeal Tribunal found that the law contravened the European Convention on Human Rights.

</doc>
<doc id="7011150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011150" title="Theodor Jansson van Almeloveen">
Theodor Jansson van Almeloveen



</doc>
<doc id="7011151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011151" title="Shisha no sho">
Shisha no sho



</doc>
<doc id="7011156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011156" title="Book of a Dead Person">
Book of a Dead Person



</doc>
<doc id="7011158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011158" title="At bats per home run">
At bats per home run

In baseball statistics, at bats per home run (AB/HR) is a way to measure how frequently a batter hits a home run. It is determined by dividing the number of at bats by the number of home runs hit. Mark McGwire possesses the MLB record for this statistic with a career ratio of 10.61 at bats per home run and Babe Ruth is second, with 11.76 at bats per home run. Aaron Judge has the best career ratio among active players with 11.99 at bats per home run, as of October 5, 2022.
Major League Baseball leaders.
Career.
Totals are current , minimum 3,000 plate appearances.
Season.
Single-season statistics are current .
Babe Ruth was the first batter to average fewer than nine at-bats per home run over a season, hitting his 54 home runs of the 1920 season in 457 at-bats; an average of 8.463. Seventy-eight years later, Mark McGwire became the first batter to average fewer than eight AB/HR, hitting his 70 home runs of the 1998 season in 509 at-bats (an average of 7.2714). In 2001, Barry Bonds became the first batter to average fewer than seven AB/HR, setting the Major League record by hitting his 73 home runs of the 2001 season in 476 at-bats for an average of 6.5205.
Ruth led the American League every year from 1918 until 1931, except for 1925.
Ruth, McGwire and Bonds are the only batters in history to average nine or fewer AB/HR over a season, having done so a combined ten times:
Aaron Judge's 62 HR season in 2022 came at a rate of 9.19 AB/HR. 

</doc>
<doc id="7011160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011160" title="A Book of a Dead Person">
A Book of a Dead Person



</doc>
<doc id="7011161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011161" title="Mr. Bun">
Mr. Bun



</doc>
<doc id="7011163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011163" title="Book of a Dead Person (film)">
Book of a Dead Person (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7011164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011164" title="MiniMAX Discount">
MiniMAX Discount

miniMAX Discount was a supermarket chain from Romania, owned by businessman Dinu Patriciu.
miniMAX supermarkets were mainly found in smaller urban areas, with populations below 200,000, which were not served by international retail chains such as Carrefour, Auchan, SPAR, Billa or Metro Cash and Carry. miniMAX stores were based on the discounter concept, selling a more limited range of goods at low prices. Minimax discount is now bankrupt in the city of Subscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="7011168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011168" title="Harderwick">
Harderwick



</doc>
<doc id="7011170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011170" title="Costa Del Sol">
Costa Del Sol



</doc>
<doc id="7011172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011172" title="Conlin's furniture">
Conlin's furniture



</doc>
<doc id="7011173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011173" title="Lollers">
Lollers



</doc>
<doc id="7011187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011187" title="Andreychuk">
Andreychuk

Andreychuk, Andriychuk, Andriichuk, Andreichuk, or Andrachuk (, ) is a Ukrainian surname meaning Andrew's son, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7011188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011188" title="Líder Aviação">
Líder Aviação

Líder Aviação (Líder Aviation) is a Brazilian airline specialising in air charter, aircraft sales and aircraft maintenance. Its main base is in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, where it has a presence at both airports. It has other bases throughout Brazil; at Congonhas Airport and Guarulhos International Airport in São Paulo, Santos Dumont Airport, Jacarepaguá Airport and Galeão International Airport in Rio de Janeiro, Brasília International Airport, Recife's Guararapes International Airport, Macaé Airport, Val de Cães International Airport in Belém, Vitória Airport, Salvador International Airport, Porto Alegre's Salgado Filho International Airport, Santa Maria Airport (Sergipe), and Eduardo Gomes International Airport in Manaus. Bristow Group, a large U.S.-based helicopter operator with worldwide operations supporting the offshore oil and gas industry, has a 41,9 % stake in Lider.
History.
Líder Taxi Aéreo was established on 12 November 1958 in Belo Horizonte with three Cessna 170A four-seat single-engine aircraft. By 1961 the company had grown to 20 employees and 12 Cessna 180s and 182s and that year added the first twin-engine aircraft to the fleet, a Beechcraft D18S. Operations were concentrated on the Belo Horizonte - Ipatinga route and the company also provided support flights during development of the mining region of Minas Gerais. In 1963 three Aero Commander 500Bs entered service and the company expanded into sales and maintenance with a new hangar at Belo Horizonte's Pampulha Airport. After opening of a branch at the Santos Dumont Airport in Rio de Janeiro the following year, the company's fleet played a strategic role during construction of the Três Marias and Salto Grande Dams, by connecting the sites to the country's main cities. In 1965 Líder established a base at Congonhas and was also floated as a public company. In 1968 the company imported the first business jet into Brazil, a Learjet 24. The following year saw further expansion, with the opening of a branch in the new capital city Brasília and increased freight traffic between Belo Horizonte and Rio de Janeiro, carrying newspapers out of Rio and beer on the return flights.
In 1971 Líder was appointed by Learjet as its sales agent in Brazil. In 1973 the company commenced offshore helicopter operations on behalf of Petrobras, linking oil-drilling platforms along the Brazilian coast. In 1978 the company entrenched itself in Belo Horizonte when it moved into a new central administration office building in the city. In the 1980s Líder expanded its partnerships with US aerospace organisations, becoming the Brazilian agent for Bell Helicopter Textron, Garrett AiResearch and a number of avionics manufacturers, and entering a partnership with FlightSafety International. By 1988 Líder employed over 600 people.
In 1995 Líder terminated its sales agreement with Learjet in favour of a new relationship with the Raytheon Aircraft Company (RAC), at that time the manufacturer of Beechcraft and Hawker piston engine, and corporate turboprop and jet aircraft. That year the company moved into the-then largest hangar in South America, at Congonhas Airport; it was built with space for 40 business jets and 30 helicopters. The company also took delivery of its first Sikorsky S-76 helicopter. In 1999 Líder placed orders for three Bell/Agusta BA609s. In 2002 the fleet was 18 fixed-wing aircraft and 29 helicopters. That year the company opened bases in Belém and Recife.
Fleet.
The Líder Aviação fleet includes

</doc>
<doc id="7011196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011196" title="Flushed (Dark Angel)">
Flushed (Dark Angel)



</doc>
<doc id="7011201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011201" title="Martin Roscheisen">
Martin Roscheisen

R. Martin Roscheisen is an Austrian-American technology entrepreneur.
Early life.
Roscheisen was born and raised in Munich, Germany, as an Austrian citizen. Attending Feodor Lynen high school near Munich, he graduated valedictorian in 1987. As a teenager, he spent a year at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) in Silicon Valley. He subsequently studied computer science and electrical engineering at Technical University of Munich, graduating at the top of his class. In 1992, he moved to California to earn a doctorate in engineering at Stanford University (with fellow students in Terry Winograd's group of the same year including Sergey Brin and Larry Page.)
Business.
Roscheisen was among the first generation of entrepreneurs in the late 1990s pursuing opportunities in the commercial Internet; and starting in 2000 he was one of the first entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley to focus on green energy technology:
- In 1995, Roscheisen co-founded FindLaw, which became the most widely used Internet legal site, for the first time making U.S. case law including all Supreme Court decisions accessible to the public. FindLaw is now a business unit of Thomson Reuters' West Group.
- In 1997, Roscheisen, with Stanford professor Yoav Shoham, created TradingDynamics, an enterprise software company which was acquired by Ariba for $740 million in 2000.
- In 1998, Roscheisen became founder and CEO of eGroups, an email messaging company, which was financed by Sequoia Capital and ultimately acquired by Yahoo for $450 million. (Google founder Larry Page's brother Carl was also a co-founder of eGroups.)
- In 2000, Roscheisen teamed up with Mark Pincus (today CEO of Zynga) to form an incubator called Tank Hill Projects (named after a neighborhood hill in the vicinity of which both reside in San Francisco) to create a series of new companies. Funded with an initial $10 million, the entity rapidly expanded to a headcount of 50 but shut down by October of the same year to return capital at minimum loss.
- In 2002, Roscheisen co-founded and became chairman and CEO of the first solar energy company in Silicon Valley focused on making solar power broadly affordable: Nanosolar.
 Nanosolar pioneered a fast process for simply printing solar cells on low-cost metal foil. Roscheisen raised more than $500 million in capital for Nanosolar (starting with Google founders, LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman, Zynga founder Mark Pincus, Sunil Paul, VCs USVP and Benchmark Capital, hedge fund manager Steve Cohen at SAC Advisors, Passport Capital, and private equity firm Carlyle Group as well as the world's largest utility EDF and power producer AES), built a 100MW semi fab and a 640MW assembly plant, and secured $4.1 billion in customer supply contracts from EDF (the world's largest utility) and other energy utilities. Under Roscheisen, Nanosolar became a Silicon Valley flagship company in green technology, widely featured in the media including Fortune, Gigaom, the SJ Merc, Wired, VentureBeat, EDN, Motley Fool's, Business Week, USA Today, and receiving a number of outstanding awards such as the No. 1 technology innovation award in 2007 by Popular Science Magazine and TIME magazine's innovation of the year award (as No. 1, ahead of the iPhone as #2) as well as the World Economic Forum's Technology Pioneer award. After eight years as Chairman &amp; CEO, Roscheisen left the company in 2010, with neither Roscheisen nor the company issuing any comment. Nanosolar was named a top 10 "patent power" manufacturer in 2011 by IEEE, with Roscheisen himself named inventor on more than 34 patents.
- In 2011, Roscheisen started a grid storage company in the taizhou area with backing by the Chinese government.
- In 2015, Roscheisen launched Diamond Foundry, with backing by Leonardo DiCaprio and ten billionaires.
- In November 2016, Roscheisen and Diamond Foundry purchased the jewelry brand VRAI.

</doc>
<doc id="7011203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011203" title="Univison Radio">
Univison Radio



</doc>
<doc id="7011204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011204" title="Conestoga Wood Specialties">
Conestoga Wood Specialties

Conestoga Wood Specialties is a manufacturer of wood doors and components for kitchen, bath and furniture, based in East Earl, Pennsylvania. They have five factories, located in Washington, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania, employing about 1,200 people.
The company was founded in 1964 by brothers Norman and Samuel Hahn and several others, working from a garage in East Earl, Pennsylvania. The company is still owned by Norman Hahn and other members of the Hahn family, who are of Pennsylvania Dutch heritage and belong to the Mennonite community. Anthony Hahn (son of Norman Hahn) is currently the CEO. One of their plants is across the road from that original garage, at 245 Reading Road. They later added plants in Beavertown, Pennsylvania; Darlington, Maryland (closed in late 2007); Mountain View, Arkansas (closed); Jacksonville, Arkansas (closed); Kenly, North Carolina; Kent, Washington and Tooele, Utah (closed).
Although the company deals both with manufacturers ordering thousands of pieces at a time, and custom shops needing one-off orders, they deal only with the trade, declining retail orders.
They are one of the largest employers of all manufacturing companies in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Opposition to the Affordable Care Act.
The Affordable Care Act, enacted on March 23, 2010, includes a provision that mandates health insurance cover “additional preventive care and screenings” for women. The Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) issued a set of guidelines in the mandate, which concludes access to contraception is medically necessary to “ensure women’s health and well-being.”
Norman Hahn, owner of Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp., objected to the new provisions set forth, and claimed it would be "sinful and immoral" to pay for or support certain forms of contraception, such as Plan B, as required by compliance with the Affordable Care Act. Although Conestoga Wood Specialities Corp. complied with the mandate to avoid fines of up to $95,000 per day, it filed suit for an exemption.
In July 2013, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court ruling that the Conestoga Wood Specialities Corp. did not qualify for an exemption from providing coverage based on religious beliefs. In September 2013, Conestoga Wood Specialties successfully appealed the ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court, which consolidated the case with "Burwell v. Hobby Lobby". Two dozen amicus briefs were filed in support of the government, and five dozen in support of the companies. A friend-of-the-court brief filed in "Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Burwell" argued that corporations do not have religions, and for-profit corporations cannot claim exemptions from the law based on the religions of their stockholders.
On June 30, 2014, Associate Justice Samuel Alito delivered the judgment of the court. The Supreme Court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby and Conestoga, finding that closely held for-profit corporations have free exercise of religion under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The court responded by saying, "Congress, in enacting RFRA, took the position that 'the compelling interest test as set forth in prior Federal court rulings is a workable test for striking sensible balances between religious liberty and competing prior governmental interests'.

</doc>
<doc id="7011206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011206" title="Ionotropic receptors">
Ionotropic receptors



</doc>
<doc id="7011217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011217" title="MP 73">
MP 73

The MP 73 (; ) is rolling stock on tires for Paris Métro Line 6. Put into service in 1974, it is similar to the MP 59 performance-wise, with the appearance of MF 67. It originally wore a dark blue livery called (King Blue) but has since been repainted with the standard RATP livery. It constitutes, after the MP 51, the MP 55, and the MP 59, the fourth Parisian generation of rubber-tired metros.
This is the only type of rolling stock in the Paris metro for which all the trains on the market have been put into service in the space of just one year.
In some cases, trailers of an MP 73 would be paired with trailers of an MP 59, creating a hybrid formation. This practice ended in 1999 when the MP 55 and many MP 59 stock were retired following the arrival of the MP 89.
The MP73 is currently being replaced by the MP 89 on Line 6.
Santiago Metro has a forked version named NS 74. The Mexico City Metro has another forked version named MP 82.
History.
After equipping Line 4 with rolling stock (MP 59), the RATP considered the conversion of iron lines to tires to be too long and costly to be completed within a timeframe compatible with the replacement of the oldest rolling stock. The RATP then developed modern iron-based equipment, the MF 67, in order to quickly replace the old Sprague-Thomson trainsets. However, Line 6 of the metro having an aerial route over almost half of its length, it is again equipment on tires that is chosen, in order to limit noise and vibrations with regard to local residents.
This new equipment, named MP 73, has a different appearance from the other series of equipment on tires, with angular faces similar to the MF 67. The MP 73 was first released with a livery consisting of strong blue at the bottom of the body, and light gray at the top in order to better withstand pressure washing as well as the constraints of a largely outdoor operation. The interior was uniformly very light grey. However, they were since repainted with blue, green and yellow interiors and the standard RATP paint on the outside. The MP73 trains have five cars, two of which are motor cars with driver's cabins, one motor car without a cabin, and two standard passenger cars. The bogies are equipped with "ZZ" ribbed tires to improve grip on outdoor sections of the track in rainy weather.
The fifty MP 73 trainsets built in 1974 were put into service between July 1 and July 31, 1974. They are particularly appreciated by local residents for their much lower noise levels than the old iron wheel trains they replace: According to the measurements taken on the viaducts during commissioning, at equal speed and at the height of the first floor of the buildings, the MP 73 reaches 67.5 dB(A) against 80 dB(A) for the Sprague-Thomson trains. Inside the trains, the noise measured also drops sharply, from 82 to 64 dB(A).
Until 1975, the MP 73s ran alongside the few remaining Sprague-Thomson trains on Line 6. Some MP 73 trains were transferred to reinforce line 4 (until 1979) and line 11 (until 1999).
The MP 73 did not originally have glazing on interior doors and articulations. The glazing was put in place afterwards to reduce vandalism and improve durability.
From 1996, the RATP undertook the renovation of the MP 73 trains. The first renovated train was 6529 (M.3557-B.7029-A.6529-N.4529-M.3558) in July 1996. This renovation involves the creation of a new black front like the renovated MP 59 and MF 67 of lines 3, 3 bis and 9. It also contains the replacement of the leather seats by anti-laceration seats and new interior colors with a dominant green and yellow shading. Fluorescent lighting was also improved. The renovation of the entire series began in September 1998 after tests with the 6529 which served as a prototype for renovation. It was undertaken jointly by the RATP workshops in Fontenay-sous-Bois and Boissy-Saint-Léger as well as the Cannes La Bocca Industries workshops. The first refurbished trainset was brought back online in April 1999. The refurbishment program ended in 2002. In 2012, all the MP 73 trainsets in service were refurbished.
In 2017 and 2018, the MP73 was renewed again. On this occasion, the doors received a light gray coating on their interior side, thus losing their chrome appearance.
The withdrawal of MP 73 began at the end of 2022, as they are being replaced until 2026 by the MP 89 CC trains which were transferred from Line 4 to Line 6 following the automation of Line 4.
The only MP 73 on line 11 (6544) was removed in July 2022, to be replaced by MP 14s.
Technical characteristics.
MP 73s are limited to . Each power car is equipped with four motors operating at 750 volts. They are controlled by a JH camshaft driven by a 72 V low voltage servo motor, with thirty notches. The low voltage of 72 V, also used for lighting, is supplied by a rotary converter. Braking has eleven notches on the manipulator, entirely pneumatic; it is controlled by a solenoid valve.
They have ribbed tires, lighter bodies, new aesthetics of the front end and more comfortable seats. They are equipped with the same motors (Type MP4) as the MP 68 of the Mexico City metro.
Due to steep gradients on the line, and very close stations, the trainsets keep a high M/T ratio to be able to obtain enough power in the climbs and powerful accelerations.
Like all metros with tires in Paris (except the MP 14) the brake shoes are made of wood.
Other versions.
The MP 86 was a test MP 73 with engines and suspensions from the MPM 76 of the Marseille metro which ran on line 11 of the Paris metro until at least 1999 in M-T-T-M composition.
The RATP does not wish to communicate on this prototype, and little information is available. Nevertheless, according to testimonies from people working at the workshop located in Châtelet, the MP 86 was equipped with Renault VI heavy truck drive axles and Faiveley wipers. These bogies were of the ANF brand; the traction motors were of the Alsthom MP 41 A type.
The composition of the MP 86 is also known and comes in the M-B-B-M form, i.e. two motor cars with cabin (M) and two type (B) trailers. One of the two trailers has automatic pilot equipment. The composition of the numbers was as follows, M n° 3599 &amp; 3600, B n° 7006 &amp; 7050. A photo of the MP 86 prototype can be seen in the book Le métro de Paris, by Gaston Jacobs (page 107), where the oar on the right of MP 55 #5513 is oar #7006, bearing the number of one of the trailers. It is no longer possible to find this train which has been deregistered. Only car B.7006 survives and circulates incorporated into train no. 6506.

</doc>
<doc id="7011221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011221" title="Underwriters' Laboratories">
Underwriters' Laboratories



</doc>
<doc id="7011227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011227" title="Succubi in Fiction">
Succubi in Fiction



</doc>
<doc id="7011238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011238" title="Abu Hanifa Mosque">
Abu Hanifa Mosque

The Abu Hanifa Mosque (), also known as the Grand Imam Mosque (), is a Sunni mosque and shrine, located in the A'dhamiyya district of northern Baghdad, in the Baghdad Governorate of Iraq. The complex is one of the most prominent mosques in Baghdad, that is built around the tomb of Islamic scholar Abu Hanifa al-Nu'man, the founder of the Hanafi school, an Islamic school of Islamic religious jurisprudence.
Over the centuries, the complex has undergone many changes. Including demolishing by outside forces, reconstructions, and expansions. The mosque is located in the A'dhamiyya district, named after Abu Hanifa's reverential epithet "al-imām al-aʿdham" ("The Great Leader").
On April 11, 2003, during the Battle of Baghdad, the mosque's clocktower was hit by a rocket, initiated by U.S. armed forces. The mosque was subsequently repaired in 2004.
Background.
Caliph Abu Ja'far al-Mansur offered Abu Hanifa to be "Qadi al-qudat", chief judge, but he refused, which caused him being tortured and put in prison. He was lashed 110 lashes until he agreed. Al-Mansur ordered Abu Hanifa to make "fatwas" that expand the caliph's authority, which Abu Hanifa disagreed to do, leading him back to prison.
While he was in prison, Abu Hanifa died in 150 AH / 767 CE in Baghdad, either from being poisoned or from old age. He was buried in al-Khayzuran Cemetery, named after al-Khayzuran bint Atta that was buried in it, 23 years after Abu Hanifa was. It was said that his funeral was attended by 50,000 people, and was attended by al-Mansur himself.
History.
Buwayhids.
During the Buwayhid rule of the Abbasid Caliphate, in , a medium-sized mosque was built near Abu Hanifa's tomb, by the orders of Samsam al-Dawla. It was said that Abu Ja'far al-Zammam built a hall inside of the mosque in 379 AH.
Seljuks.
Later, in 459 AH / 1066 CE, the Grand Vizier of the Seljuk Emperor Alp Arslan, Abu Saad al-Khwarizmi or al-Mustawfi, built a shrine for Abu Hanifa in the mosque, along with a white Dome. Al-Khwarizmi also built a school near the mosque, named the Great Imam School, for teaching the Hanafi madhab. According to Ibn Khallikan, the school was opened on September 22, 1067, therefore, the Great Imam school is the first school in Baghdad. It took four months and a half to build the school (from January 8, 1067 to May 15, 1067).
Ottoman era.
After the invasion of Baghdad by the Safavid dynasty in 1508, Abu Hanifa mosque and school were destroyed and abolished, due to sectarian conflicts that the Safavids had. The Ottomans invaded Baghdad in 1534 and replaced the Shi'ite Safavid with the Sunni Ottoman rule. Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent first visited, after invading Iraq, Najaf and Karbala. And then, he visited the abolished mosque of Abu Hanifa and ordered to rebuild it and recover all the damages. Along with recovering the mosque, they also added new features to it, like a minaret, a hall, a bathroom, from 50 to 140 shops and the dome that they rebuilt was a dome that was never seen like it before. They also built a square fortress around the mosque and a watchtower. The fortress was armed with 150 soldiers with different military equipment.
Golden Age.
In 1638, the Ottomans recaptured Baghdad, after it was recaptured by the Safavids in 1623. Sultan Murad IV turned to al-A'dhamiyya and particularly, Abu Hanifa mosque, because it was the shrine of the Imam of the sultan's madhab. A luxurious dome was built on the mosque. He also brought some of the al-Ubaid tribe to live in houses around the mosque to protect it. The sultan ordered to renew the school and appointed employees to manage the school, along with allowing celebrations and holidays in the school. With the administration of Shaykh al-Islām Yahya, the sultan ordered to rebuild the buildings around the mosque and decorate it with strips of gold and silver, decorate the mosque with green wool drapes and expand the upper and lower gates. The mosque became at its greatest during the period of the rule of Sultan Murad IV.
In , the brother of the vizier, Mohammed Bek Daftary, reconstructed old parts of the mosque and built a hallway in it. In , Omar Pasha reconstructed the mosque and made its garden one of the most wonderful gardens in Baghdad.
Rebuilding and expanding.
In 1757, during the rule of the Mamluk dynasty in Iraq, the Vali of Baghdad, Suleiman Abu Layla, renewed the shrine and built a dome and a minaret. In , some of the mosque's constructions almost fell down, causing the destruction of some parts of the mosque, but Suleiman Pasha, rectified the matter and reconstructed the old buildings and painted the top of the minaret with gold. In , Sultan Abdülmecid I ordered to reconstruct the old damaged parts of the mosque and decorate it with a tunic from Al-Masjid an-Nabawi, which was welcomed with superior greetings by the residents of Baghdad because of its holiness.
In , the mother of Abdülaziz, Pertevniyal Sultan, vowed when she was sick, that if she got healed, she will rebuild the mosque with her own money, which she did after she got better. Sultan Abdulaziz ordered to form a committee that consisted of three employees in the mosque and the mayor of Adhamiyah. The cost of reconstructing the mosque was 80,000 liras. The committee made a construction map and gave it to the most popular engineer in Baghdad, Asit Karz, the map contained two hallways, several rooms from the south, east and north, a garden, a chapel, a big courtyard and a school for teaching Qur'an. The reconstructing lasted for five years.
Twentieth century.
In 1910, Sultan Abdul Hamid II ordered to reconstruct the mosque, renew the wall and build more rooms for students and poor people. These renovations costed 2,300 liras. There were several other reconstructions over the years. The most important ones were in 1918 and 1935, where the old rooms were replaced with bigger new rooms, and 1948, where they renewed the flooring and verses of Al-Fath was written on the walls of the hallways.In 1959, after the 1958 Revolution, loads of upgrades were done on the mosque. The government gave the construction money to the engineer, Najmuddin Abdullah al-Jumaili. He started working in Ramadan with the construction lasting for five years. These upgrades included:
Battle of Adhamiyah.
On April 10, 2003, during the Battle of Baghdad, a four-hour fight took place between U.S. armed forces and Iraqi forces that were positioned inside the mosque. Parts of the domes, clock tower and the halls were destroyed. People who lived near the mosque cleaned the mosque from shattered glass and battle effects, along with protecting the mosque from those who threatened to steal antiquities. The Sunni endowment, with the corporation of several companies and families, rebuilt the destroyed parts of the mosque, until it was fully recovered in 2004. In 2006, missiles fired by a Katyusha rocket launcher fell into the mosque's courtyard without any damage to the mosque.
Description.
The total area of the mosque is and it can accommodate 5,000 worshipers. On Friday prayers, the regular number of worshipers is 1,000, while on the regular everyday prayers, 200-250 worshipers come to the mosque.
Main hall.
The main hall is a great rectangular hall with an area of . It consists of eight marble pillars with a large dome on top of them with iron chains hanging from them to hold the chandeliers, with three other domes built around it on three rectangular pillars made of stone and plaster. The dome of the main hall is decorated with small accurate trappings, just like the doors and pillars. The walls are also covered with Jordanian marble, three meters above the ground. The main hall contained two niches covered with geometric motifs with four pillars built around them, decorated with gorgeous trappings and writings of Surat al-Baqara.
Hallways.
The mosque had two hallways that surround the main hall, one from the east and another from the north, with an area of each. 26 domes are built on top of the hallways, based on 12 pillars. Between every one of them . There are three doors for the hallways, one from the side of the residential area and two from the side of the markets.
Clock tower.
In 1919, the big double-faced clock was given by the mosque of Abdul-Qadir Gilani to the Abu Hanifa mosque to fix it and place it in the mosque, but it was old and most of it was damaged. Abu Hanifa mosque published in the newspapers, on February 17, 1921, the need of a specialist to help fixing the clock, but no one responded. On March 17, 1921, Abdul Razzaq Mahsoob promised to check it and, if possible, fix it. After examining it, he found it very damaged and incapable to function, so he requested making another clock that looks like the old one from the Directorate of Religious Endowments. They accepted the request on March 24. On March 25, 1925, the work started on the clock in Mahsoob's house, where he made a four-faced clock with the help of his sons, Mohammed Rashid and Abd al-Hadi. It was completed on December 28, 1929, where Mahsoob gave it to the Directorate of Religious Endowments, but they did not take it, because they weren't sure of it. He hanged it on a high wall in house until October 10, 1932, where an exhibition was opened, where Mahsoob displayed the clock and got the first place for it. It stayed in the gardens of the exhibition until February 1933, where the directorate accepted the clock but didn't hang it because there was no tower. It stayed for 26 years in the directorate's stocks until 1961, where the tower was built and the clock was hanged. In 1973, the clock tower was covered with golden aluminum sheets.
Tomb chamber.
Located under the main dome, the tomb chamber is a wide room. Abu Hanifa is buried in the middle of the room, his grave covered by a wooden Zarih with metal bars.

</doc>
<doc id="7011248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011248" title="Cardiac myocytes">
Cardiac myocytes



</doc>
<doc id="7011254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011254" title="Neuroendocrine cells">
Neuroendocrine cells



</doc>
<doc id="7011257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011257" title="Women-in-Refrigerator">
Women-in-Refrigerator



</doc>
<doc id="7011260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011260" title="Lake Alice (Gainesville, Florida)">
Lake Alice (Gainesville, Florida)

Lake Alice is a small lake on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida, United States.
The lake is a wildlife area and is one of the few areas in incorporated Gainesville where one may view live alligators. The lake also harbors a population of Florida softshell turtles. The university's bat house is near the lake. The Baughman Center sits on the southwest bank of the lake. On Lake Alice's northern side, there is a boardwalk that leads visitors through the woods and swamp to a viewing platform.
The people of the Alachua culture who built a burial mound near the College of Law on University of Florida’s campus (the "Law School Mound") c 1000 AD are believed to have lived along the shore of Lake Alice.
How Lake Alice obtained its name is uncertain. Prior to the 1890s, Lake Alice was known as "Jonah's Pond" but by 1894, US Geological Surveys noted it as Lake Alice. A Master's thesis written in 1953 makes the unreferenced claim that it was named for the only daughter of a Mr. Witt, who owned a farm of which the lake was a part.
In the late 1960s, the University of Florida administration and the Florida Department of Transportation planned to drain portions of the lake and construct a cross-campus throughway and 2,000-car parking lot along its shore. Environmental activist Marjorie Harris Carr, along with University of Florida professors John Kaufmann and Joe Little, led a successful opposition movement that eventually defeated the plan.
In 1988 the University of Florida administration sought to develop the shoreline of Lake Alice with luxury student housing, eliminating the student gardens as well as the bat house in the process. After eleven years of organized protest against the development and a petition opposing it signed by more than 8,000 students, faculty, and other citizens, the proposal was halted on December 8, 1998, when Lawton Chiles, in one of his last acts as governor before his unexpected death three days later, moved at a meeting of the Florida Cabinet to preserve the shoreline, and the motion passed unanimously.
In October 2017, an adult one-eyed alligator was photographed facing Museum Road near the shore.

</doc>
<doc id="7011269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011269" title="Ruttonjee Sanatorium">
Ruttonjee Sanatorium



</doc>
<doc id="7011270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011270" title="Warm dense matter">
Warm dense matter

Warm dense matter, abbreviated WDM, can refer to either equilibrium or non-equilibrium states of matter in a (loosely defined) regime of temperature and density between condensed matter and hot plasma. It can be defined as the state that is too dense to be described by weakly coupled plasma physics yet too hot to be described by condensed matter physics. In this state, the potential energy of the Coulomb interaction between electrons and ions is on the same order of magnitude (or even significantly exceeds) their thermal energy, while the latter is comparable to the Fermi energy. Typically, WDM has a density somewhere between and a temperature on the order of several thousand kelvins (somewhere between , in the units favored by practitioners).
WDM is expected in the interiors of giant planets, brown dwarfs, and small stars. WDM is routinely formed in the course of intense-laser–target interactions (including the inertial confinement fusion research), particle-beam–target interactions, and in other setups where a condensed matter is quickly heated to become a strongly interacting plasma. As such, the WDM physics is also relevant to ablation of metals (atmospheric entry from space, laser-machining of materials, etc).
A WDM created using ultra-fast laser pulses may for a short time exist in a two-temperature non-equilibrium form where a small fraction of electrons are very hot, with the temperature well above that of the bulk matter.

</doc>
<doc id="7011272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011272" title="Sloyd">
Sloyd

Sloyd (Swedish ), also known as educational sloyd, is a system of handicraft-based education started by Uno Cygnaeus in Finland in 1865. The system was further refined and promoted worldwide, and was taught in the United States until the early 20th century. It is still taught as a compulsory subject in Finnish, Danish, Swedish and Norwegian schools.
Historical overview.
Background.
The word "sloyd" is derived from the Swedish word , which translates as crafts, handicraft, or handiwork. It refers primarily to woodwork but also paper-folding and sewing, embroidery, knitting and crochet.
Otto Salomon, with the financial support of his uncle, started a school for teachers on the Nääs estate (now a part of the Swedish municipality of Lerum) in the 1870s. The school attracted students from throughout the world and was active until around 1960.
Educational sloyd's purpose was formative in that it was thought that the benefits of handicrafts in general education built the character of the child, encouraging moral behavior, greater intelligence, and industriousness. Sloyd had a noted impact on the early development of manual training, manual arts, industrial education, and technical education.
Sloyd in Sweden.
Sloyd () has been a Swedish school subject since the 1870s and compulsory since 1955. In the present national curriculum for Swedish elementary schools, students have classes in "slöjd" every semester, normally between the ages of nine and fifteen.
In most schools, the course is still divided traditionally into two parts: soft materials (textiles) and hard materials (woodwork and metalwork). Each semester, students switch between the two different classrooms. Differences in what kind of tasks are selected, and how the subject-specific content is handled, depending on the teacher's training.
The present aims of the curriculum in Sweden are to give pupils the opportunity to develop:
In other words, the subject of "slöjd" in Swedish schools aims to develop the student's practical knowledge, and their ability to solve practical problems through knowledge of different working processes, as well as how to evaluate the results of their own work during the production process by trying out different ways to handle specific tools or materials or by choosing alternative tools and materials.
Sloyd in America.
Born in Finland, Meri Toppelius was the first to introduce the sloyd system in the United States.
The major points of sloyd introduction in the United States were Gustaf Larsson's Sloyd Teacher Training School, which was housed on the fourth floor of the North Bennet Street Industrial School (now the North Bennet Street School) in Boston, and at the Baron de Hirsch Trade School in NYC.
Of the sloyd system, North Bennet Street Industrial School's annual report from the school year 1908–1909 had the following to say:
That same annual report goes on to say that "The Sloyd Training School, for many years occupying the fourth floor, was given a new building on Harcourt Street, the growth and demands upon the school has increased to such an extent as made the old quarters entirely inadequate. The implication is that the teachings were further absorbed into the Boston educational system.
Gustaf Larsson wrote a number of books about sloyd and sloyd education, and B.B. Hoffmann, principal of the Baron De Hirsch Trade School, also published an important text. Ednah Anne Rich, a graduate of Gustaf Larsson's school in Boston and of the Sloyd Training School at Nääs started Sloyd teacher training in Santa Barbara. In a few years, sloyd was being taught in hundreds of schools throughout the US.
Principles.
Developmental goal.
In educational sloyd, as devised by Otto Salomon in the 1870s, woodworking projects were designed to build incrementally on the child's growing skill. This was accomplished by making the projects grow in the degree of difficulty over a period of time, through the introduction of the complexity of shape and procedures, and through the gradual introduction of more difficult woodworking tools. Salomon believed that the teacher should carefully study and know each child. It was said that from the student's perspective, no project should be any more difficult than the immediately preceding project. Sloyd was taught through the use of series of models, growing in difficulty and complexity that the students were supposed to accurately reproduce without interference from the teacher. Salomon developed exercises in the use of various tools leading to proficiency in the making of models. The exercises in the use of various tools were developed through a careful study by Salomon, but he also encouraged that model series be adapted and made relevant to the various cultures in which sloyd was taught. The objects in the model series were designed to be useful to the child and his family, thereby building a relationship of goodwill and mutual support in the child's education.
"Paper sloyd," in particular, was intended as a preparation for woodworking and sewing, which were considered more difficult work appropriate for older students. The book "Paper Sloyd for Primary Grades" suggests that the craft's benefits for the student included the following: "Observation is quickened; eyes are trained to see right lines and distances, thus aiding in free-hand drawing and writing; while the hand and wrist muscles, being used for a definite purpose, unconsciously become obedient assistants."
Paper sloyd consisted of paper folding which resembles the Japanese art of origami, but involves more cutting and gluing. Projects might include folding a case for a comb or whiskbroom, a box for candies or pencils, pinwheels, a "match scratcher," a blotting-pad, or a penwiper.
Unique characteristics.
Sloyd differed from other forms of manual training in its adherence to a set of distinct pedagogical principles. These were: that instruction should move from the known to the unknown, from the easy to the more difficult, from the simple to the more complex, from the concrete to the abstract, and the products made in sloyd should be practical in nature and build the relationship between home and school. Sloyd, unlike its major rival, "the Russian system" promoted by Victor Della-Vos, was designed for general rather than vocational education.
Educational sloyd as practiced in Sweden started with the use of the knife. The knife was controversial when sloyd was first introduced in the UK. Educators in London and the other cities of the UK could hardly imagine putting knives in the hands of the juveniles. They developed a rationale for the use of chisels instead. Salomon's purpose in the use of the knife was that it illustrates a fundamental premise. During the time of sloyd's invention and introduction in rural Sweden, nearly every boy growing up on a farm was already experienced in the use of the knife and knew how to use it without endangering himself or others. Starting with the known and moving toward the unknown was a crucial element of Salomon's theory. He also believed that beauty of form was more readily available through the use of the knife.
Salomon believed that of all the basic crafts, woodworking best fit general educational purposes. Because most schools would not be able to afford to introduce a wide variety of crafts to their students, the overall needs of education would be best served through woodworking sloyd. He adhered rigidly to this plan, and it was not until his death that textile and metal sloyd was added to the teacher training at Nääs. It was also clear to Salomon that mastery of a single craft was more important than a cursory exploration of several crafts that did not offer the student the opportunity of reaching a point of mastery.
Unlike woodworking education of the later years in the US, woodworking sloyd was introduced in the primary grades for the greatest benefit to the child's growing intellect. This was in contrast to the Russian system devised by Victor Della Vos, which was intended as a vocational system to help prepare students for employment in industry. The distinctions between the two systems were greater than perceived by many. Both used a series of models, but the Russian system used only parts of things rather than finished objects. Salomon's system was based firmly on his study of a long line of educational philosophers like Rousseau, Pestalozzi, Fröbel, Commenius and others. Teacher training at Nääs involved extensive lectures in the fundamental theory of education. Salomon believed that teaching was an art in itself, and that woodworking skills were of secondary importance in the teaching of sloyd. Of various educational theorists, sloyd is most closely associated with Fröbel. "Hand &amp; Eye", an educational journal published in England from about 1890–1902, was dedicated to joint discussion of the principles of "Froebelian education" and educational sloyd.
Relationship to physical education.
As Salomon was a great believer in physical education, training teachers in games as part of the basic curriculum. In fact, the school at Nääs was the point of introduction of basketball to Europe, with the game being brought to the school by students from the US. Salomon also believed that woodworking was a means for physical development. He drew a distinction between the posture of the carpenter and the proper posture for use in sloyd.
Legacy.
Salomon kept up a regular correspondence with former students all over the world, spoke in several languages, and delivered his lectures on alternate days in Swedish, English, and German. He was not as good in English – but he practiced in his lessons and conversations during the summer courses. "My English is always better in the autumn", he said as a joke.
Thousands of teachers from all over the world attended classes at Nääs. Some of the countries in which sloyd was successfully introduced were the UK, the US, Japan, Brazil, Argentina, Cuba, the Scandinavian countries, and many more.
Today.
Currently, sloyd is still part of the compulsory school curriculum in Finland, Sweden, Denmark, and Norway. In Sweden, students take part in wood, metal and textile sloyd, and are given one grade that covers their proficiency in the subject as a whole, in Denmark all three materials are compulsory as individual subjects, and in Norway, they are united into one subject called . In Iceland, sloyd pedagogy is the basis for the Icelandic Design and Craft school curriculum.
While sloyd disappeared from the American educational landscape in the early 1900s, articles have been published by Doug Stowe in Woodwork Magazine, August 2004 and again in August 2005, and by Joe Barry in the Journal of the American Period Furniture Makers, September 2004, Volume IV.
Roy Underhill gives a 30-minute presentation from "The Book of Sloyd" on "The Woodwright's Shop" on PBS.
In 2019, a non-profit organization called Sloyd Experience was established in Boulder County, Colorado. According to the organization's website, its mission is "to strengthen children's character through woodworking, where our sole aim is to foster self-reliance, nurture concentration, coach perseverance, encourage neatness, and instill an appreciation for labor – all of which will prepare them for their future." Sloyd Experience advertises itself as reviving sloyd education and philosophy in the United States and working to provide this authentic, hands on education in communities across the country in an equitable and accessible way.

</doc>
<doc id="7011277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011277" title="Laurelvale fc">
Laurelvale fc



</doc>
<doc id="7011284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011284" title="Painted naked cyclists of the Summer Solstice Parade">
Painted naked cyclists of the Summer Solstice Parade



</doc>
<doc id="7011286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011286" title="Johnson Hagood (governor)">
Johnson Hagood (governor)

Johnson Hagood (February 21, 1829January 4, 1898) was a planter, soldier and military officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War, reaching the rank of brigadier general in the state militia and regular Confederate Army in 1862.
After the war, he became a politician in the Democratic Party. After being elected in 1876 as Comptroller General and serving a term to 1880, he was elected after the Reconstruction era as the 80th governor of South Carolina, serving a standard two-year term from 1880 to 1882.
Early years.
Born in 1829 in Barnwell, South Carolina, to a planter family, Hagood attended the private Richmond Academy in Augusta, Georgia. He attended the South Carolina Military Academy (now The Citadel), graduating in 1847 at the top of his class. He was admitted to the bar in 1850, but never practiced law.
Civil War.
When the Civil War broke out in 1861, Hagood volunteered and was enlisted a private of the First South Carolina Volunteers. He demonstrated remarkable skills in the military arts and rose rapidly through the ranks of the enlisted and subsequently as an officer. By 1862, due to his bravery in the field and considerable administrative acumen in camp, he was appointed a brigadier general and assistant adjutant general of the South Carolina Militia. His first commission in the Confederate States Army was as a colonel in the 1st (Hagood's) South Carolina Infantry. He participated in the Battle of Fort Sumter and the Second Battle of Bull Run, receiving appointment to brigadier general, effective July 21, 1862.
During the 1864 Overland Campaign, Hagood brought a brigade north to Petersburg, Virginia, and fought under Major General Robert F. Hoke in the battles of Drewry's Bluff and Cold Harbor. He and his men served in the entrenchments at the Siege of Petersburg until December 1864, when Hoke's Division was ordered to the relief of Fort Fisher. Hagood commanded Fort Anderson during the Battle of Wilmington.
Battle of Fort Wagner and later surrender.
After defeating Colonel Robert Gould Shaw and the all-black 54th Massachusetts Regiment at the second Battle of Fort Wagner in July 1863, commanding Confederate General Johnson Hagood had the bodies of nearly all the dead Union officers returned to their lines, as was customary. But he deliberately had Shaw's body stripped, robbed, and buried in a mass grave with his black soldiers, which was considered an insult. Like many Confederate officers, he believed that the African-American soldiers were fugitive slaves and characterized the attack on the fort as a slave revolt led by Shaw. Regarding Shaw, Hagood reportedly told a captured Union surgeon that “Had he been in command of white troops, I should have given him an honorable burial; as it is, I shall bury him in the common trench with the niggers that fell with him.”
At the end of the war, Hagood's troops were serving under General Joseph E. Johnston in North Carolina. He may have surrendered with Johnston at Durham Station in April, 1865, although Hagood's brigade was then commanded by its senior colonel at the time. No record of Hagood's parole has ever been found.
Postbellum political career.
After the war, Hagood resumed operating his plantation. Like other planters, he struggled with the change to free labor after slaves were emancipated. Many freedmen who had been associated with his plantation continued to work for him, but others left for towns and urban areas.
He resented the administration of Radical Republicans during Reconstruction. He actively campaigned for fellow Confederate general Wade Hampton in the 1876 gubernatorial contest and was elected on the Democratic state ticket as Comptroller General. The campaign season was marked by white violence against freedmen, to suppress their voting and defeat Republicans, and many county returns were noted for fraud, where intimidation of freedmen had continued by Democrats at the polls.
Hagood served one term. In 1880, he was nominated by the state Democrats for governor and easily won the gubernatorial election that fall, as Democrats again suppressed black voting and the federal government had withdrawn its troops in 1877. Hagood's major achievement in his two-year term, to December 1882, was the reopening of The Citadel in 1882.
Hagood died in Barnwell on January 4, 1898. He was buried at Church of the Holy Apostles Episcopal cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7011291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011291" title="C.R.E.A.M. (Dark Angel)">
C.R.E.A.M. (Dark Angel)



</doc>
<doc id="7011299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011299" title="Nav1.4">
Nav1.4

Sodium channel protein type 4 subunit alpha is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "SCN4A" gene.
The Nav1.4 voltage-gated sodium channel is encoded by the gene. Mutations in the gene are associated with hypokalemic periodic paralysis, hyperkalemic periodic paralysis, paramyotonia congenita, and potassium-aggravated myotonia.
Function.
Voltage-gated sodium channels are transmembrane glycoprotein complexes composed of a large alpha subunit with 24 transmembrane domains and one or more regulatory beta subunits. They are responsible for the generation and propagation of action potentials in neurons and muscle. This gene encodes one member of the sodium channel alpha subunit gene family. It is expressed in skeletal muscle, and mutations in this gene have been linked to several myotonia and periodic paralysis disorders.
Clinical significance.
Periodic paralysis.
In hypokalemic periodic paralysis, arginine residues making up the voltage sensor of Nav1.4 are mutated. The voltage sensor comprises the S4 alpha helix of each of the four transmembrane domains (I-IV) of the protein, and contains basic residues that only allow entry of the positive sodium ions at appropriate membrane voltages by blocking or opening the channel pore. In patients with these mutations, the channel has a reduced excitability and signals from the central nervous system are unable to depolarise muscle. As a result, the muscle cannot contract efficiently, causing paralysis. The condition is hypokalemic because a low extracellular potassium ion concentration will cause the muscle to repolarise to the resting potential more quickly, so even if calcium conductance does occur it cannot be sustained. It becomes more difficult to reach the calcium threshold at which the muscle can contract, and even if this is reached then the muscle is more likely to relax. Because of this, the severity would be reduced if potassium ion concentrations are kept high.
In hyperkalemic periodic paralysis, mutations occur in residues between transmembrane domains III and IV which make up the fast inactivation gate of Nav1.4. Mutations have also been found on the cytoplasmic loops between the S4 and S5 helices of domains II, III and IV, which are the binding sites of the inactivation gate.
In patients with these the channel is unable to inactivate, sodium conductance is sustained and the muscle remains permanently tense. Since the motor end plate is depolarized, further signals to contract have no effect (paralysis). The condition is hyperkalemic because a high extracellular potassium ion concentration will make it even more unfavourable for potassium to leave the cell in order to repolarise it to the resting potential, and this further prolongs the sodium conductance and keeps the muscle contracted. Hence, the severity would be reduced if extracellular (serum) potassium ion concentrations are kept low.
Myotonia.
The same types of mutations cause myotonia and paralysis, however the difference between these phenotypes depends on the level of sodium current that persists. If the conductance fluctuates below the voltage threshold for Nav1.4, then the sodium channels will eventually be able to close, and be depolarised again. Thus, the muscle merely remains contracted for longer than normal (myotonia) but will relax and be able to contract again within a short period. If the conductance settles at a steady state with the sodium pore open and unable to inactivate, then the muscle is unable to relax at all and motor control is completely lost (paralysis).

</doc>
<doc id="7011301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011301" title="Johnson Hagood">
Johnson Hagood

Johnson Hagood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7011308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011308" title="Central State Hospital (Kentucky)">
Central State Hospital (Kentucky)

Central State Hospital is a 192-bed adult psychiatric hospital located in the Lakeland neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky.
History.
In 1869, 200 acres were purchased by the Kentucky State Legislature from the descendants of renown frontiersman Issac Hite to establish a "State House of Reform for Juvenile Delinquents." This was located on the outskirts of what would become Anchorage, Kentucky. In 1873, due to overcrowding at both of Kentucky's mental hospitals, the House of Reform was converted into the Fourth Kentucky Lunatic Asylum, with Dr. C.C. Forbes as its first Superintendent. The following year an act of the legislature renamed it the Central Kentucky Lunatic Asylum. In late 1887, it received its own post office, called simply "Asylum". The following year its name was changed to "Lakeland", and the institution was commonly referred to as "Lakeland Hospital" or "Lakeland Asylum". By 1900, its official name had been changed to the Central Kentucky Asylum for the Insane. By 1912 it was known as Central State Hospital. Comparable institutions are Eastern State Hospital at Lexington in Fayette County and Western State Hospital at Hopkinsville, Christian County, Kentucky. All three were administered by the Board of Charitable Organizations.
The secluded, rural setting was typical of such facilities in the late 19th century, as such an environment was thought to be beneficial for recovery from mental illness. However, not all patients had mental disorders - some suffered from brain damage, mental retardation or were simply poor or elderly. The early years of the 1880s were marked by repeated allegations of patient abuse. In 1879, Dr. Robert H. Gale was appointed superintendent. In 1882, conduct was investigated in the "ducking" or near drowning death of a patient. He was later exonerated of the charges. Gale was followed by H. K. Pusey in 1884.
Throughout Central States history, the institution suffered from improper funding, understaffing, and overcrowding. Though built to accommodate 1,600 patients, by 1940 there were in excess of 2,400 patients and again various accusations of patient mistreatment began to arise. However, starting in the 1950s, changing community perception of the mentally disturbed led to fewer patients staying permanently in mental hospitals. In 1962, $3,000,000 was allowed by the state to construct more modern facilities on LaGrange Road. Many of these are still standing.
In 1986, a new modern administration facility was completed on property adjacent to the 1960s buildings. The original hospital and surviving structures on what was called "the North Campus" were subsequently abandoned and demolished in the late 1990s.
It is unknown how many deceased patients are buried on the hospital grounds, though over 900 death certificates exist denoting burial in both of the hospitals cemeteries.

</doc>
<doc id="7011315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011315" title="EFA">
EFA

EFA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7011317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011317" title="U.S. Arms Export Control Act">
U.S. Arms Export Control Act



</doc>
<doc id="7011326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011326" title="Michael Bourn">
Michael Bourn

Michael Ray Bourn (born December 27, 1982) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) center fielder who played for the Philadelphia Phillies, Houston Astros, Atlanta Braves, Cleveland Indians, Arizona Diamondbacks, and Baltimore Orioles between 2006 and 2016. He also played internationally for the United States national baseball team.
Bourn was raised in Houston, Texas, where he attended Nimitz High School and the University of Houston, playing baseball. He was named to the NL All-Star team in both 2010 and 2012 and won consecutive Gold Glove Awards in 2009 and 2010. Bourn also led MLB in stolen bases in 2011, and led the National League in stolen bases from 2009 to 2011. He was as of 2018 in 119th place on the all-time Major League Baseball stolen base list, with 341.
Amateur career.
Michael Ray Bourn was born in Houston, Texas on December 27, 1982, the first of two sons to parents Carrie and Raymond. As a child, Michael played three sports, baseball, basketball and football. His Little League team was coached by his father. Teammates included Carl Crawford. At the age of 10, his father had him facing pitching in a batting cage.
Bourn attended Nimitz High School in Houston. He was drafted by the Houston Astros in the 19th round of the 2000 Major League Baseball draft out of high school but declined to sign. He planned to continue his baseball career at Galveston College until Todd Whitting, then an assistant coach for the Houston Cougars baseball team, saw him playing AAU baseball and decided to offer him a scholarship.
He played college baseball with the Cougars for three seasons. While he displayed little power, collecting only two home runs and 23 extra-base hits in 644 at-bats, he won attention from professional scouts by posting a .431 on-base percentage and stealing 90 bases in 119 attempts. In 2002, he played collegiate summer baseball in the Cape Cod Baseball League for the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox.
He was named to the All-Tournament Team at the 2002 Conference USA baseball tournament, in which Houston was the runner-up.
Professional career.
Philadelphia Phillies.
In June 2003, following his junior year, the Philadelphia Phillies drafted Bourn in the fourth round, with the 115th overall selection of baseball's first-year player draft. Bourn signed shortly after the draft, and was assigned to play for the Batavia Muckdogs of the Class A-Short Season New York–Penn League.
In 2004, Bourn was the starting center fielder with the Lakewood BlueClaws of the Class A South Atlantic League. Bourn ended the season with a .433 on-base percentage and an OPS of .903, earning 85 bases on balls in 109 games. He also stole 57 bases in 63 attempts – a success rate of over ninety percent. Following the season, he was named to "Baseball America"s Top Ten Prospects list for the Phillies organization.
Bourn started the 2006 season with the Reading Phillies of the Class AA Eastern League, and was promoted to the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons of the Class AAA International League late in July 2006. In early September 2006, Bourn took a brief hiatus from his professional obligations to play for the USA Olympic qualifying team, for whom he hit two home runs to help Team USA defeat Cuba in the gold-medal game. Bourn was then promoted to the expanded major league roster. He was sent to home plate to bat only 11 times during the month of September, but was used frequently as a pinch runner as the Phillies competed for the National League's wild card position (ultimately coming up two games short) to the Los Angeles Dodgers. Disappointingly, he stole only one base in three attempts during the month, and was memorably tagged out after accidentally oversliding second base on a steal attempt in a late-season loss against the Washington Nationals on September 26, 2006.
In August–September 2006, Bourn played for the United States national baseball team in the qualification for the 2008 Summer Olympics. He hit two home runs in the final game of the qualifying tournament against Cuba.
After a strong performance during spring training in 2007, Bourn won a position on the Phillies' major league roster to begin the year. He was used sparingly, appearing primarily as a frequent defensive replacement in left field for Pat Burrell.
On July 15, 2007, Bourn hit his first career home run as the Phillies recorded their 10,000th franchise loss by losing to the St. Louis Cardinals 10–2. On July 27, Bourn was in the Phillies' starting lineup for the first time due to injuries to both Chase Utley and Aaron Rowand, and had his first 4-hit game in an 8–1 rout of the Pirates, in which he scored two runs.
Bourn finished third among all NL rookies with 18 stolen bases, and was caught only once. He batted .277.
Houston Astros.
On November 7, 2007, Bourn was traded along with Geoff Geary and Mike Costanzo to the Houston Astros for Brad Lidge and Eric Bruntlett. Houston's General Manager, Ed Wade, declared Bourn as the 2008 Astros' leadoff hitter and starting center fielder, effectively moving Hunter Pence to right field.
Bourn stole 41 bases in 2008. He finished the season with a .229 batting average and a major league-low .288 on-base percentage and a major league-low OPS of .588, while striking out 111 times in his 467 at-bats.
In 2009 spring training, Bourn led all players in steals, with 13, while being caught twice. Bourn had a major turnaround year, as he finished with 61 stolen bases, which was the most in the National League and second in the Majors only to the 70 steals by Jacoby Ellsbury, to go along with a .285 batting average and a .354 on-base percentage in 157 games, as well as 27 doubles and 12 triples (tied for second most in the Majors with Stephen Drew) in 606 at bats. Bourn's OPS went from .588 in 2008 to .738 in 2009, which was the eighth best improvement in the Majors. His much improved play prompted former manager Cecil Cooper to informally name him the club MVP before he was fired. The Houston chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America formally named Bourn the Astros 2009 team MVP shortly after the end of the season.
Changing his uniform number to 21, Bourn followed up his breakout season with another successful year in 2010, being elected to the National League All-Star team and was in the outfield when the final out of the game was recorded. Bourn suffered an oblique injury on September 19 while swinging at a pitch, causing him to miss the final 3 weeks of the season. He finished the year hitting .265 with a .341 on-base percentage and a .346 slugging percentage. He won a Fielding Bible Award for his statistically based defensive excellence in center field during the year. He was later awarded his second consecutive Gold Glove award on November 10. In the videogame Nicktoons MLB, he was a featured player for the Astros despite being traded prior to the game's release.
Atlanta Braves.
In July 2011, prior to the trade deadline, Bourn was traded to the Atlanta Braves for Jordan Schafer, Brett Oberholtzer, Paul Clemens and Juan Abreu. Bourn finished 2011 with a career best .294 batting average and 61 stolen bases (39 with the Astros and 22 with the Braves).
Bourn was named a candidate in the All-Star Final Vote, with the winner being added to the 2012 MLB All-Star Game roster. Bourn finished second behind David Freese but was added to the roster a day later as a replacement for the injured Ian Desmond.
In 2012, Bourn hit .274 and with a .739 OPS for the Braves. He stole 42 bases and hit a career high nine home runs. His 155 strikeouts were a new career high. Bourn finished 18th in the voting for the N.L. MVP.
In November, Bourn rejected the Braves $13.3 million qualifying offer and became a free agent.
Cleveland Indians.
On February 11, 2013, Bourn agreed to a four-year, $48 million contract with the Cleveland Indians that includes a vesting option for 2017, which would be met if he records 550 plate appearances in the final guaranteed year, 2016. He is the Tribe's first player to wear a number 24 on his back since Grady Sizemore from 2004 to 2011.
Bourn played in 130 games in 2013, as he battled injuries throughout the season. He had 23 steals, which was his lowest total since 2007, when he was with the Philadelphia Phillies.
On May 27, 2014, Bourn robbed White Sox captain Paul Konerko of a two-run homer in the 8th inning. The Indians lost that game 2–1. On May 30, Bourn collected his 1,000 career hit in eventual win over the Colorado Rockies. Two days later on June 1, Bourn hit a walk-off two-run home run to lead the Indians to a 6–4 win over and three–game sweep of the Rockies.
Bourn struggled offensively to begin the 2015 season. On April 26 against the Detroit Tigers, he was dropped from the leadoff spot in the lineup for the first time as a Cleveland Indian as a result of his struggles, batting ninth instead.
Second stint with the Atlanta Braves (2015).
On August 7, 2015, the Indians traded Bourn and Nick Swisher with cash considerations to the Atlanta Braves for Chris Johnson. He was designated for assignment on April 2, 2016, and released on April 14.
Toronto Blue Jays.
Bourn signed a minor league contract with the Toronto Blue Jays on April 22, 2016. He was assigned to the Advanced-A Dunedin Blue Jays, and hit .257 in 9 games before being released on May 7.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
On May 10, 2016, Bourn signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks. The Diamondbacks assigned Bourn to the Mobile BayBears of the Class AA Southern League. After playing in five games for Mobile, the Diamondbacks promoted Bourn to the major leagues.
In 89 games with the Diamondbacks, Bourn slashed .262/.307/.373 with 21 extra-base hits while driving in 30 runs and stealing 13 bases.
Baltimore Orioles.
The Diamondbacks traded Bourn to the Baltimore Orioles for Jason Heinrich on August 31, 2016. Bourn made an immediate impact with the O's, hitting .283 with 2 home runs, 8 RBIs and two outfield assists in 24 games.
On February 20, 2017, Bourn re-signed with the Orioles to a minor league contract. He was released on March 27, but later resigned on April 11. The Orioles released him again on May 24, 2017.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On June 2, 2017, Bourn signed a minor league deal with the Angels. On July 2, 2017, the Angels released Bourn.
Broadcasting career.
In 2022, Bourn served as a color commentator for the Philadelphia Phillies Radio Network. During a game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the San Diego Padres, Phillies star Bryce Harper was hit by a pitch in the hand, which broke his thumb. Bourn, who was commentating during the game, responded by saying "oooh shit!" Bourn later apologized for the expletive stating "excuse my language, I think a word might have slipped out there." While seen as a raw talent, Bourn was praised for his excitement and passion while in the booth. In 2023, it was announced that Bourn would not return to the broadcasting booth.
Personal life.
Bourn's first son, Bryson, was born in 2009. Bourn has two daughters Blair and Bailey, the latter of whom was born in 2018. His wife, Nikita, owns a babysitting business and he owns three apartment complexes in Houston. Bourn is a member of the Churches of Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="7011330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011330" title="If There's Any Justice">
If There's Any Justice

"If There's Any Justice" is the first single taken from British R&amp;B singer Lemar's second album, "Time to Grow" (2004). Originally offered to Hear'Say, the song was rejected by the group after they decided it was "too mature" for them. It would eventually become a top-10 hit for Lemar, peaking at 3 on the UK Singles Chart, his fourth in a row to reach the top 10. Outside the UK, the song reached No. 1 in Hungary and entered the top 40 in France, Ireland, and New Zealand.
Lyrical content.
The lyrics refer to Lemar being in love with a girl who already has a man. He claims that if he had met her first, he would be her man instead. He is making it clear in the song that he feels that there is no justice in the world because of this fact.
Cover versions.
Dutch singer Floortje Smit covered the song—retitled "Justice"—for her debut album "Fearless". James Blunt performed an acoustic version of the song on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge (part of Jo Whiley's show), later released on the compilation album "Radio 1's Live Lounge".

</doc>
<doc id="7011331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011331" title="Flight for Life">
Flight for Life

Flight for Life is a prehospital care service with many bases of operation across the United States. Flight for Life is primarily known for its emergency medical helicopter transport, but also operates a fleet of land vehicles and fixed-wing aircraft for the transport of critically ill patients to specialized medical care. Helicopter transport is normally reserved for the most critically injured patients or patients who cannot be reached by traditional means of Emergency medical services. Helicopter transport is also especially useful for the transport of critically wounded patients to specialty medical facilities, such as burn, pediatric, or advanced trauma centers, that may be further away from the location of injury. Many rural communities rely on the speed of the helicopter to reach and evacuate their most serious patients to an available medical center. The helicopter may also be used for search and rescue operations in conjunction with ground units or alone.
History.
Flight For Life began in 1972 with a single Alouette III helicopter, based at St. Anthony Central Hospital in Denver, Colorado. It was the first civilian, hospital-based medical helicopter program in the U.S. It has grown to be a regional program responding to nine states.
The idea was generated from St. Anthony administrator E. V. Kuhlman, who wanted to improve medical transport of patients from the mountains and rural areas. 
People teased him that he'd seen too many episodes of MASH, and one of his board members called him a “lunatic”. But he persisted with Drs. Dan Dracon and Henry Cleveland, and Asst. Admin. Jack Goetzinger. When the “bird went up” and became successful and copied, Kuhlman found his cynical Franciscan nun board member and told her, “Sister, every now and then the lunatic fringe becomes the cutting edge.” 
Recruitment of helicopter pilots was not difficult given the Vietnam War and helicopter pilots returning to the US and looking for challenging jobs. Likewise nurses, techs, and before long paramedics were lined up to be a part of the Flight For Life team.
The choice for an Alouette helicopter came simply because of the need to reach high altitudes in the Rockies and Alouettes were the best. Kuhlman also had the idea to paint the helicopter orange, so that it would be easily seen; he never admitted that it would become the marketing tool that it became. 
The Flight program itself was never a profitable venture, but it was Kuhlman's mantra of “the right thing to do” — and it brought in an increased number of referrals and recognition of St. Anthony
On June 1, 2004, St. Anthony Flight For Life and Penrose-St. Francis Flight For Life in Colorado Springs, Colorado consolidated under a single administrative structure based at St. Anthony Hospital and became Flight For Life Colorado. The following November, operations expanded to Pueblo, Colorado with a fourth helicopter.
In August 2011, a fifth helicopter and second fixed-wing base were added in Durango, Colorado.
Training.
The Flight For Life organization comprises many teams, made up of Nurses, Paramedics, EMT-Bs, Respiratory therapists, Pilots, and Mechanics.
Traditionally the helicopter is staffed by a flight crew composed of an experienced pilot, critical care nurse, and critical care paramedic. If advanced knowledge of the patient's condition is known before takeoff, the crew may also include a respiratory therapist, medical doctor or other specialized medical personnel.
Because of the training and medical equipment available on the helicopter a higher level of care can normally be provided by the crew on the scene of the accident and in-transit to an appropriate medical facility. The flight nurse and paramedic can usually perform more advanced acts and procedure needed for critical patients than the traditional Paramedic on-scene. This includes the placement and monitoring of chest-tubes, certain surgical procedures, an aortic balloon-pump and all of the acts allowed by EMTs and Paramedics.
The pilot's chief responsibility is the safe operation of the aircraft. Any crew member (pilot, nurse, or paramedic) may turn down a trip if they are not comfortable. All helicopter operations are under “visual flight rules” (VFR), so weather factors will significantly affect a pilot's decision.
Equipment.
Helicopters.
Currently Flight for Life Colorado operates distinctively painted orange Eurocopter Ecureuil AS 350 “AStar” helicopters. Chosen for its high altitude capability and economy of operation, the AStar is a perfect fit for Colorado's mountain communities and terrain. The helicopters are based at St. Anthony Hospital in Lakewood (Lifeguard 1), St. Anthony's Summit Medical Center in Frisco (Lifeguard 2), Penrose-St. Francis Hospital in Colorado Springs (Lifeguard 3), St. Mary- Corwin Medical Center in Pueblo (Lifeguard 4). As of January 3, 2010 all four are in service twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. They have a service radius of approximately from their bases. As of August 15, 2011 operations will expand with a new base at Mercy Regional Medical Center in Durango (Lifeguard 5). All helicopters are leased from Air Methods Corporation in Englewood, Colorado. Pilots and mechanics are employees of Air Methods Corp.
Airplanes.
When the transport is beyond the range of the helicopter, or when weather precludes flight to a location, a fixed-wing aircraft is called into service. Flight For Life partners with Mayo Aviation, LLC. at Centennial Airport in Englewood, Colorado for a dedicated Beechcraft Super King Air 200. This pressurized, twin turboprop aircraft is capable of instrument flight (IFR) at a speed of per hour (knots), and is used for flights of up to approximately round trip distance. The pilots are all proficient in multi-engine and instrument flight. Outfitted in a dedicated air medical configuration, the KingAir is capable of transporting any combination of two adult patients, one adult and an isolette, or two isolettes. On most flights, at least one family member is also able to fly along. The bases in Colorado Springs and Pueblo, Colorado do not have dedicated fixed-wing aircraft. When the weather makes helicopter flight impossible, the aircraft from Mayo Aviation may be sent to them to help move a critical patient.
Ground.
In some cases, patients may need transport from one ICU to another, for specialized care. Flight For Life's Critical Care Transport (CCT), known as “Terra One”, is a specially outfitted ambulance, staffed by one of the adult team flight nurses and a paramedic. Ground transport is performed roughly within a two-hour drive radius of Denver; Cheyenne to the north, Limon to the east, Pueblo to the south, and Vail to the west.
Based at St. Anthony's Central, Terra One is capable of moving patients while maintaining the highest levels of care. Some examples of patients that are transported include cardiac patients receiving vasoactive, anticoagulant, or fibrinolytic infusions, mechanically ventilated patients, patients undergoing IABP therapy, or for any patient that needs continuous ICU level care en route.
Terra Two, is a CCT ambulance based at Summit Medical Center in Frisco, and is in service when Lifeguard Two is grounded by weather, and at night. This provides the mountain communities with round the clock access to critical care transport, regardless of weather conditions. Terra Two is operated in partnership with Summit County Ambulance, which provides the EMT and a paramedic to assist with patient care.
The Newborn/Young Child Team travels via its own dedicated CCT ambulance, (Terra Three), and fixed-wing aircraft, and helicopter, twenty-four hours a day. When circumstances demand, the helicopter may be used to transport the Newborn/Young Child Team to a referring facility to attend a pending delivery or provide emergency assistance, while the ground ambulance proceeds toward that location for the trip back. A neonate may also be safely transported aboard the helicopter in a specially equipped isolette.
In certain circumstances, several transport resources may be needed to transport a patient to an appropriate destination. Weather conditions may prevent a helicopter from reaching the scene or referring facility, or a mass casualty incident may tax all other resources. In these situations, the flight crews will do whatever is appropriate to safely accomplish the transport.

</doc>
<doc id="7011336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011336" title="SCN5A">
SCN5A

Sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha, also known as NaV1.5 is an integral membrane protein and tetrodotoxin-resistant voltage-gated sodium channel subunit. NaV1.5 is found primarily in cardiac muscle, where it mediates the fast influx of Na+-ions (INa) across the cell membrane, resulting in the fast depolarization phase of the cardiac action potential. As such, it plays a major role in impulse propagation through the heart. A vast number of cardiac diseases are associated with mutations in NaV1.5 (see paragraph genetics). "SCN5A" is the gene that encodes the cardiac sodium channel NaV1.5.
Gene structure.
SCN5A is a highly conserved gene located on human chromosome 3, where it spans more than 100 kb. The gene consists of 28 exons, of which exon 1 and in part exon 2 form the 5' untranslated region (5’UTR) and exon 28 the 3' untranslated region (3’UTR) of the RNA. SCN5A is part of a family of 10 genes that encode different types of sodium channels, i.e. brain-type (NaV1.1, NaV1.2, NaV1.3, NaV1.6), neuronal channels (NaV1.7, NaV1.8 and NaV1.9), skeletal muscle channels (NaV1.4) and the cardiac sodium channel NaV1.5.
Expression pattern.
SCN5A is mainly expressed in the heart, where expression is abundant in working myocardium and conduction tissue. In contrast, expression is low in the sinoatrial node and atrioventricular node. Within the heart, a transmural expression gradient from subendocardium to subsepicardium is present, with higher expression of SCN5A in the endocardium as compared to the epicardium. SCN5A is also expressed in the gastrointestinal tract.
Splice variants.
More than 10 different splice isoforms have been described for SCN5A, of which several harbour different functional properties. In the heart, two isoforms are mainly expressed (ratio 1:2), of which the least predominant one contains an extra glutamine at position 1077 (1077Q). Moreover, different isoforms are expressed during fetal life and adult, differing in the inclusion of an alternative exon 6.
Protein structure and function.
NaV1.5 is a large transmembrane protein with 4 repetitive transmembrane domains (DI-DIV), containing 6 transmembrane spanning sections each (S1-S6). The pore region of the channels, through which Na+-ions flow, are formed by the segments S5 and S6 of the 4 domains. Voltage sensing is mediated by the remaining segments, of which the positively charged S4 segments plays a fundamental role.
NaV1.5 channels predominantly mediate the sodium current (INa) in cardiac cells. INa is responsible for the fast upstroke of the action potential, and as such plays a crucial role in impulse propagation through the heart. The conformational state of the channel, which is both voltage and time-dependent, determines whether the channel is opened or closed. At the resting membrane potential (around -85 mV), NaV1.5 channels are closed. Upon a stimulus (through conduction by a neighboring cell), the membrane depolarizes and NaV1.5 channels open through the outward movement of the S4 segments, leading to the initiation of the action potential. Simultaneously, a process called 'fast inactivation' results in closure of the channels within a few milliseconds. In physiological conditions, when inactivated, channels remain in closed state until the cell membrane repolarizes, where a recovery from inactivation is necessary before they become available for activation again. During the action potential, a very small fraction of sodium current persists and does not inactivate completely. This current is called 'sustained current', 'late current' or 'INa,L’.
Also, some channels may reactivate during the repolarizing phase of the action potential at a range of potentials where inactivation is not complete and shows overlap with activation, generating the so-called "window current".
Sub-units and protein interaction partners.
Trafficking, function and structure of NaV1.5 can be affected by the many protein interaction partners that have been identified to date (for an extensive review, see Abriel et al. 2010). Of these, the 4 sodium channel beta-subunits, encoded by the genes SCN1B, SCN2B, SCN3B and SCN4B, form an important category. In general, beta-subunits increase function of NaV1.5, either by change in intrinsic properties or by affecting the process of trafficking to the cell surface.
Apart from the beta-subunits, other proteins, such as calmodulin, calmodulin kinase II δc, ankyrin-G and plakophilin-2, are known to interact and modulate function of NaV1.5. Some of these have also been linked to genetic and acquired cardiac diseases.
Genetics.
Mutations in SCN5A, which could result in a loss and/or a gain-of-function of the channel, are associated with a spectrum of cardiac diseases. Pathogenic mutations generally exhibit an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern, although compound heterozygote forms of SCN5A mutations are also described. Also, mutations may act as a disease modifier, especially in families where lack of direct causality is reflected by complex inheritance patterns. A significant number of individuals (2-7%) in the general population carry a rare (population frequency &lt;1%), protein-altering variant in the gene, highlighting the complexity of linking mutations directly with observed phenotypes. Mutations that result in the same biophysical effect can give rise to different diseases.
To date, loss-of-function mutations have been associated with Brugada syndrome (BrS), progressive cardiac conduction disease (Lev-Lenègre disease), dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM), sick sinus syndrome, and atrial fibrillation.
Mutations resulting in a gain-of-function are causal for Long QT syndrome type 3 and are also more recently implicated in multifocal ectopic Purkinje-related premature contractions (MEPPC) Some gain-of-function mutations are also associated with AF and DCM. Gain-of-function of NaV1.5 is generally reflected by an increase in INa,L, a slowed rate of inactivation or a shift in voltage dependence of activation or inactivation (resulting in an increased window-current).
SCN5A mutations are believed to be found in a disproportionate number of people who have Irritable Bowel Syndrome, particularly the constipation-predominant variant (IBS-C). The resulting defect leads to disruption in bowel function, by affecting the Nav1.5 channel, in smooth muscle of the colon and pacemaker cells. Researchers managed to treat a case of IBS-C with mexiletine to restore Nav1.5 channels, reversing constipation and abdominal pain.
SCN5A variations in the general population.
Genetic variations in SCN5A, i.e. single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) have been described in both coding and non-coding regions of the gene. These variations are typically present at relatively high frequencies within the general population. Genome Wide Association Studies (GWAS) have used this type of common genetic variation to identify genetic loci associated with variability in phenotypic traits. In the cardiovascular field this powerful technique has been used to detect loci involved in variation in electrocardiographic parameters (i.e. PR-, QRS- and QTc-interval duration) in the general population. The rationale behind this technique is that common genetic variation present in the general population can influence cardiac conduction in non-diseased individuals. these studies consistently identified the SCN5A-SCN10A genomic region on chromosome 3 to be associated with variation in QTc-interval, QRS duration and PR-interval. These results indicate that genetic variation at the SCN5A locus is not only involved in disease genetics but also plays a role in the variation in cardiac function between individuals in the general population.
NaV1.5 as a pharmacological target.
The cardiac sodium channel NaV1.5 has long been a common target in the pharmacologic treatment of arrhythmic events. Classically, sodium channel blockers that block the peak sodium current are classified as Class I anti-arrhythmic agents and further subdivided in class IA, IB and IC, depending on their ability to change the length of the cardiac action potential. Use of such sodium channel blockers is among others indicated in patients with ventricular reentrant tachyarrhythmia in the setting of cardiac ischemia and in patients with atrial fibrillation in absence of structural heart disease.

</doc>
<doc id="7011342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011342" title="Katou Kazuki">
Katou Kazuki



</doc>
<doc id="7011343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011343" title="Type 100 Flamethrower">
Type 100 Flamethrower



</doc>
<doc id="7011348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011348" title="Kato Kazuki">
Kato Kazuki



</doc>
<doc id="7011354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011354" title="Type 93 flamethrower">
Type 93 flamethrower



</doc>
<doc id="7011372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011372" title="Buffalslug">
Buffalslug



</doc>
<doc id="7011373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011373" title="Usip">
Usip



</doc>
<doc id="7011374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011374" title="Royal Castle in Poznań">
Royal Castle in Poznań



</doc>
<doc id="7011376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011376" title="Mooterus">
Mooterus



</doc>
<doc id="7011377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011377" title="San Francisco International Airport (TV Series)">
San Francisco International Airport (TV Series)



</doc>
<doc id="7011379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011379" title="MFC Mykolaiv">
MFC Mykolaiv

MFС Mykolaiv ("Municipal Football Club "Mykolaiv"", ) was a Ukrainian football club based in Mykolaiv.
It is one of the oldest football clubs that exists in Ukraine. Originally was established as a football team of the Black Sea Shipyard, since dissolution of the Soviet Union and cutting of the shipyard's budget which was based mostly on military contacts, it is sponsored mostly by the city of Mykolaiv.
Description.
History.
The club was founded in 1920 under the name Sudostroitel (Sudnobudivnyk) Mykolaiv. It is the oldest continuously playing club in the country that competes on the professional level.
Throughout the Soviet times and until the 1990s, it mostly played under the name of Sudnobudivnyk meaning Shipbuilder associated with the Black Sea Shipyard.
MFC Mykolaiv took part in the first Ukrainian Premier League season in 1992 under the name FC Evis Mykolaiv, after being initially chosen to participate for being one of the top 9 (of 11) Ukrainian teams from the West Division of the Soviet Second League 1991. The club is one of the holders of the unfortunate distinction as being the team to be demoted three times from the Ukrainian Premier League.
MFС Mykolaiv's best achievement in the Ukrainian Premier League was 13th place (in 1994–95). From 1994, the club was known as SC Mykolaiv, FC Mykolaiv since 2000, and MFC Mykolaiv since 2006.
MFC Mykolaiv became insolvent and ceased to exist after the City Administration of Mykolaiv informed the PFL that the team would not be competing in the 2008/09 Persha Liha season. The team then requested re-admittance to the PFL, but it was too late as the calendar was already set up. The PFL allowed the club to compete in the Druha Liha, but only in the next season. The administration of the Dynamo Kyiv extended its helping hand by withdrawing its junior team Dynamo-3 Kyiv from the Second League and, thus, for Mykolaiv to be placed instead of it.
MFC Mykolaiv reached 1st place in Druha Liha group A in 2010–11 season and was promoted to Persha Liha.
Colours are blue and white hooped shirts, white shorts.
League and cup history.
Information since Ukrainian Independence
MFC Mykolaiv-2.
The club entered their reserve team into the Ukrainian Second League for the 2017–18 season.

</doc>
<doc id="7011382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011382" title="Battlestar Galactica Webisode">
Battlestar Galactica Webisode



</doc>
<doc id="7011384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011384" title="US Institute of Peace">
US Institute of Peace



</doc>
<doc id="7011386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011386" title="Stephen Mansfield">
Stephen Mansfield

Stephen Lee Mansfield (born 1958) is an American author who writes about history, modern culture, religion and men's issues. His books have appeared on the "New York Times" best-seller list.
Life and career.
Mansfield was born in Columbus, Georgia, the son of a U.S. Army officer, Eldon L. Mansfield Jr. His family lived on military posts around the United States, though the majority of his early years were spent in Germany, particularly in Berlin during the years when that city was divided into communist and free sectors.
Mansfield earned a bachelor's degree in history and philosophy from Oral Roberts University in 1981, a master's degree in history and public policy from Abilene Christian University, and a doctorate in history and literature from Whitefield Theological Seminary in 1996.
He was a pastor for 22 years, including 10 years at Belmont Church in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1992 to 2002, after which he began his formal writing career.
"The Faith of George W. Bush", the first of his books to appear on the New York Times bestseller list, was published in 2003. The book was also a source for Oliver Stone's biographical film about George W. Bush, entitled "W".
Mansfield followed his book about Bush with a number of biographies and cultural studies, authoring a total of more than 30 books.
He released "The Miracle of the Kurds" just as Kurdish troops were taking a stand against ISIS in the Middle East. The book has been named "Book of the Year" by Rudaw, the leading Kurdish news service. In 2016, Mansfield gave a TEDx talk entitled "The Kurds: The World's Most Famous Unknown People." He continues to speak in the U.S. and abroad in support of the Kurdish cause.
Mansfield has also become an outspoken advocate for the cause of noble manhood. In 2013, he released "Mansfield’s Book of Manly Men," which has inspired men's events in the U.S. and Asia.
In addition to his work as an author and speaker, he has founded The Mansfield Group, a consulting firm based in Washington, DC, and Chartwell Literary Group, a firm that manages and creates literary projects. He is married to songwriter and producer Beverly Darnall Mansfield. They make their home in both Nashville, Tennessee, and Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="7011387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011387" title="Buffalsug">
Buffalsug



</doc>
<doc id="7011389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011389" title="Kaz Kuzui">
Kaz Kuzui

 is a Japanese film producer. His wife, Fran Rubel Kuzui, has also directed movies.
Along with his wife, Kaz founded Kuzui Enterprises, which distributes US films in Japan and imports Japanese films for the US market. In addition to holding a portion of rights to the character of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Kuzui was also given an executive producer credit for the TV series and its spin-off "Angel", despite having no practical role in either production. In 2018, Kuzui and his wife were reported to be involved in the development of a reboot of "Buffy".

</doc>
<doc id="7011398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011398" title="Buffaslug">
Buffaslug



</doc>
<doc id="7011399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011399" title="Yoshiaki Yatsu">
Yoshiaki Yatsu

Yoshiaki Yatsu (谷津嘉章 "Yatsu Yoshiaki", born July 19, 1956) is a Japanese semi-retired professional wrestler and amateur wrestler and former mixed martial artist. He is known for being one-half of the first-ever All Japan Pro Wrestling World Tag Team Champions with Jumbo Tsuruta, having won the NWA International Tag Team Championship and the PWF Tag Team Championship, and unifying the two titles.
Amateur wrestling career.
1976 Summer Olympics.
At the age of 20, Yatsu competed in freestyle wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. He did not place in the tournament.
1980 Summer Olympics.
He would have participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, but Japan chose to follow the American-led boycott.
Controversial IOC Banishment.
In 1986 Yatsu took a hiatus from professional wrestling in order to one last time chase his Olympic dream. However, after winning a Japanese National Championship in the super heavyweight division in 1986 and while training for the 1987 Asian Wrestling Championships, the International Olympic Committee declared that Yatsu was a professional athlete and banned him from not only that competition, but also from the 1988 Summer Olympics. The decision stunned many people, but Yatsu didn't file an appeal.
Return.
In July 2023, Yatsu, at nearly 67 years old, competed in the first-ever Adult Championships for the newly-formed Japan Para-Wrestling Federation. He lost to Yosuke Kamochi in the first round of the tournament.
Professional wrestling career.
In 1980, after Japan decided not to send their athletes to take part in the Summer Olympics in Moscow, Yatsu garnered a great deal of national attention, when he announced his intention of becoming a professional wrestler. Yatsu worked for the World Wrestling Federation as the Great Yatsu from 1980 to 1981. Within just a few years, Yatsu became a regular headliner for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), before joining Riki Choshu, when he left the promotion for All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) at the end of 1984. In All Japan Yatsu and Choshu formed a tag team, which would go on to win the NWA International Tag Team Championship.
While Yatsu was training for his Olympic dream, Choshu left All Japan and returned to New Japan. Upon his return to professional wrestling, Yatsu decided not to join his tag team partner in New Japan, but to stay in All Japan. Afterwards, All Japan broke up the tag team of Genichiro Tenryu and Jumbo Tsuruta and made Tsuruta Yatsu's new tag team partner. The tag team, known as "The Olympics", would go on to win the World Tag Team Championship five times, the PWF World Tag Team Championship once and in 1987 the team also won the World's Strongest Tag Determination League. In 1990 the team broke up when Yatsu jumped to Super World of Sports. In 1991, while working for the promotion, Yatsu unsuccessfully challenged Hulk Hogan for the WWF Championship. When Super World of Sports folded in 1992, Yatsu formed his own promotion Social Pro Wrestling Federation (SPWF), but would wrestle himself only semi-regularly. In 1994 he returned to New Japan to take part in the G1 Climax tournament. He retired from wrestling in 2003.
In recent years, Yatsu has been the president of a transportation company. On November 30, 2010, he returned to the professional wrestling ring to wrestle his retirement match. The match took place in front of 500 fans at Shinjuku Face in Tokyo, and saw Yatsu and Koji Ishinriki losing to Tatsumi Fujinami and Tiger Mask, when Yatsu submitted to Fujinami.
In September 2015, Yatsu came out of retirement to team with his son Teriyaki Yatsu and began competing for smaller promotions. In April 2019, he debuted for Dramatic Dream Team (DDT).
In 2021, nearly 2 years since he had his right leg amputated he returned to the ring as part of the 15-person gauntlet battle royal match at CyberFight's CyberFight Festival 2021. A month later, he won his first championship in nearly three decades, the KO-D 8-Man Tag Team Championship with Akito, Hiroshi Yamato and Keigo Nakamura.
As of 2024, he still wrestles at 68.
Mixed martial arts career.
After spending multiple years out of the spotlight, Yatsu, aged 44, received a big money offer to fight for mixed martial arts promotion Pride Fighting Championships. On October 31, 2000, Yatsu faced Gary Goodridge in Osaka. Yatsu, who hadn't had any stand-up training at all and hadn't competed outside of professional wrestling in 13 years, was defeated at 8:58 in the first round. Despite being dominated, Yatsu received a standing ovation from the crowd due to the amount of damage he absorbed without quitting, even trying a leglock at a point. The two were booked in a rematch on September 24, 2001. Goodridge again dominated the fight, got Yatsu in a guillotine choke and asked for his corner to throw in the towel, which they did.
In December 2015, he became a supervisor for DEEP.
Personal life.
In 1991, at the age of 35, Yatsu was diagnosed with diabetes. On June 25, 2019, Yatsu underwent an operation to amputate his right leg below the knee, as bacteria had entered his bloodstream and his right toe was progressively neurotic.

</doc>
<doc id="7011400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011400" title="LeGore Bridge">
LeGore Bridge

Begun in 1898 in rural Frederick County, Maryland, the LeGore Bridge was completed and opened to the public in 1900. It was built and maintained by the owners of the LeGore Lime Company, including local businessman James William LeGore and his company advisor, Eugene Hammond. It is in length, wide and high. The bridge is situated at 39°35'N 77°19'W. The five arch limestone bridge was restored in 1981 and 2009.
The bridge was built for three purposes:
Several decades have passed and the LeGore Bridge is still used for everyday automobile traffic.
The structure was included in the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="7011402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011402" title="Pee Dee Area Council">
Pee Dee Area Council

The Pee Dee Area Council was a Boy Scouts organization located in northeastern South Carolina. The Indian Waters Council headquartered in Columbia, SC absorbed the council on August 1, 2022. The combined council, Indian Waters Council #553 continues to operate Camp Coker, and maintain an office in Florence, SC.
Organization.
The Pee Dee Area Council Boy Scouts of America was founded in July 1928 with William E. Czarnitzki as the first Scout Executive. The council office was in the city hall in Darlington until it moved to Florence in the 1930s. Czarnitzki left the Pee Dee Area Council to take the job of Scout Executive of the Central South Carolina Council in his home town of Columbia c. March 1930.
Camp Coker.
Camp Coker is a Boy Scout Camp located just outside Society Hill, South Carolina. Camp Coker is operated by the Pee Dee Area Council. The fully accredited Camp Coker offers programs and activities including COPE, aquatics, canoeing, rowing, sailing, kayaking, handicrafts, rifle shooting, shotgun shooting, archery, ecology and environmental science, fishing, natural sciences, Scoutcraft, and Trailblazers (emphasis on Tenderfoot-to-First Class skills). Camp Coker is a year-round facility. In addition to the Boy Scout summer camp program held June to August each year, Camp Coker host a variety of events, from unit camping opportunities to training courses, Wood Badge, Council events, District events, and Order of the Arrow functions.
History.
Camp Pee Dee.
Czarnitzki returned to Camp Coker for the council anniversary camporee in November 1978. He and Wilbert H. Bernshouse (10 September 1913 – 26 July 2007) from Sumter were the only people from 1929 at the camporee in 1978.
According to the 1941 Camp Coker bulletin, the question of how the site for Camp Coker was chosen is answered by a story about a good pot of fish stew. The bulletin recounts that a group of men from Darlington were out looking for a site to be used by the Boy Scouts for camping. The men traveled to a grist mill dam on Spot Mill Creek near Society Hill. They had come for a fish stew but later decided that the land looked ideal for the camp site they had been searching for. The grist mill building was still there in 1943 but was torn down sometime after that.
Soon after the trip buildings were constructed as the site was developed. The original camp was built on and called Camp Pee Dee after the name of the council. "Pee Dee" is the name of an Indian tribe from the area as well as a regional name for this part of the state. The Great Pee Dee River flows just miles from the camp. The Little Pee Dee River also flows through the council's geographic area.
The camp was located on the site of an old plantation. Spot Mill Creek runs through the heart of this site. In the 19th century a dam was built to form a pond for a grist mill. Turpentine was also extracted from some of the tall pine trees on the land.
In the original camp there were several buildings. The boys stayed in one of six screened-in cabins, each housing eight campers with four sets of bunk beds. The cabins were given names after famous Native American tribes such as the Apache, Sioux, Iroquois, Cherokee, Navajo and Seminole. In addition, there was one cabin for the cooks. The camp director, W. E. Czarnitzki, also had a cabin near the entrance to camp that served as an office. The cabins were screened in with canvas that could be dropped down in case of rain. They also had a front porch that extended out a couple of feet.
The other original buildings at Camp Pee Dee were the dining hall and the handicraft lodge. The dining hall was built by men from Darlington in 1929. It was erected on a hill overlooking the cabins. It was a wooden building on stilts over uneven ground. Water came up to the dining hall from an electric pump located near the road. This dining hall was used through the 1951 camping season. It was torn down to make way for the new dining hall. The new dining hall opened for the 1952 camping season and was constructed on a concrete slab after the top of the hill had been graded to an even surface.
The Handicraft Lodge was located just below the cabins on a hill. Many projects were completed in the Handicraft Lodge. Among those that the boys worked on were leather vests, along with sets of bows and arrows. The Handicraft Lodge and the Ecology hut are the only 1929 buildings that are still there in 2006.
Camp Pee Dee opened officially on July 1, 1929. Boys from Darlington, Sumter, and Bennettsville were the first to use the camp with a total of about 40 boys in camp. The flag pole was located on a hill above the dining hall and the cabins. The boys assembled outside their cabins for flag ceremonies. The swimming area was located right off of the dam. A pier was constructed for use and a platform was built in the water for diving.
The camp newspaper, called the "Pine Needles", reports a lot of the activities that were going on in camp. Morning inspections were conducted by Sgt. Murrel Rose of Fort Jackson with the Cherokee Cabin and the boys from Sumter being five-time winners. The paper reports there were no cases of homesickness, although staff members Marion Yates and Dana Crosland were cited for love sickness. The best fisherman of the season was C. C. Griffen of Troop 14 in Bennettsville. He was responsible for landing three big jackfish in one day and causing a big stir in camp during the second week. A whole host of weekly individual awards were given out including biggest grouch, biggest eater, sloppiest Scout, funniest Scout, and the biggest "sheik" to name a few.
Camp Pee Dee becomes Camp Coker.
The name of the council camp was changed from Camp Pee Dee to Camp Coker before the summer of 1932 in memory of Charles Westfield Coker, of Hartsville, South Carolina. He was President of the Southern Novelty Company (now Sonoco Products Company) from 1918 until his death in the fall of 1931. The lake in the center of camp is named Lake Westwood in honor of Charles Westfield Coker and Joseph Norwood. Joseph Norwood was a developer who took the Cox Plantation and subdivided it into lots in the year 1915. One of those lots of was the original land for the camp.
Improvements to the camp followed at a steady rate. A map made in 1940 shows that among the new additions were a first aid lodge, the long house, a campfire ring, and a bridge to the island in the lake. The camp latrines were given affectionate names. Wilbert Bernshouse recalls that in 1943 they were called Egypt, because "that's where the pyramids are". In 1944 he recalls them being called linen closets because everyone took their sheets there.
Camp Coker has gone through a number of different stages of growth from the original buildings in the summer of 1929 to what the camp looks like today. Many activities that boys at Camp Pee Dee enjoyed like swimming, archery, and handicrafts are still the foundation for the modern Camp Coker program. Although the activities are similar, the buildings have changed. By using old photographs and maps it is possible to construct a sort of historical tour of Camp Coker.
There have been several waves of construction at Camp Coker. There are also three corresponding types of architecture that can be seen at camp. These waves were the original construction, development in the early 1950s and development between 1962 and 1963. There are some buildings at camp today which do not fall into these waves. Among these buildings are the old winter cabin (built in 1941 and later called the camp office), the shooting sports buildings, and the Shaw Training Center.
Bill Stallworth (1919–2005) became the PDAC Scout executive on January 1, 1952. He had previously served the council as a Field Scout Executive (now called District Executive). He initiated the construction of several buildings at camp. The style of architecture used was basically concrete block. The current dining hall (1952) was one of these buildings. It was constructed of concrete block and had a porch on the end. A storage building now called the warehouse was built behind the dining hall. Directly beside it was a shower building which was the only one in camp. This structure now serves as a paint shed.
A string of buildings was built along the road adjacent to the winter cabin. Among these additions was a trading post (1954), health lodge (1952) and the director's cabin. A new dock was built at the waterfront along with a bridge leading to the swimming area from the central part of camp. Many troop camp sites were improved. A caretaker's house was built prior to camp in 1951. (Hartsville Messenger, June 1951) This caretaker's house was later moved up the hill and across the road and the present ranger's house was built – 63. William Lucas Shoemake (1916–1992) became the first full-time ranger in November 1962 and served through the summer of 1981. Mr. Shoemake was a fine Christian man who was greatly admired by the Camp Coker Staff. He was the only person to ever be granted a lifetime membership in Santee Lodge 116.
The camp was changed significantly in the 1950s when a sand causeway was built across the lake. A small bridge linked the causeway to the shore on the main side of camp. This bridge was replaced by a bigger, nicer bridge in the 1962-63 renovations that was high enough for rowboats and canoes to pass underneath. The bridge and causeway made the other side of the lake more accessible and it was no longer necessary to walk all the way around the lake to get to the other side. The wooden 1962-63 bridge was replaced by a bridge with steel supports and rails in 1993.
The swimming area at camp during the 1950s featured a "T Dock" and had the canoes docked at the swimming area. A diving platform was also located a little further out from the dock. The current dock has been in the shape of an "F" since the 1970s. There is also a floating dock further out in deeper water. Swimming at Camp Coker is done in Lake Westwood. There has never been a swimming pool at Camp Coker. Camp Coker used to have a marathon in which troops competed in a foot race, archery, rifle, obstacle course, rowing, canoeing, and swimming. The marathon began at the spillway and ended in the nearby swimming area so a spectator in that vicinity could see the beginning and the end of the marathon. Another program feature for adult leaders in camp was the greased watermelon where adults tried to put a greased watermelon into a canoe in the nonswimmers area. The sight of adults trying to hold on to a slippery greased watermelon provided many laughs. Another program feature for boys was the war canoes in which boys went in the lake in two canoes with fire buckets but no paddles. The object was to swamp the other canoe by bailing water into it.
1960s.
The 1962-63 Construction at Camp Stallworth helped organize another big capital funds campaign for the camp in the early 1960s. He called on Pee Dee companies and private donors to pledge money and adopt a campsite or building to improve camp. All this was possible because attendance at camp was up with all of the baby boomers reaching Scout age. Overall membership in Scouting was up and Stallworth was able to harness this growth and use it to really create the modern Camp Coker.
Construction at camp took place during the winter of 1962–1963. Everything from the parking lot to the island got changed during this period. A front lawn was created with flag poles and a stone sign built to make the entrance into camp impressive. The parking lot was moved to above the lawn. A welcome shelter with men's and women's toilet facilities was built on the lawn. It was named Stallworth Lodge in honor of Mr. Stallworth who was the driving force behind the campaign.
The style of architecture used for the new buildings was board and batten. A new changing house was built near the swimming area. The swimming area had a lookout tower that was similar to ones used in other camps. A new boat house with concrete boat docks for both sail boats and row boats was constructed between the camp office and the director's cabin. The dining hall also got a new side porch. A buttress for the dining hall was built in 1977-78 and an extension to the buttress was added in 1987–88. Central shower facilities were built on each side of the lake in the 1960s.
The other major phase of the construction was the development of the modern campsites. The Belk Foundation, of Belk department store fame, financed a new camp site on the island and the name of the island was changed to Belk Island. The island had previously been known to some campers as "Boney Finger Island" which came from a ghost story about a fictional character named Herman Van Glotch.
Many of the new campsites were on the west side of the lake. The new Burlington campsite (dedicated in 1981) was named after Burlington industries which had a big plant (now called Swift Galey) in Society Hill. Cayce campsite was supported by the Cayce family of Florence in honor of Frank Cayce who died in a parachute accident while at The Citadel, the military college of South Carolina. Prior to this the site was just called lake side. Cayce campsite had an unusual pine tree called the "witch's tree" from another ghost story. The branches of the tree went out and up and it was very unusual. It was cut down prior to the summer of 1978. John Holliday of Galivants Ferry was a long time council supporter and Holliday campsite was named after him. Campsite inspections were conducted by the two camp staff commissioners. There were two commissioners, one on each side of the lake. Each commissioner inspected the campsites on his side of the lake. Some troops were more diligent than others in keeping a clean campsite.
This was the last major renovation of Camp Coker. Almost all of the things built by Stallworth and the supporters of the campaign in the early 1960s remain. Some buildings have been added in the thirty plus years following the camp redevelopment plan. Most of them were donated by families in honor of someone.
Later construction.
The shooting sports program area of camp has been developed since the early 1970s. The Hackett Rifle Range was built in 1974 in honor of Harley B. Hackett of Florence who was a former Santee Lodge member. He was shot down while flying a mission in Southeastern Asia in 1968. The Doug Sprague archery building was built in 1986 after he was killed in a robbery at Columbia Mall in Columbia, SC. Doug had been a Camp Coker staff member for five years in his youth. His father Bill Sprague (1918–2004), was Chairman of the Council Camping Committee in 1986. Mr. Sprague had also served the PDAC as a Scoutmaster, OA lodge adviser, and council president.
The Shaw Training Center was built in honor of Charlie Shaw in 1988. This modern building has several bedrooms, two full bathrooms, a kitchen and a large meeting room. Often this is used as the site of district committee meetings and other functions. Camp staff members have nicknamed the building the "Camp Coker Hilton".
The Copenhaver family of Hartsville donated money for a new campsite and renovation of the camp chapel in 1983. Copenhaver campsite and chapel were named in memory of Dr. James E. Copenhaver (1896–1982). He was the director of chemical research at Sonoco Products Company in Hartsville. He had previously been a chemistry professor at the University of South Carolina. Dr. Copenhaver was a longtime supporter of the Pee Dee Area Council. He was a former council president and was the second PDAC Scouter to receive the Silver Antelope award. Copenhaver chapel and campsite is located near the causeway just down from the rifle range. It also included a new screen shelter.
In 1990 Henry B. Moree of Society Hill donated money for a campsite in his name which was built above Holliday campsite. In 1987 Moree purchased most of the property across the paved road from camp and constructed a hunting preserve and motocross racetrack on the land.
Camp Coker has seen additional improvements in recent years. Santee Lodge was responsible for a new toilet house located between the Dining Hall and Council Ring. This facility was badly needed because at the time there were no good restroom facilities near the dining hall. The only toilet in the dining hall was reserved for the cooks and it got aggravated when flushed too many times. The lodge received a matching grant from the National Order of the Arrow to assist in its construction. A new sewage system was installed for the entire camp when the new restrooms were built. A new shower building was also added on each side of the lake replacing the central showers from the 1960s. A new campsite for the staff with toilets, sinks, showers, and washing machines was added between the warehouse and the council ring. This campsite has many small sleeping cabins that are called "birdhouses".
Santee Lodge 116 also paid for the first component of the newly developed C.O.P.E. course at camp by funding the zip line tower. At the time the council was in a rush to get the course underway to meet a deadline for new and stricter regulations. The lodge executive committee agreed to pay several thousand dollars to have the main poles used in the tower treated. Later the zipline and other components of the C.O.P.E. (Challenging Outdoor Physical Experience) course were added.
Dining.
Camp Coker had a reputation for having excellent food. Mrs. Flora Bull (1922–2007) of Darlington, SC, was first hired by Camp Director Walter S. "Anky" Carter (1925–1994) in 1954. She cooked for the schools in Darlington and at Camp Coker from 1954 to 1980 and 1982–88. Flora's fried chicken was one of the favorite meals. She made dinner rolls from scratch that campers and staff members called "moon rocks". The "moon rocks" were served with a plate of butter. Ice water and iced tea were the usual drinks for meals along with Kool-Aid that was called "bug juice". Orange juice, milk, and coffee for adults were served for breakfast.
Food at Camp Coker was served family style and boys took turns being the waiter and assistant waiter. Food was served in bowls and eaten on real plates with metal forks, knives, and spoons. Dishes were washed after each meal and disposable utensils were not used. Boys who served as waiters and assistant waiters were responsible for setting the tables and cleaning up afterwards. This taught them the value of teamwork and responsibility. The end porch on the dining hall has a bell that was used to signal the waiters to come to the dining hall to set the tables.
Flora did not waste anything and her skills were one of the reasons why excellent food was served within a reasonable budget. This included making good soup out of leftovers. She made sweet rolls from scratch that were usually served on Saturday mornings before camp ended. She made delicious cookies from U.S. Department of Agriculture peanut butter. Her chili and rice, grilled cheese sandwiches, and macaroni and cheese were made from scratch. Leftover butter was melted and put into refrigerated molds to be used again. Her scrambled eggs were made from real eggs that were cracked out of the shell. Staff members would sit with troops when seats were available and this facilitated interaction between the staff and the campers. Scout songs were usually sung after meals led by a member of the staff. The interior light fixtures in the dining hall resemble wagon wheels. Flags from previous Pee Dee Area Council National Jamboree troops were hung from the rafters in the dining hall. Two "awards" that were sometimes presented in the dining hall were the loving cup and the pigs trough for the cleanest and messiest tables.
Santee Lodge.
Among the requests received for Order of the Arrow Charters by the National Boy Scouts of America in 1938 one was postmarked Florence, South Carolina. Apparently, Mr. Rucker Newbery had inspired local Scouts to become part of the rapidly growing organization of honor campers. The lodge chartered to the Pee Dee Council was the 116th Order of the Arrow Lodge. After a selection period, the name "Santee" was settled upon and duly registered with BSA. The lodge grew slowly, suffering numerous difficulties, which eventually led to a return visit by Mr. Newbery to reorganize the group. After his return, the lodge began to expand and become more involved in the Order and service to the Pee Dee Area Council. The Carolina parakeet became the official lodge totem at some point before the first patch was issued in 1955; just before Santee Lodge hosted the Dixie Fellowship for the first time. The actual bird used on the patch was adapted from the Audubon painting of Carolina parakeets. At this time, the patch sold for fifty cents. At approximately the same time, the first newsletter was published. Its name, "The Santee Arrowman", has survived the years and still remains as the title of the current newsletter.
On February 28, 1958, the lodge held its first Winter Banquet. Banquets have been held at a variety of locations including Marion, several meeting rooms in Florence, Darlington, Hartsville, Cheraw, Conway and Sumter. Featured speakers have included the world's strongest man – Paul Anderson, National Order of the Arrow Chiefs Brad Starr and Jeff Herrmann, American Indian specialists, and many military, political and community leaders, including Lt. Governor Nick Theodore in 1992. A special feature of the banquet is the presentation of the Santee Lodge Red Arrow Awards for outstanding contributions by non-Arrowmen and Founder's Awards to one or two brothers who have given outstanding service and example to the lodge.
The lodge's primary functions are its fellowships, held in the fall, spring, and the end of summer camp. These events have varied in dates and occasionally in location. The Spring Fellowship in March 1963 was held at the Myrtle Beach Air Force Base. Over the years, the main purposes of these weekends were the induction of new Ordeal members, conducting the Brotherhood and Vigil Honor Ceremonies, and service projects. Like most lodges, Santee Lodge is closely tied to its summer camp, and it spends a great deal of time helping to make improvements to Camp Coker. These projects have included preparatory and repair work to campsites, the re-roofing and repair of many buildings, the construction, maintenance and improvements to the Council Ring and COPE Course, construction of the Dining Hall buttress, restrooms, basketball court and archery and rifle ranges, and numerous bridges, check dams and trails.
Santee was the first lodge to conduct an OA member's only week of summer camp. The tradition began about 1958 when Arrowmen were encouraged to attend the last week of camp to present a special parent's night program. In the 1960s, original scripts were written as the parent's night program evolved into a full-scale production. Since 1969, only OA members have attended the last week of summer camp with the lodge offering a special program of merit badge sessions and activities. It is at this time that most Ordeal candidates are inducted into the Order. The annual Pageant is presented on Friday night, which also kicks off the Summer Fellowship during which more members are inducted, and officers of the lodge are chosen for the coming year. Over the past seventy years, Santee Lodge 116 has become an active, viable part of the Pee Dee Area Council. Many former youth members of the lodge are still involved in Scouting as Volunteer Leaders. Several members have become professional Scouters and one cannot enter a city, town or community without finding someone that has been touched by the Lodge. Many members have gone on to become Section Officers and serve with distinction. Jody Clark became the first Santee Lodge member to become a national figure as he was elected Southeast Region Chief. Both he and Mac McLean have been honored with the Distinguished Service Award, the National Order of the Arrow's highest honor. Former Lodge Adviser David Surrett also holds the DSA from prior service as Section SE-5 Chief, NOAC and NLS Staff member and Region OA Committee member. Members account for about 85% of all Eagle Scouts from the Pee Dee Area Council. Many of the adult members have been awarded the Wood Badge, District Award of Merit and the Silver Beaver.
At the BSA's National Meeting in 1995, Santee Lodge was honored as recipient of the E. Urner Goodman Camping Award, one of only eight presented nationally.
For the past several years, Santee Lodge has been honored as a National Quality Lodge. In 2005, Santee Lodge was one of only two lodges in the Southern Region chosen to receive the National Service Award, an award given on the basis of significant service to the home council.
Endowed with this tradition, Santee Lodge is not afraid of initiating new ideas. With its rich memories of the past and vision of the future, Santee Lodge 116 stands ready to play a continuing important role in Scouting in the Pee Dee Area Council.

</doc>
<doc id="7011408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011408" title="2006 Annual Meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group">
2006 Annual Meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group



</doc>
<doc id="7011416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011416" title="Manuela Malasaña">
Manuela Malasaña

Manuela Malasaña Oñoro (, March 10, 1791 – May 2, 1808) was a Spanish seamstress killed by soldiers of Napoleon I of France during the Second of May Uprising in Madrid. The uprising was part of the Spanish War of Independence.
She was the daughter of a French baker named Jean Malesange, hispanicized "Malasaña", and his wife Marcela Oñoro. She was a seamstress and lived on the fourth floor of 18 San Andres Street, in the neighbourhood which was then known as Maravillas (now commonly known as Malasaña).
On May 2, 1808, Manuela was only 17 years old. The legendary version of her death says she fought the French, working in the defense of the Artillery Battery at Monteleón, led by Luis Daoíz y Torres and Pedro Velarde y Santillán. Her father was purported to fire against the French from the balcony of her house and she supplied him with gunpowder and munitions until she died when she was struck by a bullet. However, the scholar Carlos Cambronero discovered the death certificate of Jean Malasgne, proving that he had died before the uprising took place.
It is possible, though not certain, that Manuela Malasaña had fought in the park of artillery Monteleón, as it is known that other women from the neighborhood did, but the generally accepted version is that she would have remained sheltered from the fighting in the embroidery workshop where she worked, by order of the owner of the workshop. When the shooting stopped, she returned home.
She had been in possession of a pair of scissors and the French soldiers, under the authority of the Martial law which was in place at the time, accused her of carrying a "weapon" and immediately carried out a summary execution by shooting her. According to another version Manuela Malasaña came across French soldiers who tried to grope and molest her. She threatened them with a pair of scissors, for fear of sexual abuse or worse. The French soldiers shot her. Manuela died 18 hours after the uprising in the current Plaza del Dos de Mayo.
Her body was registered under number 74 in the list of the 409 victims of that day, the documentation is kept in the military and Municipal Archives of Madrid. She was buried in the Hospital de la Buena Dicha, (today Church of Buena Dicha in Silva Street) which was founded in 1594 and was a home for the poor. Many of the wounded of the 2 May revolt were treated at this hospital, and many of the casualties were buried there.
Her portrait is in the Hall of Heroines of the Army Museum and is the work of José Luis Villar and Rodriguez de Castro.
Manuela had become known in her neighborhood for her youth and charm, and dying so young and giving her life to the cause of freedom made her a great legend and heroine amongst the people of Madrid. The city of Madrid dedicated to her memory a street bearing her name in her old neighborhood of Maravillas, which crosses San Andres Street near where she lived. By extension, from the '80s, all of the Maravillas district became known as the Malasaña neighbourhood in Madrid. The nearby town of Móstoles also honoured her with a street and a metro station on line 12 (MetroSur).

</doc>
<doc id="7011427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011427" title="The Arlingtonian">
The Arlingtonian



</doc>
<doc id="7011430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011430" title="Cockburn Island">
Cockburn Island

Cockburn Island is the name of the following islands:
In addition, the Cockburn Islands are a group of islands in the Canadian Arctic.

</doc>
<doc id="7011440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011440" title="Cockburn Island (Antarctica)">
Cockburn Island (Antarctica)

Cockburn Island is an oval island long, consisting of a high plateau with steep slopes surmounted on the northwest side by a pyramidal peak high, lying in the north-east entrance to Admiralty Sound, south of the north-east end of the Antarctic Peninsula. It was discovered by a British expedition (1839–43) led by Captain James Clark Ross, who named it for Admiral Sir George Cockburn, then serving as First Naval Lord (commander-in-chief of the Royal Navy).
Geology.
Geologically, the area makes up the Cockburn Island Formation, which was studied extensively in the late 1990s by H. A. Jonkers. Rocks found on the island are volcanic, and the island is characterized by its "precipitous cliffs". A "Pecten conglomerate" from the late Pliocene or early Pleistocene period has been identified on the island, situated on a wave-cut platform at 720–820 ft. The island is a rare volcano type called a tuya, or moberg, which was formed by a three-stage eruption sequence below an ice cap. The first stage was a subglacial hyaloclastic eruption under a thick ice cap, which shattered the lava into glass, ash and sand, which has since weathered to yellow palagonite layers. The second phase was a lava eruption into a meltwater glacial lake contained in the ice cap, which resulted in volcanic breccia and basalt pillow lava (boulders of this can be seen along the shore). The final phase was subaerial basalt lava flows on top of the previous volcanic deposits after the lake drained or boiled away.
Wildlife.
The island has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a breeding colony of about 800 pairs of Antarctic shags, as well as about 16,000 breeding pairs of Adélie penguins (estimated from 2011 satellite imagery. Snow petrel nests were reported from the island in 1901; it is not known whether they continue to breed there. Joseph Dalton Hooker, at the time a junior naturalist stationed aboard , made a series of botanical collections on the island in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="7011446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011446" title="Time to Grow (song)">
Time to Grow (song)

"Time to Grow" is the second single and title track of British R&amp;B singer Lemar's second album, "Time to Grow" (2004). The single became Lemar's sixth top-10 hit in the UK, peaking at number nine on the UK Singles Chart.
Lyrical content.
The song lyrics refer to Lemar breaking up with a girl and him trying to get over it. He clearly is still hurting over her, but she has moved on from him. He doesn't know what to do or where to go because he still feels something for her, but she doesn't feel the same. He knows that the best thing for him to do is to move on, but he just can't do it. He misses her terribly and wishes that he could go back to when she felt something for him.

</doc>
<doc id="7011453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011453" title="Autochem">
Autochem

AutoChem is NASA release software that constitutes an automatic computer code generator and documenter for chemically reactive systems written by David Lary between 1993 and the present. It was designed primarily for modeling atmospheric chemistry, and in particular, for chemical data assimilation.
The user selects a set of chemical species. AutoChem then searches chemical reaction databases for these species and automatically constructs the ordinary differential equations (ODE) that describe the chemical system. AutoChem symbolically differentiates the time derivatives to give the Jacobian matrix, and symbolically differentiates the Jacobian matrix to give the Hessian matrix and the adjoint. The Jacobian matrix is required by many algorithms that solve the ordinary differential equations numerically, particular when the ODEs are stiff. The Hessian matrix and the adjoint are required for four-dimensional variational data assimilation (4D-Var). AutoChem documents the whole process in a set of LaTeX and PDF files.
The reactions involving the user specified constituents are extracted by the first AutoChem preprocessor program called Pick. This subset of reactions is then used by the second AutoChem preprocessor program RoC (rate of change) to generate the time derivatives, Jacobian, and Hessian. Once the two preprocessor programs have run to completion all the Fortran 90 code has been generated that is necessary for modeling and assimilating the kinetic processes.
A huge observational database of many different atmospheric constituents from a host of platforms are available from the AutoChem site.
AutoChem has been used to perform long term chemical data assimilation of atmospheric chemistry. This assimilation was automatically documented by the AutoChem software and is available on line at CDACentral. Data quality is always an issue for chemical data assimilation, in particular the presence of biases. To identify and understand the biases it is useful to compare observations using probability distribution functions. Such an analysis is available on line at PDFCentral which was designed for the validation of observations from the NASA Aura satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="7011454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011454" title="List of Neolithic cultures of China">
List of Neolithic cultures of China

This is a list of Neolithic cultures of China that have been unearthed by archaeologists. They are sorted in chronological order from earliest to latest and are followed by a schematic visualization of these cultures.
It would seem that the definition of Neolithic in China is undergoing changes. The discovery in 2012 of pottery about 20,000 years BC indicates that this measure alone can no longer be used to define the period. It will fall to the more difficult task of determining when cereal domestication started.
Schematic outline.
These cultures existed during the period from 8500 to 1500 BC. Neolithic cultures remain unmarked and Bronze Age cultures (from 2000 BC) are marked with *. There are many differences in opinion on the dating for these cultures, so the dates chosen here are tentative:
For this schematic outline of its neolithic cultures China has been divided into the following nine parts:

</doc>
<doc id="7011456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011456" title="Leonardo Franco">
Leonardo Franco



</doc>
<doc id="7011462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011462" title="Taste It">
Taste It

"Taste It" is a song by Australian rock band INXS, released as the fourth single from their eighth album, "Welcome to Wherever You Are" (1992), in November 1992. The song was written by Andrew Farriss and Michael Hutchence. It peaked at 36 on the Australian Singles Chart and also charted in New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
B-sides.
The B-sides include a solo compositions from guitarist Kirk Pengilly entitled "Light the Planet" as well as Youth remixes of "Taste It" and a Ralphi Rosario club mix of future single "Not Enough Time". In the UK, a second CD was available with further club mixes of three singles from the "X" album.
Reception.
"Q" said, "The simple fact is that after a sustained period of rock in excess, INXS have found soul. "Taste It" grooves on a marvellously ambient and woolly drum sound."
Track listings.
Australian CD single
UK 7-inch and cassette single
UK CD1
UK CD2
German maxi-CD single
US CD single
US cassette single
Japanese mini-CD single
Chart performance.
The song reached No. 21 in the United Kingdom and No. 36 in Australia. In the United States, it reached No. 5 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="7011465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011465" title="Leonardo Noeren Franco">
Leonardo Noeren Franco



</doc>
<doc id="7011474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011474" title="Mat Rempit">
Mat Rempit

A Mat Rempit is a Malaysian term for an individual (usually a youngster) who participates in hooliganism and illegal activities such as street racing, stunt biking, petty crime, and public disturbance using a motorcycle. These individuals usually ride underbone 2-stroke or 4-stroke motorcycles common in Southeast Asia, locally known colloquially as "kapcai" or scooters.
Mat Rempits are often seen on Malaysian streets, where they gather in groups and race against one another, or otherwise engage in dangerous activities such as night races and stunts (e.g. wheelies, "Superman" (lying flat on the seat), "wikang" and "scorpion" (standing on the seat with one leg during a wheelie). There have been cases where they openly break the law and rebel against authorities, running through roadblocks, riding against the traffic, or hitting police officers with their motorbikes. Mat Rempits often race or perform stunts without proper safety gear while using improperly-equipped or illegally modified bikes. This often leads to accidents, causing major injuries or death, both to themselves and innocent bystandanders.
Etymology.
The word "Rempit" comes from "ramp-(rev)-it" (ramp the throttle). According to the "Kamus Dewan", the definition of "Rempit" is "the act of whipping with a cane". A possible alternative source of the word is derived from the noise made by a 2-stroke motorcycle. "Mat" is a slang term used to refer to a male person who is usually of Malay descent.
Organization and traits.
Mat Rempits usually gather in groups in bustling city centers on weekend nights. These gatherings are often followed by impromptu performances of stunts or races along a stretch of road. The term "Mat Rempit" itself usually come with the negative connotation of illegal activities, ranging from petty crimes such as public disturbance and reckless riding, to more serious ones such as gangsterism, robbery, street fighting, assault, vandalism, substance abuse, theft and bullying. Most motorcycles used by the Mat Rempits do not meet standard specifications, or have been modified extensively for greater speed. Many Mat Rempits also opt to install aftermarket exhausts for their higher performance and loud noise.
Additionally, most Mat Rempits do not have valid motorcycle licenses, do not pay road taxes, and ride stolen motorcycles. A growing number of housing estates have also been turned into racing tracks. It is estimated that there are about 200,000 Mat Rempits in Malaysia.
Violence.
In April 2009, Malaysia's Inspector-General of Police Musa Hassan said that the Mat Rempit had become violent and brazen instead of just being a public nuisance. He said "we have to come down hard on the Mat Rempit who have started to become involved in robberies, snatch thefts and are even attacking innocent road users and we also need to use harsh tactics to catch the Mat Rempit that try to runaway from the roadblocks". He also added that "parents must be more responsible and should not allow their underage children to drive cars or ride motorcycles".
Mat Rempits often end up being hospitalized with varying degrees of injury after failing to perform their actions or stunts such as 'superman', 'spider' and many more. Every weekend, a number of Mat Rempits were hospitalized after being involved in accidents from high-speed racing and/or stunts.
According to Selangor police chief Tun Hisan Tun Hamzah, it was the parents who are the ones who should be blamed on this and while Kuala Lumpur deputy police chief, Amar Singh said that it was due to lack of parents' attention, Amar also pointed out that especially when they are in a big group, they would act aggressively by attacking the authorities and challenging traffic laws indiscriminately. He further pointed out that their peers will challenge them to do something outrageous like assaulting police officers and challenging road rules, just to prove that they're not cowards."
Political reaction.
The widespread phenomenon of the subculture has driven some politicians in Malaysia to voice out concern and need to help rehabilitate the people involved in activities pertaining to that culture. Khairy Jamaluddin and Abdul Azeez Abdul Rahim as he was formerly mat rempit. Khairy says "should become the "Eyes and Ears" of Malaysian"
In 2006, a Member of Parliament representing Jenderak, Pahang suggested that the Mat Rempit should be accepted and guided to save them from indulging in dangerous activities.
In 2008, newspaper Kosmo! reported that the Mat Rempit in the state of Kelantan would be allowed to show off their skills at a special track to be built by the state government in Tanah Merah. The then-Menteri Besar, Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat said amidst the criticism that the track was not a waste of money, stating:
The Kelantan approach was noted of by the neighbouring state Kedah, where its state government looked into the possibility of building such an infrastructure, to "overcome the menace", saying another option was to create more job opportunities for them as most of them were jobless. The former state's Chief Minister Azizan Abdul Razak said "we will first study if the circuit in Kelantan has effectively curbed the menace".
Enforcement operations.
On 3 May 2009, the Bukit Aman Traffic Division of the Royal Malaysian Police, together with the Road Transport Department, launched a major integrated operation to crack down on both car and Mat Rempit motorcycle illegal racing. More than 115 motorcycles were impounded in the major operation which was held simultaneously in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Penang and Negeri Sembilan.
In the media.
The subculture surrounding the Mat Rempit has been the focus of numerous films and songs in Malaysia.
Film depictions of the subculture began (and made popular) in 1984 with "Gila-Gila Remaja", "Ali Setan" (1985), "Litar Kasih" (1996), "KL Menjerit" (2002) and its prequel "KL Menjerit 1" (2005), "REMP-IT" (2006), "Bohsia: Jangan Pilih Jalan Hitam" (2009), "Adnan Semp-It" (2010) and "V3 Samseng Jalanan" (2010).
Deejays JJ and Rudy (The Morning Crew) from hitz.fm radio station have made a parody of Teriyaki Boyz's called "We're Not So Furious", designed to mock Mat Rempit culture.

</doc>
<doc id="7011477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011477" title="SCA Odessa">
SCA Odessa



</doc>
<doc id="7011482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011482" title="Country Radio Broadcasters">
Country Radio Broadcasters

Country Radio Broadcasters (CRB) is a non-profit organization based in Nashville, Tennessee created to promote the growth of country radio and the country music industry through educational programs.
Its annual Country Radio Seminar serves as "market week" for the country music industry, where new artists and music that will be released throughout the year are showcased to radio’s decision makers. All major radio station groups, both country music trade organizations (the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music), music licensing organizations BMI, ASCAP and SESAC, and independent industry professionals are sponsors or attendees.
Seminar.
The Country Radio Seminar (CRS) was founded in 1970 by Tom McEntee, editor of the "Country Music Survey", as the Country Music Survey Radio Seminar. Each spring this convention and trade show brings together nearly 1,000 delegates from country radio with 1,000 music industry professionals for three days in Nashville. 
Radio attendees include program directors, general managers, promotion managers, sales executives and air talent. It is the third-largest annual country music event held in Nashville (behind the Country Music Association Awards and the CMA’s Music Festival), and the largest event for country industry professionals held in the city. The city of Nashville and Davidson County declare it "Country Radio Week" in Nashville in recognition of country radio’s role in promoting Nashville tourism, and as the primary medium for the promotion of country music, which employs many Nashville residents. 
In 1985, the seminar switched to long-form sessions due to the "sophistication of the country [music] marketplace." In 1985, its president was Mike Oatman. 
In 1998, CRB moved the seminar from the Gaylord Opryland Resort &amp; Convention Center to the Nashville Convention Center. 
Since the founding of the Country Radio Seminar in 1970, the number of country radio stations in the US has grown from about 600 to over 2,000, according to research by the Country Music Association.

</doc>
<doc id="7011492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011492" title="Four in One (TV series)">
Four in One (TV series)

Four in One is the umbrella title for a wheel series broadcast in the United States on the NBC television network as part of its 1970-71 schedule in the Wednesday 10 PM Eastern time slot.
"Four in One" consisted of six episodes of each of four dramatic series: "McCloud", "San Francisco International Airport", "Night Gallery" and "The Psychiatrist". All six episodes of each program were run in order; then all were rerun interspersed with each other with a different series being shown each week.
After the season, "McCloud" had proven sufficiently popular to be included as an element in a new wheel-format series, "NBC Mystery Movie", while "Night Gallery" was picked up as a stand-alone series. The other two elements, "San Francisco International Airport" and "The Psychiatrist", were cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="7011504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011504" title="Continental C-145">
Continental C-145



</doc>
<doc id="7011518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011518" title="WJAZ">
WJAZ



</doc>
<doc id="7011519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011519" title="FC Temp Shepetivka">
FC Temp Shepetivka

FC Temp Shepetivka was a Ukrainian football club from Shepetivka. In the winter of 1996, the club was dissolved and replaced with a random created team based on the Kamianets-Podilskyi sports school to finish the season.
History.
The club was situated in Shepetivka, Ukraine. Temp Shepetivka took part in the first Ukrainian Premier League season in 1992, after being initially chosen to participate for winning the Cup of the Ukrainian SSR among amateur teams in 1991.
The chairman of the club was Dzhumber Nishnianidze.
Temp Shepetivka took last place in its group that season and was demoted to the Persha Liha as a result. The club later resurfaced for two more seasons, achieving a 9th place in the 1993–94 season of the Ukrainian Premier League.
In 1995, the club merged with FC Advis Khmelnytskyi (owned by local agrarian equipment factory) and was renamed to Temp-ADVIS and moved to Khmelnytskyi. After its relegation to the First League it was renamed to "Ratusha" and played its games in Kamianets-Podilsky. Because of its unsuccessful season, the club then became defunct.
League and cup history.
 Soviet Union
 Ukraine

</doc>
<doc id="7011536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011536" title="10 years without the right of correspondence">
10 years without the right of correspondence

"10 years without the right of correspondence" () was a clause that appeared in sentences of many victims of political repression during the Stalinist Great Purges in the Soviet Union. It implied a death sentence. It was used to keep family relatives of those executed uncertain as to the fate or whereabouts of the victims.
Meaning.
"10 years without the right of correspondence" was used as a euphemism to cover the true nature of a court sentence.
In many cases during the late 1930s 'Great Purge' campaign of political repression, the sentence "10 years of corrective labor camps without the right of correspondence" was announced to relatives, while the paperwork contained the real sentence: "the highest degree of punishment: execution by shooting". Many people did not understand the official euphemism and incorrectly believed that their relative was still alive in prison.
As Alexander Solzhenitsyn put it in "The Gulag Archipelago":
For example, all of the bodies identified from the mass graves at Vinnytsia and Kuropaty were of those people that had received "10 years without the right of correspondence".
In culture.
In 1990 Russian film director Vladimir Naumov shot a Russian-German film . based on the novel "Ударом на удар, или Подход Кристаповича" by Aleksandr Kabakov.

</doc>
<doc id="7011539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011539" title="Lawless Range">
Lawless Range

Lawless Range is a 1935 American Western film released by Republic Pictures, directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne. He appears as a "singing cowboy" in the film, with his singing voice dubbed by Glenn Strange.

</doc>
<doc id="7011544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011544" title="Second Battle of Porto">
Second Battle of Porto

The Second Battle of Porto, also known as the Battle of the Douro or the Crossing of the Douro, took place on 12 May 1809. General Arthur Wellesley's Anglo-Portuguese Army defeated Marshal Soult's French troops and took back the city of Porto. After taking command of the British troops in Portugal on 22 April, Wellesley (later named 1st Duke of Wellington, Marquess Douro) immediately advanced on Porto and made a surprise crossing of the Douro River, approaching Porto where its defences were weak. Soult's late attempts to muster a defence were in vain. The French quickly abandoned the city in a disorderly retreat.
This battle ended the Second French invasion of Portugal. Soult soon found his retreat route to the east blocked and was forced to destroy his guns and burn his baggage train. Wellesley pursued the French army, but Soult's army escaped annihilation by fleeing through the mountains.
Background.
The Second Portuguese campaign had started with the Battle of Braga.
French occupation.
In the First Battle of Porto (28 March 1809), the French under Marshal Soult defeated the Portuguese under Generals Lima Barreto and Parreiras outside the city of Porto. After winning the battle, Soult stormed the city. In addition to 8,000 military casualties, large numbers of civilians died. Approximately half of these are thought to have died in the Porto Boat Bridge disaster, when the city's only bridge, a pontoon bridge (or 'ponte de barcas'), was destroyed.
Having thus secured Portugal's second city, with its valuable dockyards, arsenals and materiel Soult halted at Porto to refit his army before a planned advance on Lisbon.
While Soult was in Porto, a detached French force operated to the east under the leadership of Major-General Louis Loison. Initially, this force included General of Division Henri Delaborde's infantry division and Lorge's cavalry division. A Portuguese force under Major General Francisco Silveira captured the French garrison of Chaves, a border town on the river Minho, and blocked Soult's communications with Spain by blockading the area around Amarante.
From 18 April to 3 May, the Portuguese held Loison on the west bank of the Tâmega River. On the latter day, French engineers succeeded in disarming the explosives-rigged bridge so that Delaborde's infantry could cross it.
Soult's refitting in Porto proceeded at a rather leisurely pace. His plans to advance south to Lisbon were then disrupted by the return to Portugal in April 1809 of General Arthur Wellesley, to command the British army, reinforced with Portuguese regiments trained by General Beresford. Wellesley immediately adopted an offensive strategy and his combined force proceeded to advance rapidly north from Lisbon via Coimbra towards Porto.
By the second week of May 1809 it was clear to Soult that his original plan to advance to Lisbon was unworkable, indeed he was more concerned about Wellesley's rapid advance and the deficiencies in his own lines of communication. He decided to abandon Porto and withdraw north eastwards back to Spain. On 11 May he sent General of Division Julien Augustin Joseph Mermet's division off with the baggage and the artillery park. Soult himself stayed up late that night with his staff drawing up his remaining withdrawal plans.
Soult was, however, in no great hurry to complete his withdrawal from Porto, because he considered himself to be in a strong defensive position. The river Douro formed a formidable natural barrier: tidal, deep, fast-flowing and 200 yards wide in Porto. There was no bridge: the only crossing, a pontoon bridge between Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia, had been destroyed two months previously during the First Battle of Porto. Soult's army had also either destroyed or removed to the Porto side of the river all the boats from the opposite bank at Vila Nova de Gaia, and many of them were now moored on the north bank on the wharves of , where they lay under the guard of French troops. There were many such boats, in particular wine barges, because Porto was (and remains) the hub of the port wine trade, and many wine cellars were located in Vila Nova de Gaia (as they still are to this day). Soult believed that Wellesley's army could only cross the Douro downstream of Porto, and with great difficulty. To cover such a threat, Soult's troops were largely deployed to the west of the city.
Soult retained a total of 10,000 infantry and 1,200 cavalry in Porto. Delaborde's division included three battalions each of the 17th Light, 70th Line, and 86th Line Infantry Regiments. General of Division Pierre Hugues Victoire Merle's division was composed of four battalions each of the 2nd and 4th Light Infantry Regiments, and three battalions of the 36th Line Infantry Regiment. General of Division Jean Baptiste Marie Franceschi-Delonne's cavalry was made up of the 1st Hussar Regiment, 8th Dragoon Regiment, and the 22nd and Hanoverian Chasseurs à Cheval Regiments.
Anglo-Portuguese advance.
After coming up from Lisbon at pace, on 11 May the Anglo-Portuguese force under Wellesley fought a skirmish with the French 10 miles south of Porto at the Battle of Grijó. Arriving later the same day at Vila Nova de Gaia on the Douro immediately opposite Porto, Wellesley was unable to cross the river, as Soult had anticipated. Wellesley positioned his army there, with his headquarters in the prominent convent Monastery of Serra do Pilar (Mosteiro da Nossa Serra do Pilar in Portuguese) on high ground on the south bank, level with the heights of Porto on the north bank. The monastery still stands, the dominant feature of the southern skyline viewed from Porto.
According to one historian, 18,400 men at Wellesley's command were organised thus:
There were four 6-gun artillery batteries (RA: Sillery, Lawson. KGL: Tieling, Heise) under Colonel (Col) Edward Howorth. One had 9-pounders, two had 6-pounders and one had 3-pounders.
Historian Michael Glover stated that the order of battle was somewhat different. Glover lists the following organization.
Farther to the east, William Carr Beresford (Marshal of the Portuguese army) led MG Christopher Tilson's British 3rd brigade (1,659 British and ca. 600 Portuguese grenadiers by 6 May morning state) and 5,000 Portuguese to link up with Silveira's force. They threatened Soult's line of retreat. MG Alex Randoll Mackenzie's British 2nd brigade and a large Portuguese force operated some distance away on the line of the Tagus river.
Action.
From his position at the Monastery of Serra do Pilar, Wellesley scanned the opposite bank of the Douro and observed on high ground on the north bank a mile east of the centre of Porto, outside the city walls, the diocesan seminary of Porto (sometimes referred to as the Bishop's Seminary). It was large, solidly constructed, three storeys high, and a potential fortifiable strongpoint. (The restored seminary building still stands today, in Largo do Padre Baltazar Guedes, and now houses the Porto Orphan's College; it bears a memorial plaque to the battle). Viewed through telescopes by British officers on the south side of the river, the seminary appeared not to have been fortified or manned by French troops.
On the morning of 12 May, Wellesley tasked Colonel John Waters (British Army officer, born 1774), an enterprising intelligence officer who spoke Portuguese, with finding a means of crossing the river Douro upstream, east of Porto. On the river bank a few hundred yards upstream from the Monastery of Serra do Pilar, he encountered a local barber, who led him to a small skiff, hidden in brush. On the north bank opposite, not far from the seminary, four wine barges were moored, seemingly unguarded. Colonel Waters took a small, unorthodox group consisting of the barber, a prior (as a guide) and a number of local boatmen across the river in the little skiff. Bends in the river and the topography of Porto meant that the crossing point was out of sight of French forces. Waters' improbable little party managed to capture and bring back the four wine barges, crossing the river unobserved. They also brought the critical confirmation that the seminary was indeed unoccupied.
Informed of this godsend opportunity to cross the river and seize a fortifiable bridgehead on the opposite bank, Wellesley did not hesitate, calmly stating, "well, let the men cross". Immediately, a platoon comprising a junior officer and 24 men from the 3rd Foot crossed the river in one of the captured wine barges and entered the seminary, which overlooked the landing site, and began to fortify it. They were swiftly followed by the rest of their company, and then the light company of the same battalion. By the time the French realised that Wellesley's forces were on the north bank, and endangering their eastern flank, the "Buffs" had fortified their position, the rest of the battalion of the "Buffs" from Hill's brigade were crossing in a steady succession of wine barges, and the bridgehead force was under the command by of one of Wellesley's most respected officers, Major-General Edward Paget.
Soult, sleeping in after his late night planning the withdrawal, was initially unaware of these dramatic developments. General of Brigade Maximilien Foy, who was the first to become aware of the British crossing, requisitioned three battalions of the 17th Light Infantry, hurried them east and led an attack on the seminary at around 11:30 am. However, the seminary, manned and fortified, constituted a powerful defensive position. In addition, Wellesley was able to bring his artillery to bear from the garden of the Monastery of Serra do Pilar, firing shrapnel with great effect. Foy was wounded and his troops beaten back with heavy losses. Later in the day, reinforced by three more battalions, the French attacked again. By this time, however, three more British battalions from across the river had bolstered the force occupying the seminary and surrounding buildings, now in effect a fort, and the French were defeated again.
Soult was faced with an enemy force in a strongly fortified bridgehead, outflanking him to the east, threatening his line of retreat, and growing in strength all the time via a crossing route he could not disrupt. In order to reinforce Foy, in a desperate effort to retake the seminary before it was too late, he made a fateful decision. He transferred the troops which had been guarding the boats on the wharves of Ribeira in the centre of Porto to join the attack on the seminary, three quarters of a mile to the east. This proved disastrous. As soon as the French troops had marched away from the riverside, the people of Porto liberated their boats there and set out across the river in "anything that would float" to the wharves of Vila Nova de Gaia on the south bank. From there they ferried the waiting British troops back across the Douro in large numbers, into the heart of Porto. Four British battalions crossed immediately and, advancing in the direction of the seminary, attacked the French from the rear. This clinched the battle. The French broke and the army embarked on a headlong retreat from Porto, heading in disorder along the road towards Valongo, to the north-east.
In order to cut off a French retreat, Major General John Murray's 2,900-man brigade, including the 14th Light Dragoons, had earlier been dispatched across the Douro at a ferry crossing five miles to the south-east of Porto, near Avintes. His force then marched north and reached a ridge looking down from the south onto the Valongo road, along which the retreating French army was being pursued north-eastwards by British infantry emerging from Porto. However, Murray seems to have considered his force too small to engage with a French force three to four times the size, even though it was retreating in disorder. He therefore remained on his ridge, failing to block the French escape route, or even to open fire on the retreating army. However, one squadron of the 14th Light Dragoons, a mere 150 men, did speed after the retreating French. Its command had been spontaneously appropriated by General Charles Stewart (Charles Vane, 3rd Marquess of Londonderry), a seasoned cavalry officer and Wellesley's adjutant-general, who had arrived shortly beforehand with messages from Wellesley to Murray. With Stewart at the head, the squadron charged the French rear-guard, which had formed up in a defensive position to meet them, but broke in the face of the charge. About 300 French prisoners were captured. From the British squadron, three of the four officers were wounded, 10 men killed and 11 severely wounded. Action was then broken off, and the French army was able to continue its retreat.
Results.
The British lost 125 men in all in the Second Battle of Porto. In the battle for the seminary, Wellesley's second-in-command, Major-General Edward Paget had his arm shattered by a French bullet and it had to be amputated. In addition to 1800 captured, the French suffered 600 casualties, including Foy, who was wounded.
Soult's retreat.
Due to Murray's error of judgement and the fact that the bulk of Wellesley's army were still on the other side of the Douro in Vila Nova de Gaia, the French escaped on 12 May. However, Loison failed to clear Silveira's force away from Soult's planned path of retreat to the northeast, so Soult was compelled to abandon all his equipment and take footpaths over the hills to further to the west. Soult's and Loison's forces eventually met at Guimarães.
Marching by a more direct route, the British reached Braga (northwest of Guimarães) before the French, which forced Soult to adjust his route of retreat back in a more easterly/north-easterly direction. Meanwhile, Beresford and Silveira were manoeuvring to block Soult's escape route in that direction. After escaping from several tight spots, Soult slipped away over the mountains, eventually reaching the safety of Ourense in Spain. During the retreat, Soult's corps lost 4,500 men, its military chest and all of its 58 guns and baggage. He entered Spain with a much diminished force, roughly half the size it had been before the Second Battle of Porto.
Aftermath.
The guerilla war proceeded till the end of the Peninsular war.
The Spanish conventional warfare proceeded 
till the end of the Peninsular war.
Napoleon had ended his invasion of Spain with the occupation of Madrid.
The Second Portuguese campaign had ended with the French retreat out of Portugal.
The Spanish campaign in late 1809 started with the Battle of Talavera with the British army back in Spain.
In recognition of his victories at Porto and Talavera, Sir Arthur Wellesley was appointed Baron Douro of Wellesley.
In fiction.
The battle of Porto is depicted by Bernard Cornwell in "Sharpe's Havoc", Simon Scarrow in "Fire and Sword", Allan Mallinson in "An Act of Courage", Iain Gale in "Keane's Company" and by Martin McDowell in the historical novel "The Plains of Talavera".

</doc>
<doc id="7011562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011562" title="Kentucky Route 693">
Kentucky Route 693

Kentucky Route 693 (KY 693) is a east–west state highway located within Greenup County in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The western terminus of the route is at U.S. Route 23 in Wurtland. The eastern terminus is at US 23 in Russell. KY 693 is also known as Diedrich Boulevard in Russell and Bellefonte Road in Flatwoods.
The road was widened from two lanes to three and five lanes from KY 207 in Flatwoods to its eastern terminus at US 23 in Russell in 2000. This involved the construction of two new bridges spanning White Oak Creek.
A section of KY 693 from the Russell/Flatwoods city line to the intersection of KY 207 (Argillite Road) in Flatwoods is also unofficially known as Billy Ray Cyrus Boulevard. The unofficial designation was made in honor of the Flatwoods native in 2004.
Route description.
KY 693 begins at an intersection with US 23 in Wurtland, heading south on two-lane undivided Chinns Branch Road. The road heads through wooded areas with some homes, curving to the southeast. The route becomes Caroline Road and continues southeast, skirting the border between Raceland to the north and Flatwoods to the south. KY 693 continues into Flatwoods and becomes Bellefonte Road, passing through residential areas. The route intersects KY 207 and forms a brief concurrency with that route before KY 207 splits north from KY 693 in the commercial center of town. KY 693 heads past more homes and businesses as a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane and intersects the northern terminus of KY 1458. The road passes more development and crosses into Russell at the junction with the southern terminus of KY 1172, where it becomes Diederich Boulevard. The route heads past businesses and becomes a five-lane road with a center left-turn lane as it comes to the intersection with KY 1093. A short distance later, KY 693 intersects the southern terminus of KY 1725. The route continues east and reaches its eastern terminus at another intersection with US 23.

</doc>
<doc id="7011563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011563" title="Somerset Spectator">
Somerset Spectator

The Somerset Spectator is a regional newspaper in Somerset County, New Jersey that was established on September 11, 1969, by Marsha Senz, Roslyn Westheimer and Judith Quintman as the weekly newspaper that gives "a hoot about Franklin." In the 1990s, the paper became known as "The newspaper for southern Somerset County." The paper's mascot through 2002 was an owl designed by a local artist in 1969.
History.
The Spectator had its known office of publication in Franklin from its inception to 2003, when it moved to Hillsborough. In 2001, it became known as "The Spectator", while colloquially continuing to be known as the Somerset Spectator. In 2010, the newspaper moved its main offices to New Brunswick, in neighboring Middlesex County, while maintaining a bureau in Somerset County.
Over the years, it has served as official newspaper for Franklin, 1971–2000; Montgomery Township, 2001–present; Millstone Borough, 1997–99 and 2001–03; Borough of Rocky Hill, 1997–present, all in Somerset County.
Coverage was broadened to include Middlesex County towns adjacent to Somerset County with the move in 2010. The newspaper has included coverage of New Brunswick and North Brunswick from the 1980s onward.

</doc>
<doc id="7011570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011570" title="Vacuum plasmaspraying">
Vacuum plasmaspraying



</doc>
<doc id="7011571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011571" title="Prince Edward Island Route 160">
Prince Edward Island Route 160

Ascension Road, labelled Route 160, is a 2-lane collector highway in western Prince County, Prince Edward Island, Canada. It is located NW of the community of Tignish. Its maximum speed limit is .
The highway runs from Route 14 (Shore Road) to Route 2, the Veteran's Memorial Highway, passing through the communities of Ascension and Nail Pond.
History.
As part of the Prince Edward Island Railway (now the Confederation Trail), an overpass bridge that transported trains until 1990 crosses directly over the Ascension Road at approximately north of the road's commencement at Route 2. Due to the bridge's low height, there is no pavement on the section of the road underneath the bridge. The remainder of the road, however, is paved. In 2000, under the direction of Prince Edward Island Director of Transportation, Gail Shea, an identical bridge in nearby Harper Road was demolished and the trail was lowered to road level. Protests were made to do the same in Ascension, and the bridge in Ascension remains the only one on Prince Edward Island.
Other information.
Ascension Road is a secondary highway in Prince Edward Island, and is one of the busiest secondary highways in the Tignish area. Other nearby busy secondary highways include Harper Road (Route 158), Union Road (Route 152), and Greenmount Road (Route 153). Addresses on the entire Ascension Road receive electric power from the Elmsdale/Tignish substation. Basic cable service from Eastlink has been available for civic addresses 1—900 on Ascension Road since 1995, and High speed internet from Aliant Telecom has been available from civic addresses 1—600 since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7011579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011579" title="FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia">
FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia

FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia is a former professional football team based in Zaporizhzhia, Ukraine.
History.
Founded in 1982, the club played in the Ukrainian Premier League from 1992 through 1998, after being initially chosen to participate for being one of the top 9 (of 11) Ukrainian teams from the West Division of the Soviet Second League in 1991. Prior to 1982 there were number of the Torpedo predecessors among which "Komunarivets", "Traktor", "Mashynobudivnyk", and others.
Torpedo Zaporizhzhia's best achievement in the Ukrainian Premier League was 7th place (thrice, in 1992 (prorated), 1994–95, and 1995–96). The club has successfully competing in the domestic cup competition in early years being eliminated only in semi-finals twice in a row and reaching the best of eight the next year. In April 1996 the club's creator (Stepan Kravchun) and the factory general director was removed from governing of the club which had reflected in further club's performance.
Following relegation during the 1997–98 season, Torpedo Zaporizhzhia competed successfully in the Ukrainian First League, taking third place and achieving promotion back to the Ukrainian Premier League. However, despite this finish, the club applied for bankruptcy following the conclusion of the 1998–99 season and were suspended by the Ukrainian Football Association. In early March 2000 in press media appeared information that the club may cease its operations because the Professional Football League of Ukraine received a letter from the club's president Serhiy Kharhenko which informed that the team is withdrawing from the 1999–2000 season due to lack of financing. The club returned to the Ukrainian Second League in 2002 and 2003, but was relegated to the amateur league thereafter.
FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia played its games at the AutoZAZ Stadium with maximum capacity of 15,000.
In 2002–03 under Torpedo Zaporizhzhia brand played a football team of the Zaporizhzhia Institute of State and Municipal Administration (ZIGMU), formerly FC Viktor Zaporizhzhia. After relegation the team was renamed into ZIGMU-Spartak Zaporizhzhia and continued to play in regional competitions.
Colours are white shirts, blue shorts.
League and cup history.
 Soviet Union
 Ukraine

</doc>
<doc id="7011581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011581" title="Battle of oporto">
Battle of oporto



</doc>
<doc id="7011583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011583" title="Battle of porto">
Battle of porto



</doc>
<doc id="7011586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011586" title="Abode of Chaos">
Abode of Chaos

The Abode of Chaos () is a contemporary art museum located in Saint-Romain-au-Mont-d'Or, a small town in the vicinity of Lyon, France, with over 2,500 works from many different artists, including the owner Thierry Ehrmann. Ehrmann is the founder and CEO of Groupe Serveur and Artprice.com, both of which are headquartered at the Abode.
The artwork is based around the transformation of the 17th century post house into a replica (post-)war zone, which contrasts with the peaceful village a few kilometers up the Saône river from Lyon. The mayor of the town said of the house: "It's humanly intolerable, ugly, dramatic, with its images of destruction. Whatever you think, for me it's not art, it's a provocation."
The Abode of Chaos has been the subject of several lawsuits, and – in 2009 – France's highest court, the Court of Cassation, ruled that Ehrmann would have to revert his home to its pre-Abode of Chaos state. In 2013, the Grenoble Court of Appeals imposed a fine for continued non-compliance of €750 per day. The Court of Cassation intervened in the case again in 2014 by reversing the lower court's decision, ruling that Erhmann should have been assisted by counsel or his wife at the 2013 hearing because of his manic-depressive condition. In 2016, Ehrmann claimed "absolute victory" on his blog because of the passage of the law on freedom of creation, architecture and patrimony. 

</doc>
<doc id="7011591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011591" title="Industry loss warranty">
Industry loss warranty

Industry loss warranties (ILWs), are a type of reinsurance contract used in the insurance industry through which one party will purchase protection based on the total loss arising from an event to the entire insurance industry above a certain trigger level rather than their own losses.
For example, the buyer of a "$100million limit US Wind ILW attaching at $20bn" will pay a premium to a protection writer (generally a reinsurer but sometimes a hedge fund) and in return will receive $100million if total losses to the insurance industry from a single US hurricane exceed $20bn. The industry loss ($20bn in this case) is often referred to as the "trigger". The amount of protection offered by the contract ($100million in this case) is referred to as the "limit". 
ILWs could also be constructed based on an index not linked to insurance industry losses. For example, Professor Lawrence A. Cunningham of George Washington University suggests adapting similar mechanisms to the risks that large auditing firms face in cases asserting massive securities law damages. 
These agreements are usually documented as reinsurance contracts between the parties but can also be described as financial derivatives. If so, in addition to the industry loss trigger the contract will include an "ultimate net loss clause" which specifies that the protection buyer must demonstrate that they have lost a specified amount as well. ILWs are sometimes referred to as "original loss warranties" or "Original Market Loss Warranties", but this usage is becoming increasingly rare.
History.
The first contracts of this type were traded in the 1980s. This market remained fairly small (though influential in price setting for reinsurance as these contracts are more consistent than most reinsurance treaties) through Hurricane Katrina. The entry of many hedge funds into the market (for which ILWs are a preferred trading vehicle) along with the breakdown of the retrocessional reinsurance market (reinsurance for reinsurers) led to the growth of the ILW market.
The ILW market has no recognized exchange or clearing source to track volumes. Size estimates range from $2bn to $10bn outstanding (Aon plc, Nephila). The pre-Katrina market in terms of outstanding contracts was likely near the low end of that range and the post Katrina market is likely to have moved upward within that range.
Loss measurement.
In the United States the "Property Claims Services", a division of the Insurance Services Office (ISO), is generally the source for industry loss estimates for perils. SIGMA, a division of Swiss Re, is often the source for such losses outside the US, with Munich Re's NatCAT Service appearing more and more often on ex-US business.
Common contracts and market dynamics.
The benchmark contract for the market for a number of years around Hurricane Katrina was $20bn US Wind and Quake. A number of other US Wind and Quake zones as well as Japanese Quake and European windstorm and various second event coverages also trade in the market.
Many catastrophe bonds are triggered by industry-based triggers and trade with reference to pricing in the ILW markets.
These contracts are often negotiated directly between parties. In addition, brokers including Willis and Access Re publish estimated bid and offer levels and attempt to arrange trades. Catastrophe bond traders including Swiss Re and Goldman Sachs may also trade these instruments.
External links.
2

</doc>
<doc id="7011593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011593" title="Paramount Global Content Distribution">
Paramount Global Content Distribution

Paramount Global Content Distribution is the international television distribution arm of American media conglomerate, Paramount Skydance Corporation, originally established in 1962 as the international distribution division of Desilu Productions. With the sale of Desilu to Gulf+Western, then-owners of film studio Paramount Pictures, in 1968, the division evolved into Paramount's first foray into the international television industry in the 1970s.
The division handles the distribution of television content from the libraries of Paramount Media Networks, Paramount Television Studios, CBS Studios, CBS Media Ventures, Showtime Networks and Paramount+.
History.
Desilu International/Paramount Television International/Paramount International Television (1962–2006).
The division as well as Paramount International Television was originally established in 1962 as the international distribution division of Desilu Productions, "Desilu International", which was managed by Bruce Gordon. The company co-produced "The Lost Islands" with the Ten Network (now Network 10) in 1975. Network 10 and this division have been in common ownership since 2019 after the ViacomCBS re-merger. In 1983, it acquired distribution rights to the Australian miniseries, "Return to Eden".
In 1967, Desilu was sold to Gulf+Western, the then-owners of the film studio Paramount Pictures, adding international television to its well-known film operations. Gulf+Western rebranded the division as "Paramount Television International" to handle international sales of Desilu/Paramount properties from Paramount Television. The following year, John Pearson, who had run Desilu/Paramount's international operations, was fired. He proceeded to form his own company, John Pearson International, whose purpose was continue distributing the sitcom "Here's Lucy" for the international market.
In 1987, the company, along with MCA TV International, signed an agreement with China Central Television (CCTV), to offer a total of 100 drama hours. The deal, the largest license ever granted to Chinese television in that era, made the two Hollywood studios the largest suppliers of foreign production for that country. In 1990, it briefly considered an investment in Australia's Nine Network.
In 1986, Paramount Television International formed a partnership that would exploit the rights to the Madison Square Garden properties. In 1995, Paramount International Television launched a joint venture to be headed by Peter Press. In 1998, James Dowaliby was tapped to be vice president of production and Christopher Ottinger was named vice president of business development at the division. Later that year, Paramount announced plans to enter international co-production.
In 2000, the division was touted to develop and co-produce "Jeremiah" with Lions Gate Television, but was replaced by MGM Television.
CBS Broadcast International (1981–2007).
In 1981, CBS launched its international division, "CBS Broadcast International", to sell news, sports and entertainment programming produced in-house to foreign markets as well as non-broadcast and new technology markets in the United States. It eventually merged into "CBS Worldwide Enterprises" and later incorporated into its marketing unit "CBS Productions" (unrelated to the later company of the same name) with "CBS Theatrical Films" in August 1984. In the summer of 1985, CBS Productions, CBS News and Columbia House partnered to produce a videocassette "The Vietnam War with Walter Cronkite".
Later that year, CBS shut down its theatrical production unit and CBS Broadcast International spun-out from the production unit, restoring the CBS Broadcast International moniker in the process. It planned to provide the "CBS Evening News" bulletins to UK-based British Satellite Broadcasting in 1988.
CBS Broadcast International produced syndicated episodes of the television series, "The Twilight Zone" in 1985. It then signed a partnership agreement with MGM/UA Telecommunications 2 years later to syndicate its episodes from all 2 seasons with 30 new first-run episodes to form a 90-episode syndication package. On 28 October that same year, "CBS Broadcast International" announced its acquisition of television and ancillary market rights to four Academy Award/Oscar-winning films produced by Arthur Cohn such as "Dangerous Moves", "Black and White in Color", "The Garden of the Finzi Continis" and "The Sky Above, The Mud Below". It also announced plans to pick up the bulletins of "CBS Evening News with Dan Rather" which would place it on a tape-delayed basis on international channel Tele Monte Carlo.
CBS Broadcast International launched a global programming alliance with Virgin Media Television in 1997. That following year, Stephanie Pacheco was named the managing director of international sales of the division.
CBS Paramount International Television (2004–2009).
CBS Broadcast International and Paramount International Television merged on August 11, 2004 to create "CBS Paramount International Television" and would be headed by Armando Nuarez Jr. The division was transferred to CBS Corporation when CBS spun off from Viacom on January 1, 2006, with television rights to the films from its sister company, Paramount Pictures, obtained by Trifecta Entertainment and Media. With the December 4, 2019 merger of CBS and Viacom, the television rights to Paramount's films were brought back to the now-combined Paramount Global. The company distributes television content from the libraries of CBS Studios, the King World Productions and certain HBO shows internationally the Rysher Entertainment library, the latter owned domestically by 2929 Entertainment.
CBS Studios International (2009–2019).
In May 2009, CPITV was renamed CBS Studios International. On 14 September that year, CBS Studios International struck a joint venture deal with Chellomedia to launch six CBS-branded channels in the UK which would replace Zone Romantica, Zone Thriller, Zone Horror and Zone Reality, plus timeshift services Zone Horror +1 and Zone Reality +1. The replacement channels launched on 16 November that year. On 5 April 2010, Zone Horror and Zone Horror +1 were rebranded as Horror Channel and Horror Channel +1 respectively.
CBS Studios International licensed rights for the top international formats. In 2010, CBS Studios International went into an equal joint venture with Reliance Broadcast Network Limited to form "Big CBS Networks Pvt. Ltd". At the time, the network operated 3 main channels; Big CBS Prime, a general entertainment channel, Big CBS Spark, a youth-oriented channel and Big CBS Love, a women's and urban couple-oriented channel.
In January 2011, CBS Studios International partnered with Australian company, Ten Network Holdings, to launch digital free-to-air channel known as Eleven and would hold a 33% stake in its joint-venture holding company, ElevenCo. Ten Network Holdings entered voluntary administration in June 2017 which ultimately led to CBS acquiring the entirety of the company that November.
On 1 August 2012, Chellomedia revealed that the European versions of Zone Romantica, Zone Reality and Club would be rebranded respectively as CBS Drama, CBS Reality and CBS Action.
ViacomCBS Global Distribution Group/Paramount Global Content Distribution (2019–present).
Following the December 4, 2019 merger of CBS and Viacom to create ViacomCBS, CBS Studios International and Paramount Worldwide Television Licensing &amp; Distribution merged and rebranded to ViacomCBS Global Distribution Group. On February 16, 2022, ViacomCBS rebranded as Paramount Global, rebranding the division likewise to its current name and restoring the "Paramount" name in television for the first time in 16 years. ViacomCBS International Studios was folded into the company later in 2022.
Past activities.
As "CBS Paramount International Television", the division distributed films/movies from the libraries of Paramount Pictures and the Republic Pictures between 2006 and 2009, as well as DreamWorks Pictures from 2006 to 2008.
As "CBS Studios International", the division had 50% ownership of former Australian pay-TV channels, TV1 and SF Channel. In 2013, RTL Group and CBS Studios International announced a joint venture called "RTL CBS Asia Entertainment Network" for Southeast Asia with the launch of RTL CBS Entertainment in September that year, but would be acquired 5 years later in January by Blue Ant Media.
The division previously owned all CBS-branded European TV channels (until rebranded in 2025) in a joint venture with AMC Networks International and an Australian television company, Ten Network Holdings. Both have since been transferred to the primary international networks division of Paramount Global.

</doc>
<doc id="7011594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011594" title="Ascension Rd">
Ascension Rd



</doc>
<doc id="7011597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011597" title="William H. Stetson">
William H. Stetson

William H. Stetson was a Roman Catholic priest of the Prelature of Opus Dei ordained in 1962. He was an honorary prelate of the Pope with the title of Reverend Monsignor. He lived in Los Angeles, California.
Stetson was a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School, during which time he became a numerary of the Prelature of Opus Dei. He later earned a doctorate in Canon Law from the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas (Angelicum) in Rome. He taught for several years on the faculty of Canon Law at the University of Navarre, where he also was involved in establishing the School of Liberal Arts. For seventeen years, Stetson was the vicar of Opus Dei in Chicago, during which time priests of the Prelature of Opus Dei were entrusted with operating a parish of the Archdiocese of Chicago, St. Mary of the Angels, and renovating one of the archdiocese's largest church buildings.
Stetson was appointed director of the Catholic Information Center in Washington, DC, by Cardinal Theodore McCarrick in 2004. He succeeded C. John McCloskey who had been director since 1998. The operation of the center has been entrusted to priests of the Prelature of Opus Dei since 1993. In fall of 2007, Stetson left as head of the Catholic Information Center. It is now under the direction of Charles Trullols.
Since 1983 Stetson also served as consultant and later secretary to the Ecclesiastical Delegate of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith for the Pastoral Provision for former Episcopal priests, by means of which over a hundred men have been ordained for priestly service in the Roman Catholic Church. He maintained the Pastoral Provision Office at Our Lady of Walsingham parish, an Anglican Use congregation in the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston from 2007 to 2010. He continued to assist at the Holy Cross Chapel in downtown Houston, until being assigned to Los Angeles in 2011 where he assisted at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels and performed pastoral work for Opus Dei.
Stetson died in the morning of January 3, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="7011598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011598" title="Free to Be">
Free to Be



</doc>
<doc id="7011599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011599" title="Ascension Road">
Ascension Road



</doc>
<doc id="7011606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011606" title="NK Veres Rivne">
NK Veres Rivne

Narodnyy Klub Veres Rivne () is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Rivne. The club competes in the Ukrainian Premier League, the top tier of Ukrainian football, after winning the 2020–21 Ukrainian First League. Their home stadium until 2017 was Avanhard Stadium in Rivne. From that time, till September 2022 the club played its home matches at Avanhard Stadium in Lutsk. Since September 2022, all home matches are played in partially renovated Avanhard Stadium.
Founded in 1957, Veres first promoted to Ukrainian Premier League in 1992, and spent there 5 seasons in total over three periods. They achieved their best result of 6th place in 2017–18 season. Veres also reached the semi-finals of 1993–94 Ukrainian Cup.
The team ran into financial difficulties after the winter break of the 2010–11 season and was removed from the Ukrainian Second League. It was reinstated and resumed playing in the same league in 2015. The home uniform consists of red shirt with black shorts; the away uniform is all black.
History.
Soviet times.
The team was founded in 1957 as Kolhospnyk (collective farm worker) and played the 1958 season in the Class B Third Zone, finishing 14th of the 16 teams that participated. The team played 13 seasons in Class B. The best results came in the 1968 and 1969 seasons when the team placed 7th. In 1966, it changed its name to Horyn after the river that flows in Volhynia.
After the reorganization of the Championship of the USSR in 1971, Horyn played in the Second League of the Ukrainian Zone until the fall of the Soviet Union. In 1972, the club became part of the all-Ukrainian Avanhard voluntary sports society and changed its name to Avanhard. In the first season in the Second League of the Ukrainian Zone Avanhard placed 26th. Starting in the late 1970s Avangard started progressing and in 1981 under the management of two famous Dynamo Kyiv players Viktor Matvienko and Volodymyr Troshkin Avanhard got 3rd place. Nine years later under the management of Viktor Pokora Avanhard placed 3rd again.
Three seasons in Vyshcha Liha.
During the fall of the Soviet Union it changed its name again to Veres (heather) and was placed in the 1992 Ukrainian First League. In the same season, Veres placed first and was promoted to the Vyshcha Liha. In their first season in Vyshcha, Veres placed last but wasn't relegated because the league was expanded. The following season was the most successful in the club's history. The team was 4th at the mid-way point, beating teams like FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, FC Metalist Kharkiv, FC Shakhtar Donetsk, defeating FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Cup to reach the semi-final. But during the second half, Veres fell to 12th place. During the 1994–95 season, their second in the Premier League, Veres struggled and was relegated to the Ukrainian Second League.
Liquidation in 2011.
After relegation from the Ukrainian First League, Veres remained in the Second League until 2011 when, after 54 years as a professional football club, Veres declared bankruptcy and was liquidated.
The huge People's Club project.
On 19 March 2015, the club was reinstated as Public Union Rivne Football Club Veres Rivne by two Ukrainian public organizations "Rivne City Football Federation" and "Rivne Oblast Football Federation". The chairman of the Public Union became a well known businessman of Rivne Oblast Oleksiy Khakhlyov, a son-in-law of former President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko (check also FC Nafkom Brovary). It was the first club in Ukraine to have club membership among its fans and as of May 21 had over 3,500 members (3,728 in 2016). Khakhlyov initiated a powerful promotion campaign in social media such as Facebook ("the 12th player") to reflect popularity of the newly created club. The club was announced as "PEOPLE's" (Narodnyi). During the campaign members of the new club claimed that the club accepts no outsiders, only Rivne natives. About that fact even commented one of Ukrainian football journalist Artur Valerko complementing it as appealing, interesting, and seems like a "policy of Athletic Bilbao". The club's statute also stated that no one unrelated to Rivne Oblast may sponsor or in any way participate in the club. The idea of people's club is not new and previously for propaganda was used when FC Prykarpattia Ivano-Frankivsk transformed into FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk back in 2003 as People's Football Club Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk (NFK Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk).
In the 2015–16 Ukrainian Second League season, Veres finished in second place and was promoted to the Ukrainian First League. The promotion was widely celebrated at the Rivne city central square (Maidan Nezalezhnosti). Following the success Khakhlyov came out and announced, "I appeared in front of perspective that "Veres" wants to play in the First League, but there are no money. Membership contributions, help of the budget and sponsors are not enough. We gathered, conditionally speaking, 5 million, but need 15. Why 15? It is a simple thing. I cannot live without a dream. The dream was not only revive "Veres", but to get promoted to the First League. They were looking at me as on an idiot. Now I have a dream that "Veres" in the Premier League, Veres among elites of Ukrainian football. We will be realizing it".
After the end of the 2015–16 Ukrainian Second League season, the club was reconstituted as a limited liability company TOV FC Veres-Rivne by the Public Union "Rivne Football Club Veres Rivne" and Lviv Refrigerating Company "Limo", with the latter becoming the majority holder with a 61% stake. (Note: TOV is a Ukrainian acronym for limited liability company (, tovarystvo z obmezhenoiu vidpovidalnistiu).) The Veres-Rivne company headed by Ihor Dedyshyn was founded to manage the club. Previously Dedyshyn was a sports journalist, football manager of FC Karpaty Lviv, and a manager of Lviv media company "ZIK". "Limo" whose final beneficiary is Bohdan Kopytko will cover the budget costs of approximately ₴15 million for the 2016–17 Ukrainian First League season. The goal for the season was to achieve promotion to the Ukrainian Premier League. The club FC Veres-Rivne received certification (attestation) to play in the PFL competitions from the Football Federation of Ukraine signed by O.Bandurko and Yu.Zapisotskyi (acting head of the FFU committee on licensing of clubs).
Following the reorganization from People's Club (NK) Veres Rivne to FC Veres-Rivne, the Rivne internet newspaper "Chetverta Vlada" called for explanation to Oleksiy Khakhlyov, whether the club is still "People's". Khakhlyov answered that the club was "People's", is "People's", and will be "People's". He then added, "the Public Union which had a certification as a professional club to play football in the 2015–16 Ukrainian Second League. There are property terms. In regards to special requirements to the teams that play in professional sports, there are certain requirements in regards to certification of professional clubs. It cannot be a "Public Union", because our "Public Union" a priory is a non-profit organization".
In the beginning of March 2017 the supervisory board of NK Veres Rivne announced that will not hold meeting as the club's leadership failed to submit the club's financial report for 2016. The supervisory board that was created in May 2015 was setup with controlling functions of the club, but has been ignored by the club's leadership.
2017: Desna vs Veres promotion scandal.
On 1 June 2017, it was announced that second-place club FC Desna Chernihiv was denied a license to play in the top division. The argument was that the club was not able to provide guarantees for adequate financing of infrastructure. The license was granted to NK Veres Rivne, the third-place team during the previous season in the second division.
Both clubs, FC Desna Chernihiv and NK Veres Rivne, had not played at their home stadiums in the 2016–17 Ukrainian First League. Desna had played in Kyiv at the Obolon Arena, while Veres played in Varash, at the Izotop Stadium of the Rivne Nuclear Power Plant. The administration of Desna released a letter of protest before a meeting of FFU representatives. In protest, the Desna administration announced that the club would not play its final game of the season against FC Illichivets Mariupol, but later relented. Nonetheless, during the game, players of both teams protested on the field in a special way: when the whistle was blown the players, instead of starting play, stood around kicking a ball back and forth among themselves.
On 2 June 2017, upon conclusion of its conference, the UPL administration announced the final composition of the league and calendar for the upcoming season. The conference confirmed the admission of Veres to the league, with only one vote against, from FC Dynamo Kyiv; six votes in favour of the decision; and three (including FC Zorya Luhansk) abstentions. On 2 June 2017, the Desna fans were picketing the House of Football in Kyiv after they arrived on four buses from Chernihiv.
On 7 June 2017, sports media UA-Football requested permission from Football Federation of Ukraine and FC Desna Chernihiv to publish related documents to clarify the situation and come to some kind of closure.
A number of football experts commented negatively on the situation, while the PFC Sumy head coach Anatoliy Bezsmertnyi stated sarcastically that these football functionaries would make Veres the national champions by decree. The former PFL president Svyatoslav Syrota said that the FFU vice-president was lying about Desna's problems. President of FC Inhulets Petrove, Oleksandr Porovoznyuk, called on other clubs to withdraw their teams from the league in support for FC Desna Chernihiv. President of FC Hirnyk-Sport Horishni Plavni Petro Kaplun stated that it made him laugh when the president of Veres, Oleksiy Khakhlev, asked that the regulations be followed, pointing out that Veres had been admitted to the Second League in complete disregard of the regulations. Kaplun also called on the FFU authorities to pay attention to what owners of professional clubs had to say as they have a right to express their vote of confidence or non-confidence in the FFU leadership.
Ukrainian Premier League successes.
In June 2017, Veres was taken over by Lviv businessman Bohdan Kopytko who was suspected of having ties with organized crime, and who was known under the nickname "Kopyto". Kopytko also owns the Lviv refrigerating company "Limo" and became an honorary president of NK Veres Rivne. On 27 March 2018, Kopytko became the president of Veres after Oleksiy Khakhlyov resigned. Khakhlyov claimed that he left his position because of possible conflict of interest between his positions with the club and with the Football Federation of Ukraine and the Football Federation of Rivne Oblast.
On 17 January 2018, NK Veres-Rivne officially re-registered as a Lviv-based club. On 19 February 2018, the Rivne city council announced that it would stop sponsoring the club because of its relocation to Lviv. On 13 March 2018, Veres became a provisional member of the Lviv Oblast Football Federation.
Finally, NK Veres Rivne took sixth place in the 2017–18 Ukrainian Premier League after a controversy which preceded the match of Round 31 with FC Shakhtar Donetsk in Kharkiv.
Castling of the big People's Club with FC Lviv.
On 21 May 2018, news broke in Lviv that a type of "castling" (swap) was to take place between NK Veres Rivne and FC Lviv after which FC Lviv would advance straight to the Premier League, while NK Veres would join the lower league instead of Lviv. According to the official club's legend the big People's Club Veres Rivne was merged with the Second League FC Lviv and was recreated with admitting reinstated another no less bigger People's Club Veres in the Second League despite the Ukrainian Association of Football requirements to participate in amateur competitions before applying for professional competitions. One possible reason for the merger was that renovations at the club's home field, Avanhard Stadium, were suspended by the local authorities and had not yet recommenced. The Rivne-based media were claiming that the club is simply being renamed as FC Lviv.
On 21 May 2018, a letter signed by Kopytko that was published on the official website of the club confirmed the intention of the club's administration to merge with FC Lviv.
After the last game of the 2017–18 season with FC Mariupol, the club's fans were attacked by security group of Bohdan Kopytko including the general director of the club Andriy Pankiv.
Following the club's decision to merge with FC Lviv, some players announced that they would resign from the club. According to FootballHub, the following individuals had already left the club: players Yevhen Morozenko, Stanislav Kulish, Denys Kozhanov, Dmytro Fastov, Pavlo Lukyanchuk, Mykyta Kamenyuka, as well as sports director Anatoliy Sorokin, and some other staff members. According to Mykola Nesenyuk (FC Dynamo Kyiv department director in relations with mass media), the new NK Veres Rivne had no connection to the previous Veres club. During the interview to Channel 24 in May 2018 Nesenyuk who is native of Rivne added that the whole project with "People's Club" seems as a hoax.
On 12 June 2018 the FFU licensing committee headed by Anatoliy Bezsmertnyi announced that FC Lviv failed certification to play in the Second League, while FC Veres is certified to play in the Premiers.
In the 2018–19 season, the new NK Veres Rivne is set to play in the 2018–19 Ukrainian Second League with Oleksiy Khakhlyov as president and with a home stadium in Rivne Oblast.
In May 2019 it became clear that Veres was transformed into joint stock company consisting of public association Rivne football club Veres–Rivne, UkrTeplo (Rivneteploenerho), and Rivne city council (Avanhard Stadium).

</doc>
<doc id="7011607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011607" title="Kentucky Route 750">
Kentucky Route 750

Kentucky Route 750 (KY 750) is a east–west state highway located within Greenup County.
Route description.
The western terminus of the route is at Kentucky Route 3105 (old U.S. Route 23 or US 23) in Raceland, where KY 750 continues north as KY 244. The eastern terminus is at KY 244 in Russell. KY 750 is routed over Pond Run Road and Raceland Avenue in Raceland, Lexington Avenue and Powell Lane in Flatwoods and Seaton Avenue and Kenwood Drive in Russell. It is an alternate to the proposed Tri-State Freeway.
History.
KY 750 is mostly a two-lane route that connects Raceland and Russell via Flatwoods. It was widened to three lanes for a little under one mile (1.6 km) in Raceland in 2005. Before reconstruction, it was notorious for its narrow width, where buses and automobiles frequently had to drive on the sidewalk to prevent from colliding with another vehicle. The Russell Viaduct was rebuilt in 2020–21 with a new alignment of KY 244 that truncates KY 750 from its original terminus at US 23.

</doc>
<doc id="7011609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011609" title="WLAN-FM">
WLAN-FM

WLAN-FM (96.9 MHz, "FM 97 WLAN") is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Lancaster, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. through licensee iHM Licenses, LLC. WLAN-FM broadcasts a contemporary hit radio music format. Studios are located on Crown Avenue in Lancaster and the station's broadcast tower is located on Prospect Road in West Hempfield Township.
History.
On December 5, 1945, the Federal Communications Commission granted Peoples Broadcasting Company a construction permit for a new station on 92.3 MHz. Sam Altdoerffer owned Peoples Broadcasting. The station was assigned the WLAN-FM call sign by the FCC on February 27, 1947. On May 14, 1947, the FCC reassigned the station to 96.9 MHz. The station went through several changes in transmitter location, effective radiated power (ERP) and antenna height above average terrain (HAAT) by the time its first license was granted on April 14, 1952.
WLAN-FM was a companion to WLAN. In its early years, WLAN-FM simulcast the programming of its AM sister station. By the 1970s, WLAN-FM was airing a separate album-oriented rock format and was an affiliate of the ABC Radio FM Network.
On March 20, 1980, the station was granted a construction permit to relocate the transmitter to its current location in West Hempfield Township, Lancaster County. The station was granted a new license with the new facilities on November 20, 1980.
In the early 1990s, FM97 had begun to lose both audience and revenue share to several competing radio stations in the Lancaster, York and Harrisburg radio markets. New GM/VP Chuck Lontine, with the help of Scott Shannon (then the program director of WPLJ in New York City), created "The New Sound of FM 97 WLAN" in September 1993. This sound was a hybrid radio format of hot AC, top 40 and some classic rock. By avoiding hip hop and softer music, Lontine created a "listener delta strategy" between the popular WROZ (The Rose), which was soft adult contemporary and harder edged stations in the market playing urban/hip hop and album rock. The results were favorable primarily with women between the ages of 25 and 34. Within a year, the station was ranked number one in the market by the Arbitron Ratings Company.
The station's license was transferred from Peoples Broadcasting Company to Clear Channel Communications on September 29, 1997.
In April 2018, in response to Cumulus Media moving WWKL to 106.7 (expanding the station's CHR format to cover Lancaster, York, and Reading), iHeartMedia began redirecting WHKF listeners to WLAN-FM to add Harrisburg to its scope. WHKF subsequently flipped to an alternative rock format. FM 97 covers Lancaster, Reading, York, Harrisburg, &amp; Hershey.

</doc>
<doc id="7011611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011611" title="Etherapy">
Etherapy



</doc>
<doc id="7011619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011619" title="HAT-P-1">
HAT-P-1



</doc>
<doc id="7011624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011624" title="The Tim Conway Comedy Hour">
The Tim Conway Comedy Hour

The Tim Conway Comedy Hour is a variety/sketch comedy television show broadcast in the United States by CBS as part of its 1970 fall lineup on Sundays at 10:00 pm.
Background.
"The Tim Conway Comedy Hour" was one of several attempts to develop a starring vehicle for Tim Conway, who had been a sidekick in the 1962–66 sitcom "McHale's Navy" and two 1964 theatrical films spun off from it ("McHale's Navy" and "McHale's Navy Joins the Air Force"), and in several Disney films, but who had never had much success in developing an audience for programming in which he was the main star (see "Rango"). His previous show, the situation comedy "The Tim Conway Show", had run for only 13 episodes in the spring of 1970, and had been cancelled almost at the same time that he agreed to host "The Tim Conway Comedy Hour". Conway had two television flops in the same year.
Format.
The show emphasized sketch comedy, musical production numbers and Conway's offbeat humor. The show also featured guest stars: Lana Turner, David Janssen, Joan Crawford, Audrey Meadows, Carl Reiner, Janet Leigh, Tony Randall, Imogene Coca, Shelley Winters, Carol Burnett and Mickey Rooney.
Reruns.
The complete series was added to the Stirr program library in 2021 through a licensing arrangement with Shout! Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="7011625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011625" title="Tom Dawe">
Tom Dawe

Tom Dawe, (born October 24, 1940) is a Canadian writer from Newfoundland and Labrador.
Background.
Born in Long Pond, Newfoundland, Tom Dawe has written poetry and children's literature for many years. He is also a visual artist. His work often draws on folklore, mythology, autobiography, and Newfoundland culture, particularly the experience of growing up in a Newfoundland outport community.
Tom Dawe was a founding member in 1973 of Breakwater Books, the province's first publishing house. He was also a co-founder of "TickleAce" magazine, and an editor of the folklore publication "The Livyer". Dawe also taught English at Memorial University of Newfoundland. His work is the subject of "Rewriting Newfoundland Mythology: The Works of Tom Dawe", by Martina Seifert.
In the opening of his career, Tom Dawe felt too shy to read his own work to others. To get him going, venerable publisher Clyde Rose offered to do the readings for him. From the lesson, Dawe became highly proficient at public delivery. As an example (like many other events through the years), Dawe successfully led the 2015 holiday CBC audio presentation of "The Old Man's Winter Night".
Tom Dawe was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 2011 and an Officer of the Order of Newfoundland and Labrador in 2012.
From 2010-2013 Dawe was the poet laureate of St John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. His 2019 "New and Collected Poems" was shortlisted in the poetry category for the 2020 ReLit Award.
In the 2020 Walrus essay "The Poet Who Warns Us Not to Revere the Past", Tom Dawe is said to be "about the difficulty of change" made from his own "disarmingly plain-spoken, quietly perceptive poems".

</doc>
<doc id="7011627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011627" title="Pendragon the Great">
Pendragon the Great



</doc>
<doc id="7011629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011629" title="Ipod Shuffle">
Ipod Shuffle



</doc>
<doc id="7011630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011630" title="1948 and After">
1948 and After

1948 and After: Israel and the Palestinians is a collection of essays by the Israeli historian Benny Morris. The book was first published in hardcover in 1990. It was revised/expanded (largely on the basis of newly available material) and published by Clarendon Press, Oxford, in 1994, .
The expanded 1994 edition contained a complete new chapter (ch. 5): "Yosef Nahmani and the Arab Question in 1948". Chapters 1 ("The new historiography: Israel and its past") and chapter 10 ("The Transfer of Al Majdal's Remaining Arabs to Gaza, 1950") were substantially expanded.
Detailed synopsis.
The new historiography: Israel and its past.
In the first chapter, Morris outlines his refutation of the single-cause thesis to the Palestinian exodus. On p. 31, he writes: "In refuting Teveth's single-cause ("Arab orders") explanation of the exodus up to 15 May, I pointed out that there is simply no evidence to support it, and that the single document Teveth is able to cite, the Haganah report of 24 April, refers explicitly to "rumours" and to an order to "several localities" (rather than a blanket order to "the Arabs of Palestine"). Moreover, neither these "rumours" nor the purported order were referred to again in any subsequent Haganah intelligence report (which surely would have been the case had these "rumours" been confirmed and had an actual order been picked up). The fact is that the opposite occurred: Haganah intelligence and Western diplomatic missions in the Middle East at the time, around 5–6 May 1948, picked up, recorded and quoted from Arab orders and appeals (by King Abdullah I, Arab Liberation Army Commander Fawzi Qawuqji, and Damascus Radio) to the Arabs of Palestine to stay put in their homes or, if already in exile, to return to Palestine. Not evidence of "Arab orders" to flee but of orders to stay put during those crucial pre-invasion weeks. It flies in the face of the chronology, which there is no getting around. There was an almost universal one-to-one correspondence between Jewish attacks in specific localities and on specific towns and Arab flight from these localities and towns;
(p.32): "What this means is that Haganah / Irgun / IDF attack was usually the principal and final precipitant of Arab flight... For if the Arab order/orders had been issued on 10 April, why did the inhabitants of Haifa wait a fortnight, and those of Safad or Eastern Galilee a month or more to depart? And if the order was issued, say, on 25 April, why did the inhabitants of Tiberias depart three days before; or those of Safad wait a further fortnight before leaving?"
Mapai, Mapam, and the Arab problem in 1948.
Here Morris examines the evolving attitudes to "the Arab problem" as it appeared in the two dominant parties, Mapam and Mapai in 1948. Of the minor parties only the Revisionists spoke with a clear voice. (p. 51:) On 13 May LHI declared: A strong attack on the centres of the Arab population will intensify the movement of refugees and all the roads in the direction of Transjordan and the neighbouring countries will be filled with panic-stricken masses and [this] will hamper the [enemy's] military movement, as happened during the collapse of France [in World War II] ... A great opportunity has been given us... The whole of this land is ours...
(p. 53): Mapai.
Morris examines the "paper trail" on the "Arab question", and writes that the most striking thing about Mapai is that the party—according to the "paper trail"—hardly ever discussed it.
The first to break the silence was Golda Meir, who, after a visit to the deserted Arab quarters of Haifa argued on 11 May that the party now had to determine Israeli behaviour towards the Arabs that remained. Her calls for a full-scale party debate on the issue was not heeded. Morris writes (p. 55): "It was as if a large stone had been thrown into a pool—but had caused no ripple at all."
The only full-scale Mapai party debate in 1948 took place 24 July. Some quotes from that debate:
(p. 57) According to David Ben-Gurion, two things had surprised him during the war: the Arab flight and Jewish looting. "It emerged that most of the Jews are thieves". Everyone stole and looted, including "the men of the [Jezreel] Valley, the cream of the pioneers, the parents of the Palmah [fighters]".
Shlomo Lavi, a veteran of the kibbutz movement said: "the.. . transfer out of the country in my eyes is one of the most just, moral and correct things that can be done. I have thought this ... for many years."
(p. 57–58:) Avraham Katznelson endorsed the view: there is nothing "more moral, from the viewpoint of universal human ethics, than the emptying of the Jewish State of the Arabs and their transfer elsewhere... This requires [the use of] force."
During that meeting Shertok stated: "It is desirable for us that the Arabs do not return, if it is at all possible ... [This has] historical justification.' It is best for Israel and the Arab states in the long run that Israel should not have internal problems stemming from the existence of a large Arab minority, he implied. Shertok said, however, that he did not think the hour was ripe for this position 'to be formulated outwardly [that is, publicly]'. (p. 58)
(p. 58): Mapam.
(p. 59–61): Aharon Cohen, leader of the Mapam's Arab department wrote a memorandum called: "Our Arab Policy in the Midst of the War", 10 May. In his notes for the memorandum, penned 6 May 1948, he wrote: "a deliberate eviction [of the Arabs] is taking place... Others may rejoice—I, as a socialist, am ashamed and afraid... To win the war and lose the peace ... the state [of Israel], when it arises, will live on its sword." In the memorandum, he wrote: "... out of certain political goals and not only out of military necessity' the Arabs were driven out. "In practice, a ... "transfer" of the Arabs out of the area of the Jewish state was being carried out', and this would eventually redound against the Yishuv, both militarily (by increasing pan-Arab anger) and politically.
(p. 66): Cohen had charged that "it had depended on us whether the Arabs stayed or fled ... [They had fled] and this was [the implementation of] Ben-Gurion's line in which our comrades are [also] active"" 
(p. 64): Ya'acov Hazan, a Kibbutz Artzi leader specifically denounced the way the Haganah had treated the Arabs who had stayed put. In Abu Shusha, a village near his home kibbutz, the Haganah had completely bulldozed the village, instead of distinguishing between houses belonging to friends and houses belonging to foes of the Yishuv. He spoke of Haganah "killing, robbery, rape. I don't think our army should be like any army." 
(p. 65): Mapam co-leader Ya'ari, 14 June: "In truth, thousands [of Palestinians] did flee, but not always of their own will. There were shameful episodes... There was no necessity for all the villages to be emptied..." "
Analysis of June 1948 IDF report.
This article was first published in "Middle Eastern Studies", January 1986. 
Much of this article deals with Morris' explication and interpretation of a document found in 1985 in the papers of Aharon Cohen called "The Emigration of the Arabs of Palestine in the Period 1/12/1947 – 1/6/1948" that had been produced by Israeli Defence Forces Intelligence Service sometime during the first truce.
The report is dated June 30, 1948, and consists of two parts: a 9-page text and a 15-page appendix. Morris explains that the details in the appendix serve as a basis for the statistical breakdown in the text.
The author is assumed to be Moshe Sasson, assistant to the director of the Arab Department in the Intelligence Service. (He was later Israel's ambassador to Italy and Egypt.)
Content.
According to the report, Morris tells that, on the eve of the UN Partition Plan Resolution of 29 November 1947, there were 219 Arab villages and four Arab, or partly Arab, towns in the areas earmarked by the Resolution to be part of the Jewish state, with a total Arab population of 342,000. By 1 June 1948, 180 of these villages and towns had been evacuated, with 239,000 Arabs fleeing the areas of the Jewish state.
In addition, 152,000 Arabs had fled from areas that had been designated for Palestinian Arab statehood by the Partition Plan. According to the report, the total number of refugees was 391,000 by 1 June 1948, plus or minus 10–15%. Some 103,000 Arabs were said to have remained in the area designated for Jewish statehood.
The report identifies four stages in the exodus, of which stage four, in May 1948, was defined as the 'main and decisive stage in the emigration movement of the Arabs of Palestine. A psychosis of emigration began to develop, a crisis in confidence in Arab strength."
The report concludes: "It is possible to say that at least 55% of the total of the exodus was caused by our [Haganah / IDF] operations and by their influence". In addition, "the effects of the operations of dissident Jewish organizations 'directly [caused] some 15 percent ... of the emigration'.
Morris notes that the report points out that where there was a "strong Arab military force" the villagers did not evacuate "readily." He notes that the report says that the "Arab institutions attempted to struggle against the phenomenon of flight and evacuation, and to curb the waves of emigration... Especially, they tried to prevent the exodus of youngsters of military age... But all these actions completely failed because no positive action was taken which could have curbed the factors pushing toward emigration."
Morris writes: 
Yosef Weitz and the Transfer Committees, 1948–1949.
This article was first published in Middle Eastern Studies in 1986.
Yosef Weitz was the director of Jewish National Fund's Land Department, who from the 1930s was responsible for land acquisition (mostly from Arabs) for the Yishuv. He was instrumental in establishing the "Transfer Committees".
The case of Abu Ghosh and Beit Naqquba, Al Fureidis and Jisr Zarka in 1948.
Abu Ghosh.
The villagers of Abu Ghosh had first been expelled in 1948, but the bulk of the inhabitants "infiltrated" back home in the following months and years. In the second half of 1949, the IDF and police started to descend on Abu Ghosh in a series of more or less brutal search-and-expel operations, where they rounded up the most recent "infiltrators" and pushed them over the border into Jordan. (p. 267–268): Following one such round-up, in early 1950, the inhabitants of Abu Gosh sent off an "open letter", to Knesset members and journalists, writing that the Israelis had repeatedly "surrounded our village, and taken our women, children and old folk, and thrown them over the border and into the Negev Desert, and many of them died in consequence, when they were shot [trying to make their way back across] the borders".So far, the inhabitants had held their peace."But we cannot remain silent in face of the latest incident last Friday, when we woke up to the shouts blaring over the loudspeaker announcing that the village was surrounded and anyone trying to get out would be shot... The police and military forces then began to enter the houses and conduct meticulous searches, but no contraband was found. In the end, using force and blows, they gathered up our women, and old folk and children, the sick and the blind and pregnant women. These shouted for help but there was no saviour. And we looked on and were powerless to do anything save beg for mercy. Alas, our pleas were of no avail... They then took the prisoners, who were weeping and screaming, to an unknown place, and we still do not know what befell
them."Partly due to public outcry, most of the inhabitants were allowed home. Morris writes (p. 269): In the end only several dozen Abu Gosh families remained in exile, as refugees, in the Ramallah area in the West Bank.
Beit Naqquba.
About Beit Naqquba, Morris writes (p. 263): "It is possible that the inhabitants of Beit Naqquba had received both an order to evacuate from Arab military commanders in Ein Karim and "strong advice" to the same effect from Lisser and Navon. But it is likely that the "advice" given in the name of the Harel Brigade, which physically controlled the area, was the more potent of the two factors in precipitating the evacuation."
Between 1948 and 1964 the (by then former) inhabitants of Bayt Naqquba at first lived at Sataf, "under trees, because the Arabs had not allowed them to come over their lines, out of distrust and revenge" (quoted in Morris, p. 264). Afterwards they were allowed to stay temporarily in Abu Ghosh.
(p. 266): The reason given for why they were not allowed to return was given as "security" by the local kibbutz Kiryat Anavim. However, Kiryat Anavim's opposition to the return of Beit Naqquba refugees to their village was only in part based on "security" considerations. The kibbutz also wanted Beit Naqquba's land. The problem was that the handful of Beit Naqquba refugees now living in Abu Gosh continued to cultivate their lands, "and it is to be assumed that they look forward to the day on which they will be able to return to their homes. It seems that as long as the Beit Naqquba inhabitants remain near their abandoned village, they will continue to maintain contact with the village, and the members of Kiryat Anavim will not be able to take over and cultivate the village lands." Reporting this, (on 16 March 1949), the Interior Ministry official responsible for the Jerusalem District recommended that the Beit Naqquba villagers residing in Abu Ghosh be moved "somewhere ... far away".
Starting in 1964, the former Bayt Naqquba residents started moving to a new site, called "Ein Naqquba", located on some of their land south of the Jerusalem–Tel Aviv highway.
The transfer of Al Majdal's Remaining Arabs to Gaza, 1950.
Morris examined previously unpublished reports and memorandums pertaining to the transfer of Majdal's Arabs to Gaza in 1950. The reports/memorandums were mostly in the Israel State Archive, Foreign Ministry (=ISA, FM) and the Labour Archives (Histadrut), Lavon Institute, Tel Aviv (=LA).
Loriaux [...] complained that there had been cases were Arabs who had refused to move to Gaza being jailed. Israel denied this. (ISA FM 2436/5bet.)
(p. 338): UNTSO chairman General William Riley wrote [...]:
"A. Since occupation of Majdal by Israel, Arabs are kept in special quarters. B. Shopkeepers are not allowed to renew stock. C. Proprietors are not allowed to enter their houses, lands or groves. D. Arab rations are inferior to Israeli rations. E. Rumours are spread among Arabs that Majdal will become military [i.e. war] zone. F. Many Arabs wished to stay, but found living conditions impossible through continuous vexations' (see UN Archives, New York), (DAG-1/2.2.5.2.0-1, 13 Sept. 1950)
(p. 441): UNTSO chief of Staff, Lieutenant-General William Riley, United States Marine Corps, on 21 September issued an unusual public condemnation of the ongoing expulsion of Majdals Arabs and the simultaneous expulsion of members (4000 according to the UN) of the Azazme beduin tribe from the Negev into Sinai. Israel reacted by denying both counts.
On 17 November 1950 the Security Council condemned Israel on both counts (Resolution 89: The Palestine Question (17 Nov))
and on 30 May 1951 the MAC called on Israel to repatriate the 1950 Majdal transferees. Israel rejected the decision and denied the charge.
(p. 345) Morris concludes:Majdal officially became Ashkelon in 1956, after passing through some nominal stations—Migdal-Gad and Migdal-Ashkelon. The three-sided (Israel, Egypt and UN) debate over whether the Arab departure had been "voluntary" or "coerced" by then was something of an irrelevance. The UN calls for a return 1950 was never heeded and the Majdal transferees were fated to linger on, for decades, indefinitely, in Gaza's grim, grimy refugee camps.
What is clear is that after a year and a half of bureaucratic foot-dragging, the IDF in 1950 wanted this last concentration of Arabs in the southern coastal plain to leave, and engineered their departure.. The Majdal Arabs' own uneasiness at life as a ghettoized minority, under military rule, hemmed in by barbed wire and a pass system, dependent on Israeli handouts, largely unemployed and destitute, cut off from their relatives in Gaza and from the Arab world in general, served as a preparatory background. [...] When these [methods] proved insufficient with the remaining hard-core Histadrut-protected inhabitants, the army availed itself, in September and early October, of cruder methods—shooting in the night, threatening behaviour by the soldiery, unpleasant early-hour-of-the-morning visitations, frequent summons, and occasional arrests. The use of these methods was hidden from the Israeli public and, probably, lacked Cabinet authorization. To sweeten the pill, the military government offered some fulsome carrots in the form of financial incentives [...] Until Israel's Defence Ministry and Cabinet records are opened, the exact decision-making processes behind the Majdal transfer will remain unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="7011632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011632" title="Stratton on the Fosse">
Stratton on the Fosse



</doc>
<doc id="7011638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011638" title="Giardia intestinalis">
Giardia intestinalis



</doc>
<doc id="7011643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011643" title="PRWeb">
PRWeb



</doc>
<doc id="7011648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011648" title="Ban'etsu West Line">
Ban'etsu West Line

The is a railway line in Japan operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East). It connects Kōriyama Station in Kōriyama, Fukushima Prefecture, and Niitsu Station in Akiha Ward, Niigata, Niigata Prefecture. The name "Banetsu" is taken from the first characters of the names of the ancient provinces of and , which the Banetsu East and Banetsu West lines connect. means "west" in Japanese.
The line's nickname is the .
Rolling stock.
, the following rolling stock is used on the Banetsu West Line.
History.
The private Ganetsu Railway opened the initial section from Kōriyama to Nakayamajuku on July 26, 1898, and extended the line to Aizu-Wakamatsu the following year.
Japanese National Railways (JNR) started to modernize the line in the 1960s, introducing the line's first limited express service (as a part of the Yamagata-bound "Yamabata") in 1965 between Ueno Station in Tokyo and Aizu-Wakamatsu via the Tōhoku Main Line. In 1968 the train was renamed "Aizu Yamabata", but from 1993 onward it was renamed "Viva Aizu" and ran only between Koriyama and Aizu-Wakamatsu. The train was finally discontinued as a limited express service in 2003.
In 1967, JNR electrified the section between Kōriyama and Kitakata at 20 kV AC.
In 2011 the line was closed for 15 days in March following the Tohoku earthquake, two days in April as a result of aftershocks, and for 10 weeks following torrential rain at the end of July.
A new station, called , opened on 1 April 2017 between and Kōriyama and Kikuta stations.
The railway bridge connecting Kitakata and Yamato collapsed due to heavy rain on 4 August 2022. Services were temporarily suspended between Kitakata and Nozawa. Full service was restored on 1 April 2023. In the timetable revision at December 3rd 2022, Rapid Ageo services ceased operations.
Electric services between Aizu-Wakamatsu and Kitakata ceased on 12 March 2022, and the section was deelectrified by May 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7011651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011651" title="Largest U.S. cities">
Largest U.S. cities



</doc>
<doc id="7011658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011658" title="Prince Edward Island Route 159">
Prince Edward Island Route 159

Peter Road, or "Peterville Road", labelled Route 159, is a 2-lane collector highway in western Prince County, Prince Edward Island, Canada. It is near the community of Tignish. Its maximum speed limit is .
The highway runs from Route 158 (Harper Road) to Route 160 (Ascension Road) passing through the communities of Peterville, Leoville, and Ascension.
History.
The southern half of the road, from Route 158 (Harper Road) to about 1.50 miles NW, was first paved in 1979, followed by the northern half of the road from Route 160 (Ascension) to 1.50 miles SW in 1980. Part of the remaining dirt section was paved in 2004, and now there remains only about 200 yards of unpaved road on Route 159. The northernmost 800 metres of Peter Road was resurfaced in July 2008.
Other information.
Addresses from the Route 160 (Ascension Road) intersection SW to before the clay road receive electric power from the Elmsdale/Tignish substation, and remaining addresses from the other end of the clay road to Route 158 (Harper Road) receive electric power from St. Louis/Bloomfield division. Basic cable service from Eastlink is not available on the road, but High speed internet from Aliant Telecom is available from civic addresses 550–900 on Route 159.

</doc>
<doc id="7011660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011660" title="Peterville">
Peterville



</doc>
<doc id="7011664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011664" title="WRVV">
WRVV

WRVV (97.3 FM, "The River 97.3") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and broadcasts a classic rock format. The station's studios and offices are located at 600 Corporate Circle in Harrisburg.
WRVV has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 15,000 watts. The transmitter antenna is on the WHP-TV broadcast tower on Blue Mountain in Susquehanna Township, Dauphin County at (). It uses the slogan is "Real. Rock. Variety". WRVV broadcasts using HD Radio technology. Its HD2 digital subchannel simulcasts the talk radio programming on sister station WHP (580 AM).
History.
WHP-FM.
On January 10, 1945, WHP, Inc. applied to the Federal Communications Commission for a construction permit for a new station on 43.5 MHz on the original 42-50 MHz FM broadcast band. After the FCC created the current FM band on June 27, 1945, the Commission granted the permit on November 21, 1945, while modifying it by reassigning the station to 97.3 MHz on the new FM band. The FCC then granted permission to begin broadcasting at any time beginning on March 18, 1946.
WHP, Inc operated the station under special temporary authority (STA) for several years, during which time numerous changes were made to the station's broadcast facilities. In June 6, 1946, the station first signed on with the WHP-FM call sign. Its power was only 4,300 watts. WHP-AM-FM originally simulcast their programming. WHP was a long-time CBS Radio Network affiliate, so the two stations carried CBS's dramas, comedies, news and sports during the "Golden Age of Radio". In the 1950s, WHP-FM duplicated WHP about 50% of the broadcast day, with the remainder devoted to instrumentals and some classical music programming. In addition to the two radio stations, a television station was added in 1953, Channel 21 WHP-TV.
In the 1960s, WHP-FM's programming split entirely from WHP (AM). Its format evolved to beautiful music, which would continue for more than two decades. The station played quarter-hour sweeps of soft instrumental music, including cover versions of popular adult hits, Broadway and Hollywood show tunes. In the late 1980s, however, the audience for soft instrumental music was aging and management decided a change was needed. By March 1988, WHP-FM had tweaked the format to "music-intensive soft adult contemporary". Central Pennsylvania already had several soft AC stations, including 101.3 WROZ and 103.3 WSBA-FM (now WARM-FM), so this format only lasted for two years.
WXBB.
In February 1990, the station switched its call letters to WXBB, and flipped to hot adult contemporary as "B97.3". The hot AC format was short-lived. In December 1990, the station returned to easy listening for another two years as WHP-FM.
In March 1992, WHP-AM-FM were sold to Pennsylvania Broadcasting Associates, a division of Dame Media, which separated the stations from WHP-TV. Studios were moved out of the WHP-TV building to their current location at 600 Corporate Circle in Harrisburg. The FM station went through numerous changes following the sale.
WRVV.
The call sign was changed to WRVV on March 16, 1992. The station's branding was switched to "The River 97.3". It was the first station in the country to be branded as "The River". WRVV's slogan was changed to "Rock and Roll without the Hard Edge". The station changed format to "rock adult contemporary".
The format played tracks from popular rock albums released over the previous 15 years intended for a general rock listener not interested in current titles. The station's Operations Manager at the time, Chris Tyler, created the format.
iHeartMedia ownership.
In August 1998, the Dame Media stations, including WHP and WRVV, were sold to Clear Channel Communications, the forerunner to iHeartMedia, Inc. The format changed to classic rock after the sale. In the mid-2000s, the station changed its slogan to "Real. Rock. Variety".
In 2004, WRVV and Cumulus Media's WNNK-FM were the first stations in Harrisburg to begin using HD Radio. Since the mid-1990s, WRVV and WNNK frequently trade the number one spot in Nielsen Audio's Harrisburg-Lebanon-Carlisle radio market.

</doc>
<doc id="7011666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011666" title="Peter Rd">
Peter Rd



</doc>
<doc id="7011670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011670" title="Joannes Jansson">
Joannes Jansson



</doc>
<doc id="7011672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011672" title="Babilu">
Babilu



</doc>
<doc id="7011673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011673" title="Johannes Jansson">
Johannes Jansson



</doc>
<doc id="7011680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011680" title="Kentucky Route 180">
Kentucky Route 180

Kentucky Route 180 (KY 180) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Kentucky. It serves as a connector route between US 60 and KY 3. It is two lanes from KY 3 to just south of I-64 and four lanes divided from just south of I-64 to US 60.
Route description.
KY 180 begins at an intersection with US 60 and KY 3294 about north of I-64 near Cannonsburg. It heads southeast running by Little Sandy River and passing by Boyd County High School, as well as a subdivision before forming a junction with I-64. The route then continues southeast for another and narrows down from four lanes to two lanes before terminating at the intersection of KY 3 in a rural area of Boyd County.
History.
The alignment from Interstate 64 to US 60 was constructed in the 1970s as part of an upgrade that included US 60 that would act as an urban penetrator from Interstate 64 to Ashland, Kentucky. KY 180's former two-lane highway is now known as KY 3291 which ends at its intersection with Kentucky Route 3294 (formerly U.S. Route 60 Alternate and before that The Midland Trail) in the Ashland suburb of Cannonsburg.
The Interstate 64 interchange previously featured higher-than-average accident levels. The four-lane divided highway narrowed from four lanes to two just shy of the interchange. Coupled with a sub-standard ramp system for Interstate 64 that featured short and steep ramps, and a loop that was not controlled by a traffic signal, it produced terrible consequences. Due to the increased volume, the interchange was reconstructed as a conventional diamond, and KY 180 was widened to four lanes divided from its present four-lane terminus to just shy of KY 3, its southern terminus. This project was completed in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="7011681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011681" title="Tru Walker">
Tru Walker



</doc>
<doc id="7011685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011685" title="Batwave">
Batwave



</doc>
<doc id="7011686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011686" title="Combustication">
Combustication

Combustication is the fifth (major label) release by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin &amp; Wood, coming out on August 11, 1998. "Combustication" was MMW's first album for Blue Note Records, and the first to include an accompanying turntablist (DJ Logic). "Combustication" features instrumental renditions of the Sly and the Family Stone hit "Everyday People", as well as the traditional Hawaiian tune "No Ke Ano Ahiahi."
Track listing.
All music by Medeski Martin &amp; Wood except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7011688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011688" title="With Great Power...">
With Great Power...

With Great Power... is a Silver Age superhero tabletop role-playing game by Michael S. Miller, independently published by Incarnadine Press. Its title comes from the oft-repeated line from Spider-Man's debut in "Amazing Fantasy" #15, "...with great power there must also come -- great responsibility."
The rules of the game are designed to encourage players to think in terms of what would benefit the story, rather than doing what would benefit the character. As such, "suffering" can aid a character by granting mechanical bonuses, such as putting more cards into the player's hand.
Structure of play.
Like most RPGs, "With Great Power..." has a gamemaster who will play the villains and decide on the order of scenes. Unlike in many RPGs, the gamemaster has no special referee function. The other players each create a superhero to play. Both heroes and villains are described through free-form traits, called Aspects.
During play the so-called Suffering of the various Aspects will increase and decrease. The gamemaster tries to increase the Suffering on the heroes' traits so that the villains can take control of the Aspects. The players will try to bring Suffering to the villains' aspects, in order to thwart their plans.
To increase tension, the accumulation of Suffering starts an inverted death spiral. That means that suffering Aspects become more powerful. The participants must therefore find a balance between protecting their Aspects and increasing their chances for success.
Play takes the form of a story arc that includes a certain number of villains and their respective plans. Each story arc is divided into five acts, each containing several scenes of play, with differing overall rules. The villains are stronger in the first act, but the heroes become stronger in the later acts. This is modeled after the dramatic structure of comic books. The villains' plans cannot be completed or averted before act five.
Scenes of play fall into two categories: "enrichment scenes", focusing on character development, and "conflict scenes", focusing on clashes between heroes and villains, or amongst the heroes themselves. The outcome of scenes is settled with standard playing cards.
Enrichment scenes "belong" to individual characters and players, though these can invite other players to participate in the scene, either as their character playing different non player characters. The hosting player has final say on what goes on in the scene, except that each scene will feature a conflict, with the stakes of each side defined by the hosting player and by their opposition, respectively. A player's opposition is the gamemaster, the gamemaster's is the players. Conflict scenes, on the other hand, is not the province of any one participant. One character "picks a fight" with another character, after which each player not already engaged in a conflict has a chance of picking a fight. A fight is between two characters only. If a character is engaged in combat with more than one opponent, he will have one separate "page of conflict" for each player. For each page of conflict, each player defines a set of stakes. The battle ends when one character is unable to best his opponents assault.

</doc>
<doc id="7011689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011689" title="Theodoor Jansson">
Theodoor Jansson



</doc>
<doc id="7011702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011702" title="Fort Saint James">
Fort Saint James



</doc>
<doc id="7011703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011703" title="Don't Give It Up (Lemar song)">
Don't Give It Up (Lemar song)

"Don't Give It Up" was the third single and final single taken from British R&amp;B singer Lemar's second album, "Time to Grow" (2004). Despite the song being remixed for single release, "Don't Give It Up" became Lemar's first song to miss the top 20 of the UK Singles Chart since the release of his debut, "Got Me Saying Ooh", in 2001. The song spent only four weeks within the UK top 75.
Background.
"Don't Give It Up" concerns the preservation of virginity and how young people should not give in to peer pressure regarding sexuality. The song was inspired by a woman Lemar met outside a school near Tottenham, his father's home. She had been skipping school to see her older boyfriend. Lemar and the woman spoke about their relationship and the situation regarding sexuality. He explained to her that if he truly loved and cared for her, he would wait and be patient and she should not feel the need to rush into anything that she did not want to get herself into.

</doc>
<doc id="7011715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011715" title="Chris &amp; John to the Rescue!">
Chris &amp; John to the Rescue!

Chris &amp; John to the Rescue! is a reality television series originally broadcast on the Canadian network OutTV in 2006. The series follows best friends and self-proclaimed "culture aficionados" Chris Carter and John Simpson as they come to the rescue of people in need of their unique services. "Chris &amp; John to the Rescue!" is the follow-up series to the hit show "Chris &amp; John's Road Trip!".
Season one of "Chris &amp; John to the Rescue!" began production in July 2006 after being delayed due to Shavick Entertainment's acquisition as majority shareholder of OUTtv. Filming locations included Toronto, Michigan, New Jersey, Vermont, New York City and Hawaii.
Season two began production in August, 2007 with most of the shooting taking place on location in Provincetown, Massachusetts. The season premiered on OutTV on 19 November 2007 at 10:00pm, EST. During the commercial breaks in the season's pilot episode, clips and interviews from the premier party (held at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre in Toronto, Ontario) were shown.
Season three began production in August, 2008. The premise for the season is a "summer camp" concept. Season three premiered on February 15, 2009 on OUTtv in Canada.
Episodes.
Season one.
Episode #101: "Gay Me Over!"
Chris &amp; John meet Brennan, a university student fresh out of the closet. Brennan's way off track when it comes to all things gay, so Chris &amp; John decide to find him a fag hag and give him a gay-over.
Episode #102: "Find Me a Match!"
Chris &amp; John meet Jamie, a most eligible teen bachelor. Jamie's way off track when it comes to love, so Chris and John decide to set him on a date with a supernatural twist.
Episode #103: "Save My Pride!"
Chris &amp; John meet Adam, the coordinator of a small-town pride. Adam's way off track when it comes to all things fundraising, so Chris &amp; John decide to stage a series of cash grabs that go awry.
Episode #104: "Write My Article!"
Chris &amp; John visit Xtra Magazine, who are in dire need of a replacement reporter to write an article on the bear community. Chris &amp; John are the ones who are way off track when their entry in a bear film festival doesn't exactly go over as planned.
Episode #105: "Chris &amp; John Rescue Christmas!"
In this special episode, Chris &amp; John are visited by three gurus of Christmas and attempt to bring Christmas spirit to the ultimate Scrooge, in hopes of saving his relationship with his holiday-obsessed boyfriend.
Episode #106: "Make Me A Star!"
Chris &amp; John meet Brian Doyle, an aspiring Broadway diva. Brian Doyle's way off track when it comes to pretty much everything, so Chris &amp; John decide to give him a crash course in what it takes to become a star.
Episode #107: "Show Me More!"
Chris &amp; John become camp counselors at Camp Mountain Meadow, a camp for children of gay &amp; lesbian parents. Plus, all of the lost scenes and hilarious behind-the-scenes of the entire season of Chris &amp; John to the Rescue!
Season two.
Episode #201: "Find Me A Fag!" Original Air Date: 19 November 2007
Chris and John meet Deidra, the ultimate fag hag, who is desperate for a new fag in her life. The dears set her up on dates with 4 potential candidates, after which one is crowned Deidra's new fag to her hag.
Episode #202: "Watch My Kids!" Original Air Date: 26 November 2007
Chris and John meet a gay married couple with children, who haven't had a moment to themselves in years. Thinking this is way off track, Chris &amp; John set the two up on "The Amazing Date", while they baby-sit their two five-year-old boys.
Episode #203: "Slim Down My Waistline!" Original Air Date: 3 December 2007
Chris and John meet three rescue candidates who are way off track when it comes to fitness &amp; health. After a vigorous training session, they compete against each other in a relay race, with the winner getting to fulfill their wildest dream!
Episode #204: "Get Me Engaged!" Original Air Date: 10 December 2007
Chris and John meet a Kendall, a lesbian who has dreams of giving her girlfriend the ultimate wedding proposal. In order to make this come true, Chris &amp; John must call upon some old friends for some much needed assistance!
Episode #205: "Make Me A Queen!" Original Air Date: 17 December 2007
Chris and John meet a gay who has always aspired to be a drag queen. Unfortunately for him, his Drag skills are way off track, and so it's Chris &amp; John to the rescue! But will a difference of opinion between Chris &amp; John sacrifice the success of their most challenging rescue mission yet?

</doc>
<doc id="7011718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011718" title="WQLV">
WQLV

WQLV (98.9 FM) is a hot adult contemporary music formatted radio station in Millersburg, Pennsylvania. The station is primarily intended to serve the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area. However, under the correct conditions (antenna quality, surroundings, weather, etc.), the station can be received with a nearly static-free stereo signal as far south as York, PA (about south of the transmitter). The station was assigned the WQLV call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on December 13, 1991.
A noteworthy fact about this station is that it features an "oldies/classic hits" (predominantly 1970s music) show on Sunday mornings, which is becoming considerably rare for AC stations. From 8 AM-12 noon on Sundays, the station broadcasts Dick Bartley's syndicated program "The Classic Countdown".
The station also broadcasts hourly news from ABC, as well as local high school sports (usually football and basketball) of schools in the Twin/Tri Valley League as well as the Mid Penn conference. Lead announcer Jeff Deitz and Color-Commentator Steven Heimbach anchor the weekly football broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="7011720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011720" title="Time To Grow (Lemar song)">
Time To Grow (Lemar song)



</doc>
<doc id="7011722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011722" title="Lego Knight's Kingdom">
Lego Knight's Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="7011733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011733" title="GPS rugby">
GPS rugby



</doc>
<doc id="7011735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011735" title="Wests (QLD rugby)">
Wests (QLD rugby)



</doc>
<doc id="7011737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011737" title="WROZ">
WROZ

WROZ (101.3 MHz) is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to Lancaster and serving South Central Pennsylvania. The station is owned and operated by the Educational Media Foundation and carries its Air1 Christian worship music radio format. WROZ's studios and offices were formerly located off Route 283 at 1996 Auction Road in Manheim.
WROZ's transmitter tower is co-located with former sister station WGAL-TV. It is off Tower Road in Hellam Township, York County at ().
History.
Early years.
On February 5, 1944, the Federal Communications Commission granted WGAL, Inc. a construction permit to build an FM station. WGAL 1490 AM was owned by John Steinman and James Steinman The new FM station would be on 45.5 MHz. The original FM band was found between 42-50 MHz.
The FCC created the current FM band on June 27, 1945. So the new FM station was reassigned to 92.7 MHz on July 29, 1946. On January 22, 1947, the station was granted the WGAL-FM call sign, and on June 27, 1947, the station was reassigned to 101.3 MHz.
The FCC granted WGAL-FM its first license on November 16, 1951.
WGAL-FM was a sister station to WGAL (1490 AM, now WRKY). In 1949, the region's first TV station also went on the air, WGAL-TV. The three stations were owned by the Steinman Family, which also owned two local daily newspapers, the "Intelligencer Journal" and the "Lancaster New Era". At first WGAL-FM simulcast its AM counterpart.
On May 21, 1959, WGAL, Inc., was granted a construction permit by the FCC to install a new transmitter for the FM station at the WGAL-TV tower in Hellam Township, York County and side-mount a new antenna on the TV tower. A new license with the updated facilities was granted on July 28, 1960.
Beautiful Music.
By the early 1970s, the station had switched its format to beautiful music, a format of soft instrumentals with limited talk and commercials. It competed with several other beautiful music outlets in the Lancaster and surrounding radio markets, including WHP-FM in Harrisburg (97.3 FM, now WRVV) and WSBA-FM in York (103.3 FM, now WARM-FM).
In March 1976, WGAL, Inc. sold WGAL-FM, along with WGAL (AM), to Hall Communications for $850,000. The effective date of the sale was February 17, 1977, when the FM station's license was voluntarily assigned to Hall Communications. The station's call sign was changed from WGAL-FM to WNCE that day. The station's branding was changed to "Nice 101." The station's easy listening format was not changed.
As the 1980s were ending, most easy listening stations around the country were trying to update their format. WSBA-FM in nearby York had switched to soft adult contemporary as WARM-FM. In response, WNCE began adding more vocals to its playlist.
Soft AC.
In 1992, the easy listening format came to an end. The station changed its call sign to WROZ on November 16, 1992. That was coupled with a switch to soft adult contemporary music, rebranding as "The Rose". Competitor WHP-FM in nearby Harrisburg had already abandoned its easy listening format in March 1992, switching to Rock Adult Contemporary as WRVV "The River".
On May 14, 2015, at 12pm, WROZ rebranded as "fun 101.3," as it flipped to a simple adult contemporary format. In addition, it promised to play "Always Six Songs In a Row, Always."
Sale to EMF.
On July 13, 2021, Hall Communications announced it would sell WROZ to the Educational Media Foundation (EMF) for $1.725 million. EMF already maintained a presence in South Central Pennsylvania through K-Love station WKHL (92.1) and a translator station in Carlisle for the Air1 network, but neither of those stations' signals put an adequate signal into the Lancaster or York areas. However, Air1 took place in South Central PA, not K-LOVE.
On September 2, EMF filed an application with the FCC to modify the status of the station's license from commercial to non-commercial. The FCC subsequently granted a reassignment of the station's license to EMF on September 15. The sale consummated on September 30, 2021. At 5 p.m. that day, after the station ran a "Farewell to Fun" week (also hammering in the finality, the DJs, who helmed the station right up to the final song, declared the celebration, and the final day specifically, as the "series finale" of Fun), WROZ temporarily went silent. The final song played on WROZ as "fun 101.3" was "These Are Days" by 10,000 Maniacs, followed by one final station identification before signing off.
Later in October, WROZ signed back on the air, this time broadcasting EMF's Air1 network.
Christmas music.
WROZ changed its format to all Christmas music each year for most of November and December, rebranding as "The Christmas Station." It returned to its regular format on December 26. 2020, marking its final months as a commercial AC station.
Signal note.
WROZ is short-spaced to three other Class B stations:
WBEB "B101.1" (licensed to serve Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) and WWDC "DC101" (licensed to serve Washington, D.C.) both operate on 101.1 MHz, a first adjacent channel to WROZ. The distance between WROZ's transmitter and WBEB's transmitter is 73 miles, while the distance between WROZ's transmitter and WWDC's transmitter is 75 miles, as determined by FCC rules. The minimum distance between two Class B stations operating on first adjacent channels according to current FCC rules is 105 miles.
WGGY "Froggy 101" (licensed to serve Scranton, Pennsylvania) operates on the same channel as WROZ and the distance between the stations' transmitters is 106 miles as determined by FCC rules. The minimum distance between two Class B stations operating on the same channel according to current FCC rules is 150 miles.

</doc>
<doc id="7011739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011739" title="Souths rugby">
Souths rugby



</doc>
<doc id="7011744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011744" title="Cita">
Cita

Cita or CITA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7011748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011748" title="Buffalo Stamping Plant">
Buffalo Stamping Plant

Buffalo Stamping Plant manufactures sheetmetal stampings and welded sub-assemblies for Ford Motor Company's automotive car and truck assembly plants in the USA, Canada and Mexico. The facility was opened in 1950 with of working floor space. It has had six major expansions and the facility is now at or of floor space. Buffalo Stamping is currently in the process of adding 30,000 square feet on to the structure.
The plant is located on an site at the Eastern end of Lake Erie near the city of Buffalo, New York. The facility processes over 1,700 tons of steel each day and ships an average of 100 rail cars of parts manufactured daily. During the year, over 425,000 tons of steel are received for manufacturing at the facility. The facility has 20 major press stamping lines that include several transfer presses which include some of the world's largest. One of those large transfer presses is the Schuler. This press is long, high from the basement to the top of the crown and weights in excess of 7,000,000 pounds. 
Buffalo Stamping supplies components to two Ford Motor Company assembly plants: Oakville Assembly in Ontario, which assembles the Ford Edge and Lincoln Nautilus; and Kentucky Truck Plant, which produces the Ford Expedition, Lincoln Navigator, and Ford Super Duty trucks.
The facility supplies a total of 15 facilities, including Ford assembly plants and Ford part distribution depots. The facility recently received a recommendation for endorsement to the International ISO 14001 Standard for Environmental Management Systems.
Buffalo Stamping Plant is the first major stamping facility in North America to receive this endorsement. Buffalo Stamping is also certified to ISO 9001 International Standard for Quality since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="7011751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011751" title="Here's to Shutting Up">
Here's to Shutting Up

Here's to Shutting Up is the eighth studio album by American indie rock band Superchunk. Brian Paulson, who served as co-producer, previously worked with the band on 1994's "Foolish".
The band left "Phone Sex" out of the initial performances of the accompanying tour; with the September 11, 2001 attacks a painfully fresh memory, the members felt uncomfortable performing a song featuring the lyrics "Plane crash footage on TV. I know, I know that could be me."
The title of the album is taken from the opening of the song "Out on the Wing."

</doc>
<doc id="7011756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011756" title="Barry &amp; Enright Productions">
Barry &amp; Enright Productions

Barry &amp; Enright Productions (also known as either Jack Barry-Dan Enright Productions or Jack Barry &amp; Dan Enright Productions and first known as Barry, Enright &amp; Friendly Productions) was a United States television production company that was formed in 1947 by Jack Barry and Dan Enright.
History.
Jack Barry and Dan Enright first met at radio station WOR in New York, where Barry was a staff announcer. Their first collaborations were "Juvenile Jury", a show which featured a panel of children, who came up with their takes on everyday problems and situations, which were submitted by listeners. This would be followed with "Life Begins at Eighty", which was essentially a geriatric version of the former. Both shows made their way to television in 1950.
Another children's show from Barry &amp; Enright was "Winky Dink and You", which engaged the young viewers to use their imaginations, as well as a special "magic slate"—a sheet of durable plastic that stuck to the TV screen via static electricity, which enabled the viewer to use crayons to "draw along" with Mr. Barry, as he told stories to the children. A kinescope of this series is available on the tape-trading circuit.
In 1953, Barry &amp; Enright created their first game show, "Back That Fact," hosted by Borscht Belt comedian and syndicated columnist Joey Adams.
In 1956 Barry &amp; Enright created the game shows "Twenty-One", which was created in response to the highly successful "The $64,000 Question", and "Tic-Tac-Dough". The company, along with Robert Noah, also created and produced the original version of "Concentration". Two years later "Twenty-One" was cancelled as part of the quiz show scandals, when it was revealed that the producers pre-arranged outcomes. The scandal led to federal legislation against the rigging of game shows and every form of competition show. In 1959 "Tic-Tac-Dough" was also canceled. Barry &amp; Enright were forced to sell their game shows to NBC, including "Concentration", "Twenty-One", "Dough Re Mi" and "Tic-Tac-Dough". The company later ceased to exist.
Comeback to television.
The pair, blacklisted in the United States, developed several game shows in Canada in the 1960s.
In 1967, Barry created a daytime game show "Everybody's Talking" which ran for 26 weeks on ABC. But because of his reputation, he received no public credit; it would be revived in 1973, with a slightly altered format, and re-titled "Hollywood's Talking". It ran for 13 weeks on CBS. In 1971, Dan Enright came back to television as executive producer for "All About Faces". After an unsuccessful stint working with former rivals Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, Jack Barry first staged a comeback as an emcee, replacing Dennis Wholey on the short-lived game show "The Generation Gap" in 1969. Barry then formed his own production company, which he named Jack Barry Productions, and in 1971 he sold "The Reel Game", which he also hosted, to ABC. Then in 1972, Barry resurrected his career by selling "The Joker's Wild" to CBS; the Barry-hosted series became a hit and lasted for three seasons on the network's daytime schedule before its 1975 cancellation. The series had been developed while Barry was still working for Goodson-Todman Productions and two pilots had been shot with Allen Ludden as host, but the series did not sell until Barry gained the rights to the series and took over as host. Barry's production company, however, did not put out any other hit series during this time, as evidenced by the short-lived "Hollywood's Talking" and "Blank Check".
Barry &amp; Enright Productions reformed.
In 1975, Barry hired Enright as a producer for "The Joker's Wild". After the series' cancellation the partnership was renewed and Barry &amp; Enright Productions was reformed, although the name Jack Barry Productions existed as in-name-only. The first series produced by the revived production company was "Break the Bank", a celebrity game show that originally aired on ABC in the spring of 1976 and later that year in syndication with Tom Kennedy (ABC) and Barry hosting. Barry and Enright then relaunched "The Joker's Wild" for first-run syndication in 1977, and the following year they reacquired the rights to their old 1950s series "Tic Tac Dough" from NBC, for CBS and syndication. Although "TTD" was cancelled by CBS, the syndicated version became a hit and ran until 1986. Barry &amp; Enright also produced "Bullseye" and "Play the Percentages" for syndication in 1980 and "Hot Potato" for NBC in 1984, which was their last series for a network. Although the production company was primarily known for game shows, it also worked on other projects such as the comedy films, "Private Lessons" (1981) and "Making Mr. Right" (1987) as well as CBS's "Jake's Way", a 1980 unsold Western drama series pilot starring Robert Fuller as Fox County Sheriff Jake Rudd, and the short-lived 1982–1983 syndicated investigative newsmagazine "Jack Anderson Confidential".
In 1984, the company stepped up their own motion picture activity in order to launch and develop various several projects, and had option rights for two novels in order to adapt to screen.
Aftermath.
In early 1984, Barry was preparing to retire from "The Joker's Wild" and hand the show over to Jim Peck, his substitute host, as well as take a less active role in the production company (as he was 65 when the year began). However, on May 2, 1984, he suffered a massive heart attack while jogging in New York's Central Park and died. With control of the company now solely in his hands, Enright decided to make several changes to Barry's policies and practices that he and several other staffers did not agree with. One of the bigger changes was to hire Bill Cullen, who had just finished hosting "Hot Potato", in place of Peck to host "The Joker's Wild".
Enright's changes dissatisfied several longtime employees, including producer Richard S. Kline and Barry's sons, Jon and Douglas. Kline left to form his own production company, Kline and Friends, and took Barry's sons and several other staffers with him including set designer John C. Mula and music composer Hal Hidey. Enright continued to run the company for several years after Barry's death and Kline's departure. But after both "Joker" and "Tic Tac Dough" went off the air in 1986, Barry &amp; Enright Productions failed to produce another hit series in America (although Enright and Wink Martindale co-produced a Canadian-based hit in "Bumper Stumpers" for the Global Television Network, which also aired in America on USA Network and in the UK, a series called "Chain Letters" co-produced by Action Time and Tyne Tees Television the same year for ITV).
On July 23, 1986, the company teamed up with television movie producer and book packager Les Alexander to start Barry &amp; Enright &amp; Alexander Productions to produce made-for-television movies and two-hour miniseries, and Les Alexander took a number of projects with them. On July 30, 1986, the company had bought out First Media, which was a distributor-publisher of electronic press kits, and producer-coordinator of press conferences that are conducted via satellite hookups, and the company would be folded into Barry &amp; Enright Productions in order to serve as a division of the studio.
The last program under the Barry &amp; Enright name was a short-lived revival of "Tic Tac Dough" hosted by Patrick Wayne in 1990. In 1991, the company was renamed Stafford-Enright Productions. Dan Enright died on May 22, 1992. Under the name Stafford-Enright, Susan Stafford executive produced a PBS documentary special "The Natural Solutions: Freedom of Choice and the FDA" in 1993.
Common practices.
Barry &amp; Enright game shows were known for certain practices that typically were the same across all shows produced by the company regardless of format. For instance, on "The Joker's Wild", "Tic-Tac-Dough", and "Bullseye", all contestants played until they were defeated (although in "The Joker's Wild"s case, when it aired on CBS, the network had imposed a $25,000 limit on winnings—this ruling was inclusive to all other game shows airing on CBS at the time) as well as for a brief period in the 1980s, where a winnings limit was in place where a contestant could be retired if they reached it. Five consecutive match wins meant the contestant would win a new car, and since contestants could continue until losing it was possible to win multiple cars (an example being Thom McKee, "Tic-Tac-Dough"s all-time winningest contestant, who won eight cars during his 43-match winning streak). Successor company Sony Pictures Television later used both practices on their "Jeopardy!" game show; from 1997 to 2003, contestants who retired after winning five consecutive matches won a car; that was abandoned in 2003 when the show adopted the rule allowing winning contestants to continue until losing, leading to 74, 32, and 20 game winners in the 16 years of that format. In 2009 "Family Feud" adopted the same format, families who win 5 consecutive shows in a row would receive a new car, regardless if they won every Fast Money round in their games or not. In addition, all combined winnings were in increments of $50 (with the exception of "The Joker's Wild", whose bonus game featured cash amounts beginning at $25).
Most of the Barry &amp; Enright series featured bonus games that were games of chance. Although the objective was different on each show that employed one of these chance games a similarity existed, where a contestant would have to avoid a hazard element that would cause the contestant to lose the round and all bonus winnings. If the contestant was able to complete the objective they would be rewarded with whatever cash they earned and a package of prizes that typically was worth at least double the cash amount they would win in the round.
Examples of these objectives:
Note that "Play the Percentages" (avoid the answer that was not in the top five answers), the 1990 "The Joker's Wild" (60-second round, and players spun to match windows based on how many spins were won in the first half), and later years of "Bumper Stumpers" (solve multiple plates) did not use the practice.
Employees.
Employees have included Susan Stafford who was vice president for public relations and Enright's love interest. Another noted staffer was Louis M. Heyward, who was vice president for development. Heyward is the father of Andy Heyward, who was chairman and chief executive officer of DIC Entertainment (now WildBrain) and is currently the CEO of Genius Brands. Barry's sons Jonathan and Douglas Barry, his daughter Barbara Barry, Dan Diana, Chris Sohl, Gary Cox, Mark Maxwell-Smith (who co-created "Bumper Stumpers"), Mark Phillips and Ron Greenberg (who, on and off, was also an independent producer; he may be best known for "The Who, What, or Where Game") were prominent employees of Barry &amp; Enright.
Robert Noah and Howard Felsher, who were producers of "Twenty-One" and "Tic-Tac-Dough" respectively, saw their careers revived several years after the quiz show scandals faded from the public's memory, with Noah first working for Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, as producer on the original "Match Game", then working for many years with Heatter-Quigley Productions, as executive producer on several of their shows, beginning with the original version of "The Hollywood Squares". From there, he finished his career with Reg Grundy Productions, on shows like "Scrabble". Noah also wrote a novel, a fictionalized account of the quiz show scandals, "All The Right Answers", in 1988. Felsher also went to work for Goodson-Todman, where he was the producer for the second version of "Password", which aired on ABC-TV. In 1976, he was executive producer of the original version of "Family Feud", where at times during the show's run, he and host Richard Dawson clashed.
As mentioned above, Barry &amp; Enright producer (and frequent director) Richard S. Kline, set designer John C. Mula, music composer Hal Hidey (even though "Tic-Tac-Dough" and "The Joker's Wild" would continue to use his music package), and Barry's sons Jon and Douglas would leave the company, following Jack Barry's death, to form Kline &amp; Friends, where they would co-produce the game shows, "Win, Lose or Draw" and "3rd Degree", with Burt Reynolds and Bert Convy. Gary Cox left following Barry's death to join Reg Grundy Productions, which was adjacent to Barry &amp; Enright in Century City, as an associate producer of "Sale of the Century". Ron Greenberg departed Barry &amp; Enright a year before to produce other game show projects. Barry's sons, Jon and Douglas, also worked for Kline &amp; Friends following their father's death, helping to produce "Break the Bank" (unrelated to B&amp;E's earlier show of the same name; this show suffered numerous backstage issues regarding Kline and the show's original host Gene Rayburn, who quit 14 weeks in), "Strike it Rich" and the 1990 revival of "The Joker's Wild". Mula would return to the company during the summer of 1989 to design the set for "Pictionary" and again in 1990 for the "Tic Tac Dough" revival.
Longtime Chuck Barris game show announcer Johnny Jacobs, a longtime friend of Jack Barry's, was the primary announcer of all Jack Barry-produced and Barry &amp; Enright produced-game shows from 1972 to 1977, while working on Barris' "The Newlywed Game", "The Dating Game" and "The Gong Show", among others. In 1977, a year after "Let's Make a Deal" went off the air, its announcer Jay Stewart replaced Jacobs as its primary announcer for four years, and was also its primary spokesman for all Barry &amp; Enright projects outside of the game show world. Jacobs, who died in 1982, did fill in for a few months during the 1978–79 season of "The Joker's Wild", and in addition, Johnny Gilbert was also used as a fill-in. Bob Hilton was also used as a fill-in announcer towards the final weeks of the 1979–80 season.
In 1981, Stewart left Barry &amp; Enright Productions following his daughter's suicide. He was replaced by Charlie O'Donnell, who at the time had just finished a five-year run as announcer for "Wheel of Fortune". O'Donnell announced for "The Joker's Wild", "Bullseye", "Tic Tac Dough", and "Hot Potato" during his time with the company, and left after the 1985–86 season. Again, Johnny Gilbert filled in for O'Donnell on occasion, as well as John Harlan.
Besides Barry, some of the hosts Barry &amp; Enright Productions employed during its existence were:
In addition, Jim Perry, Peter Tomarken, Patrick Wayne and Bill Rafferty were given auditions for future game show pilots, none of which were produced. Wayne was eventually chosen to host the aforementioned short-lived 1990 version of "Tic Tac Dough", which was the last Barry &amp; Enright production prior to Enright's folding of the company in 1991.
Ownership of properties.
On December 2, 1992, SPE made a deal to acquire the Barry &amp; Enright game show library. The deal was completed on December 7, 1992.
Today, the pre-scandal library is owned by NBCUniversal Television Distribution and the post-scandal library is owned by Sony Pictures Television.
However, there are a few exceptions: the 1950s version of "Tic-Tac-Dough" is owned by NBC Universal, the 1950s version of "Winky Dink and You" is owned by its creators, Harry W. Pritchett and Edwin Brit Wyckoff, the 1958–1973 original version of "Concentration" is co-owned by Fremantle, and the 1989 kids' version of "Pictionary" is held by NBCUniversal Television Studio through their ownership of the MCA library. The Walt Disney Company owns the global rights to the 1980 unsold television Western crime drama series pilot "Jake's Way" on behalf of Disney Television Studios via 20th Television.
Titles by Barry &amp; Enright Productions.
Owned by Sony Pictures Television.
Barry &amp; Enright Productions.
"Note": Denotes series (*) distributed by Colbert Television Sales

</doc>
<doc id="7011758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011758" title="Grammy Awards 2001">
Grammy Awards 2001



</doc>
<doc id="7011760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011760" title="Lower Whatley">
Lower Whatley



</doc>
<doc id="7011761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011761" title="WFVY">
WFVY

WFVY (100.1 FM, "Froggy Valley 100.1") is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Lebanon, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Seven Mountains Media, through licensee Southern Belle Media Family, LLC, with a country music format. WFVY also broadcasts local high school sporting events and Hershey Bears hockey games.
WFVY shares studios with sister station WLBR (1270 AM). Both stations were owned by the Lebanon Broadcasting Company prior to their sale to Forever Media in 2020 and Seven Mountains Media in 2022.
History.
The Federal Communications Commission granted Lebanon Broadcasting Company a construction permit for a new FM station on 104.1 MHz on July 26, 1947, with the WLBR-FM call sign. The station signed on for the first time in 1948. On March 24, 1949, the FCC reassigned the station to 100.1 MHz. The FCC then granted the station its first license on April 15, 1949.
The station's call sign was changed to WUFM effective October 29, 1974. The format changed to soft rock.
On November 27, 1992, the station changed call signs to WQIC, rebranded as "Q-100" and changed to a Top-40/hot AC hybrid format. "Q-100" was an affiliate of Open House Party. In March 1997, the station dropped the "Q-100" branding and returned to an adult contemporary format.
After over 70 years of family ownership, Lebanon Broadcasting president Robert Etter announced on August 23, 2019, that he would be selling WLBR and WQIC to Holidaysburg-based Forever Media for $1.225 million. The transaction was finalized on December 31, 2019.
On February 25, 2020, the station's call sign was changed to WFVY. Despite this, the station continued to use WQIC in its branding for a short time. On May 19, 2020, WFVY changed formats from adult contemporary to country, branded as "Froggy Valley 100.1".
It was announced on October 12, 2022, that Forever Media was selling 34 stations, including WFVY and WLBR, to State College-based Seven Mountains Media for $17.375 million. The deal closed on January 1, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7011762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011762" title="July war">
July war



</doc>
<doc id="7011764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011764" title="Strange wilderness">
Strange wilderness



</doc>
<doc id="7011776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011776" title="Chengtoushan culture">
Chengtoushan culture



</doc>
<doc id="7011777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011777" title="Grammy Awards 2000">
Grammy Awards 2000



</doc>
<doc id="7011799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011799" title="Dinergy">
Dinergy



</doc>
<doc id="7011817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011817" title="Grammy Awards 2002">
Grammy Awards 2002



</doc>
<doc id="7011819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011819" title="Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas">
Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas



</doc>
<doc id="7011824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011824" title="Biotechnology in pharmaceutical manufacturing">
Biotechnology in pharmaceutical manufacturing

 
Biotechnology is the use of living organisms to develop useful products. Biotechnology is often used in pharmaceutical manufacturing. Notable examples include the use of bacteria to produce things such as insulin or human growth hormone. Other examples include the use of transgenic pigs for the creation of hemoglobin in use of humans. 
Human Insulin.
 Amongst the earliest uses of biotechnology in pharmaceutical manufacturing is the use of recombinant DNA technology to modify "Escherichia coli" bacteria to produce human insulin, which was performed at Genentech in 1978. Prior to the development of this technique, insulin was extracted from the pancreas glands of cattle, pigs, and other farm animals. While generally efficacious in the treatment of diabetes, animal-derived insulin is not indistinguishable from human insulin, and may therefore produce allergic reactions. Genentech researchers produced artificial genes for each of the two protein chains that comprise the insulin molecule. The artificial genes were "then inserted... into plasmids... among a group of genes that" are activated by lactose. Thus, the insulin-producing genes were also activated by lactose. The recombinant plasmids were inserted into "Escherichia coli" bacteria, which were "induced to produce 100,000 molecules of either chain A or chain B human insulin." The two protein chains were then combined to produce insulin molecules.
Human growth hormone.
Prior to the use of recombinant DNA technology to modify bacteria to produce human growth hormone, the hormone was manufactured by extraction from the pituitary glands of cadavers, as animal growth hormones have no therapeutic value in humans. Production of a single year's supply of human growth hormone required up to fifty pituitary glands, creating significant shortages of the hormone. In 1979, scientists at Genentech produced human growth hormone by inserting DNA coding for human growth hormone into a plasmid that was implanted in Escherichia coli bacteria. The gene that was inserted into the plasmid was created by reverse transcription of the mRNA found in pituitary glands to complementary DNA. HaeIII, a type of restriction enzyme which acts at restriction sites "in the 3' noncoding region" and at the 23rd codon in complementary DNA for human growth hormone, was used to produce "a DNA fragment of 551 base pairs which includes coding sequences for amino acids 24–191 of HGH." Then "a chemically synthesized DNA 'adaptor' fragment containing an ATG initiation codon..." was produced with the codons for the first through 23rd amino acids in human growth hormone. The "two DNA fragments... [were] combined to form a synthetic-natural 'hybrid' gene." The use of entirely synthetic methods of DNA production to produce a gene that would be translated to human growth hormone in Escherichia coli would have been exceedingly laborious due to the significant length of the amino acid sequence in human growth hormone. However, if the cDNA reverse transcribed from the mRNA for human growth hormone were inserted directly into the plasmid inserted into the Escherichia coli, the bacteria would translate regions of the gene that are not translated in humans, thereby producing a "pre-hormone containing an extra 26 amino acids" which might be difficult to remove.
Human blood clotting factors.
Prior to the development and FDA approval of a means to produce human blood clotting factors using recombinant DNA technologies, human blood clotting factors were produced from donated blood that was inadequately screened for HIV. Thus, HIV infection posed a significant danger to patients with hemophilia who received human blood clotting factors: Most reports indicate that 60 to 80 percent of patients with hemophilia who were exposed to factor VIII concentrates between 1979 and 1984 are seropositive for HIV by [the] Western blot assay. As of May 1988, more than 659 patients with hemophilia had AIDS...
The first human blood clotting factor to be produced in significant quantities using recombinant DNA technology was Factor IX, which was produced using transgenic Chinese hamster ovary cells in 1986. Lacking a map of the human genome, researchers obtained a known sequence of the RNA for Factor IX by examining the amino acids in Factor IX:Microsequencing of highly purified... [Factor IX] yielded sufficient amino acid sequence to construct oligonucleotide probes.
The known sequence of Factor IX RNA was then used to search for the gene coding for Factor IX in a library of the DNA found in the human liver, since it was known that blood clotting factors are produced by the human liver:A unique oligonucleotide... homologous to Factor IX mRNA... was synthesized and labeled... The resultant probe was used to screen a human liver double-stranded cDNA library... Complete two-stranded DNA sequences of the... [relevant] cDNA... contained all of the coding sequence COOH-terminal of the eleventh codon (11) and the entire 3'-untranslated sequence.
This sequence of cDNA was used to find the remaining DNA sequences comprising the Factor IX gene by searching the DNA in the X chromosome:A genomic library from a human XXXX chromosome was prepared... and screen[ed] with a Factor IX cDNA probe. Hybridizing recombinant phage were isolated, plaque-purified, and the DNA isolated. Restriction mapping, Southern analysis, and DNA sequencing permitted identification of five recombinant phage-containing inserts which, when overlapped at common sequences, coded the entire 35kb Factor IX gene.
Plasmids containing the Factor IX gene, along with plasmids with a gene that codes for resistance to methotrexate, were inserted into Chinese hamster ovary cells via transfection. Transfection involves the insertion of DNA into a eukaryotic cell. Unlike the analogous process of transformation in bacteria, transfected DNA is not ordinarily integrated into the cell's genome, and is therefore not usually passed on to subsequent generations via cell division. Thus, in order to obtain a "stable" transfection, a gene which confers a significant survival advantage must also be transfected, causing the few cells that did integrate the transfected DNA into their genomes to increase their population as cells that did not integrate the DNA are eliminated. In the case of this study, "grow[th] in increasing concentrations of methotrexate" promoted the survival of stably transfected cells, and diminished the survival of other cells.
The Chinese hamster ovary cells that were stably transfected produced significant quantities of Factor IX, which was shown to have substantial coagulant properties, though of a lesser degree than Factor IX produced from human blood:The specific activity of the recombinant Factor IX was measured on the basis of direct measurement of the coagulant activity... The specific activity of recombinant Factor IX was 75 units/mg... compared to 150 units/mg measured for plasma-derived Factor IX...
In 1992, the FDA approved Factor VIII produced using transgenic Chinese hamster ovary cells, the first such blood clotting factor produced using recombinant DNA technology to be approved.
Transgenic farm animals.
Recombinant DNA techniques have also been employed to create transgenic farm animals that can produce pharmaceutical products for use in humans. For instance, pigs that produce human hemoglobin have been created. While blood from such pigs could not be employed directly for transfusion to humans, the hemoglobin could be refined and employed to manufacture a blood substitute. 
Paclitaxel (Taxol).
Bristol-Myers Squibb manufactures paclitaxel using "Penicillium raistrickii" and plant cell fermentation (PCF).
Artemisinin.
Transgenic yeast are used to produce artemisinin, as well as a number of insulin analogs.

</doc>
<doc id="7011829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011829" title="Supreme Truth Sect">
Supreme Truth Sect



</doc>
<doc id="7011831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011831" title="Storm Riders (1982 film)">
Storm Riders (1982 film)

Storm Riders is a 1982 film by David Lourie, Jack McCoy and Dick Hoole, featuring some of the world's best surfers and the world's champion windsurfers. The film was produced by "Hoole/McCoy Films" in association with "Rip Curl Wetsuits", and "L.K. Communications".
The documentary was filmed in Sumatra, Java, Bali, Africa, Hawaii and Australia.
"Storm Riders" was digitally remastered and re-released in 2007 to celebrate the movie's 25th anniversary.
Soundtrack.
LP EMI EMX-112
Film soundtrack compiled by Hugh Rule and Brett Goldsmith.
Track Listing: (Aus)
Track Listing: (US version)

</doc>
<doc id="7011833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011833" title="Grammy Awards 2003">
Grammy Awards 2003



</doc>
<doc id="7011834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011834" title="Dillerville, Pennsylvania">
Dillerville, Pennsylvania

Dillerville or Dillersville is an extinct hamlet in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Dillerville was established between the Harrisburg and Manheim pikes, at the intersection of the Lancaster and Reading railroads.
It is sometimes called Dillerville, and sometimes called Dillersville. The USPS database uses the singular spelling for Dillerville Road, as does Mapquest's database. Searching on Google shows the singular spelling to be about six times as popular.
The Dillerville name lives on in the Conrail maintenance yard in Lancaster, a wetlands known as the Dillerville swamp, and in Dillerville Road.
According to an 1855 publication, the Pennsylvania Railroad, double-tracked, runs east from Dillerville to Philadelphia and west to Columbia; at Dillerville, there is a junction with the "Harrisburg, Portsmouth, Mount Joy and Lancaster Railroad", which extends to Harrisburg.
An 1864 atlas of Lancaster County shows six property owners in Dillerville: Benjamin Herr, Henry Huber, Hy Holl, Patrick McLaughlin, Samuel Ruth, and Emil Shober. Lue E. Huber, age 42, died in Dillerville on April 16, 1893 and Viola Keith, age 1 year, on Mar 1, 1888 according to inscriptions on their headstones.
In the Lancaster County Historical Society Vol. 53, No. 3, p. 87 a list of teachers for the one-room schoolhouse is given as:
In 1999, students from the Lancaster Academy planted more than 500 wetland plants, including buttonbush, soft-stem bullrush, water iris and silky dogwood in an wetland near Red Rose Commons, known as the Dillerville Swamp.
Geography.
Dillersville is located at (40.057222,-76.321667), and is above mean sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="7011838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011838" title="FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship">
FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship

The FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship, called the FIVB Volleyball Men's Junior World Championship between 2007 and 2011, is the world championship of volleyball for male players under the age of 21 organized by "Fédération Internationale de Volleyball" (FIVB).
The first edition was staged in 1977 in Brazil and tournaments have been played every four years for the first three editions and every two years since then. The most recent tournament was hosted by Bahrain in the city of Manama and won by Iran.
In July 2023, FIVB announced the increase of teams from 16 to 24 and that the tournament would be staged in even-numbered years starting in 2026 in combination with the U17 World Championships, to ensure progressive participation of athletes in their respective age group categories. Subsequently, FIVB decided to discard the 2026 edition, so that after 2025 the next tournament would be in 2028 in order not to congest the calendar of the age group championships.
Russia is the most successful nation in the tournament's history, with six titles and three runners-up. Brazil is the second most successful with four titles and six runners-up.
A corresponding tournament for female players is the FIVB Volleyball Women's U21 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="7011845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011845" title="Grammy Awards 2004">
Grammy Awards 2004



</doc>
<doc id="7011847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011847" title="Jetstream (roller coaster)">
Jetstream (roller coaster)

The Jetstream was a roller coaster located at Riverview Park in Chicago. It was built in 1964 and demolished only three years later in 1967 when the park abruptly went under. The Jetstream, which was built to replace the park's aging Greyhound roller coaster, was not yet paid off when demolished. The ride was shorter than its predecessor, the Greyhound. The ride was not as profitable as some of its more wild cousins, such as The Bobs, and The Comet.
Jetstream was designed by coaster designer John C. Allen and built by Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters.
The ride was rumored to have been reassembled at a park in Rockford, Illinois after the sudden closure of Riverview, but for whatever reason, the deal fell through. The trains, for a short time, were used on Thunder Road at Carowinds, but have since been destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="7011849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011849" title="Peterville, Prince Edward Island">
Peterville, Prince Edward Island

Peterville (also known as Peter Road) is a small community located on Route 159 from 2.01 – 3.78 miles SW of Tignish, in the Lot 1 township. Peterville is within the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, in Eastern Canada. The community is home to "Harper's Brook", a tributary to the "Tignish River", which runs from Tignish to DeBlois. It is home to approximately 20 people. The name "Peterville" is believed to have come from an explorer, Peters, who visited the area in the 18th century or later.

</doc>
<doc id="7011853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011853" title="Seven lakes basin">
Seven lakes basin



</doc>
<doc id="7011855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011855" title="1981 World Endurance Championship">
1981 World Endurance Championship

The 1981 World Sportscar Championship season was the 29th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing. It featured the 1981 FIA World Endurance Championship which was contested over a fifteen race series which ran from 31 January to 27 September. The former World Challenge for Endurance Drivers was renamed to the World Endurance Championship of Drivers for 1981 and the World Championship of Makes was renamed to the World Endurance Championship of Makes. Bob Garretson won the World Endurance Championship of Drivers and Lancia was awarded the World Endurance Championship of Makes.
Schedule.
World Endurance Championship of Drivers was contested over all fifteen races however only six of the races counted towards the World Endurance Championship of Makes.
Season results.
Although various classes of cars contested the championship races, only the overall race winners are listed in the table below.
World Endurance Championship of Drivers.
The World Endurance Championship of Drivers was open to FIA Group 1, Group 2, Group 3, Group 4, Group 5, Group 6, Group C and GTP cars and to IMSA GTX, IMSA GTP, IMSA AAGT, IMSA GTO, IMSA GTU and IMSA RS cars.
Drivers Championship points were awarded on a 20-19-18-17-16-15-14-13-12-11-10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first twenty overall finishers at each round.
Bonus points were also awarded as follows:
Only half points were awarded at the shortened Nürburgring round. All points scored were retained towards the championship totals.
Results.
A total of 371 drivers scored points in the 1981 World Endurance Championship of Drivers.
World Endurance Championship of Makes.
The World Endurance Championship of Makes was open FIA Group 1, Group 2, Group 3, Group 4 and Group 5 cars and to IMSA GTX cars.
Cars from all eligible groups were combined, and then divided into two Divisions based on engine capacity.
Points were awarded on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the top ten places in each Division at each race.
Only the best placed car of each make in each division at each race was eligible to score points.
Cars from groups not included in the championship (e.g. FIA Group 6 cars) were disregarded when assessing divisional positions for championship purposes.
Only half points were awarded for the shortened Nurburgring race.
The best five round results could be retained by each make.
Results.
The overall World Endurance Championship of Makes title was won by Lancia. Although both Lancia and Porsche scored 100 points from their best five class results, Lancia was awarded the title based on its six divisional victories against the five scored by Porsche .

</doc>
<doc id="7011859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011859" title="UTIOG">
UTIOG



</doc>
<doc id="7011861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011861" title="Grammy Awards 2005">
Grammy Awards 2005



</doc>
<doc id="7011868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011868" title="Dairy goat">
Dairy goat



</doc>
<doc id="7011870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011870" title="Grammy Awards 2006">
Grammy Awards 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7011875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011875" title="Shrek 3 trailer">
Shrek 3 trailer



</doc>
<doc id="7011880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011880" title="Guanaco hip hop">
Guanaco hip hop



</doc>
<doc id="7011883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011883" title="Ptyctodontida">
Ptyctodontida

The ptyctodontids ("folded-teeth") are placoderms of the order Ptyctodontida, containing the family Ptyctodontidae. With their big heads, big eyes, reduced armor and long bodies, the ptyctodontids bore a superficial resemblance to modern day chimaeras (Holocephali). Their armor was reduced to a pattern of small plates around the head and neck. Like the extinct and related acanthothoracids, and the living and unrelated holocephalians, most of the ptyctodontids are thought to have lived near the sea bottom and preyed on shellfish.
On account of their radically reduced armor, some paleontologists have suggested that the Ptyctodontida were not actually placoderms, but actual holocephalians, some primitive group of elasmobranch fish, or even were the ancestors of the holocephalians, including the chimaeras. Thorough anatomical examinations of whole fossil specimens reveal that the profound similarities between these two groups are actually very superficial. The major differences between them were that holocephalians have shagreen on their skin and ptyctodontids did not, that the armored plates and scales of holocephalians are made of dentine, and the armored plates and scales of ptyctodontids were made of bone, the anatomy of the craniums of holocephalians is more similar to sharks, and that of ptyctodontids were more similar to those of other placoderms, and, most importantly, the holocephalians have true teeth, while the ptyctodonts had beak-like tooth-plates.
The Ptyctodontida were the only known group of placoderms that were recognizably sexually dimorphic, in that the males had hook-like growths on their pelvic fins that were analogous to the clasping organs found in male sharks, and chimaeras. Paleontologists believe that the males of the ancestral placoderm had pelvic claspers, but the claspers were lost in the evolutionary development of each of the placoderm orders, save for the ptyctodontids (there are too few whole specimens of the primitive "Stensioella heintzi" to tell if the males of that species had claspers or not).
Because they had reduced armor, the ptyctodontids were once thought to be the most primitive of the placoderms. Indeed, there has been the idea that the placoderms had a gradient, of sorts, from the least armored, and most primitive forms, to the heavily armored, most advanced forms. During the 1980s and '90's, ptyctodont skulls were compared with skulls from other orders. From these analyses, this idea of a gradient from least armored to most armored in placoderms was discarded. Now, the ptyctodonts are regarded as the sister group of the Arthrodira and Phyllolepida.

</doc>
<doc id="7011890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011890" title="Emil Blonsky">
Emil Blonsky



</doc>
<doc id="7011893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011893" title="WRTS">
WRTS

WRTS (103.7 FM, "Star 104") is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania. WRTS's studios are located in the Boston Store building in downtown Erie while its transmitter is located near Knoyle Rd and Dewey Rd. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, and its 50,000 watt signal has a large coverage area stretching from Geneva-on-the-Lake, Ohio to Dunkirk, New York, as well the station can be heard across Lake Erie in parts of the Canadian province of Ontario.
WRTS is one of the most popular stations in the Erie area, and has been nominated for Top 40/CHR Station Of The Year: Markets 101+ at the Radio and Records conventions in both 2006 and 2007. Some of the syndicated shows that WRTS airs are "Elvis Duran and the Morning Show" (Monday to Friday), "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" (Monday to Friday), "The New Hit List" (Monday to Friday nights), "American Top 40" (Sundays), "On the Move" "with Enrique Santos" (Saturdays), "Most Requested Live with Romeo" (Saturday nights), "iHeartRadio Countdown" (Sundays)"," and "KPOP With JoJo" (Sunday nights), all from iHeart's Premiere Networks subsidiary.
As WCCK, the station was previously known for being one of the last holdout Top-40 stations to compile its own record chart for airplay purposes; as such, several local hits that became popular in Erie but failed to break through nationwide got substantial airplay on WCCK in the 1980s as "K104".
On March 27, 2019, Connoisseur Media announced that it would transfer WRTS along with its sister stations to iHeartMedia in exchange for WFRE and WFMD in the Frederick, Maryland market from the Aloha Station Trust. The sale closed on May 20, 2019.
On January 5, 2021, Star 104 began airing Elvis Duran for mornings which replaced "The Star 104 Morning Show".

</doc>
<doc id="7011895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011895" title="The Golden Years (1960 film)">
The Golden Years (1960 film)

The Golden Years is a 1960 American sponsored film promoting bowling as a family sport. It features a populuxe bowling alley where a family of four is having fun. It is a notable populuxe film. It was made by the Jam Handy Organization. It is in the public domain.
This short, along with many others considered to be time-capsule chronicles of their period, has been frequently classified as camp and shown as filler within Turner Classic Movies' Saturday night–Sunday morning film showcase series, TCM Underground.
Plot summary.
Promotional film which demonstrates Brunswick Gold Crown line of bowling alley recreational seats, ball returns, foul buzzers, subway returns and inline units, hand dryers, power lifts and overhead projectors, classic beauty and twin line masking units and automatic pinsetter machines.

</doc>
<doc id="7011901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011901" title="Modesty board">
Modesty board



</doc>
<doc id="7011909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011909" title="Rhoda S. Jacobs">
Rhoda S. Jacobs

Rhoda S. Jacobs (born September 29, 1936) is an American politician from New York. A Democrat, she was until 2014 a member of the New York State Assembly from the 42nd Assembly District in Brooklyn, which primarily includes the neighborhoods of Flatbush, Brooklyn and Midwood.
A Brooklyn native and a graduate of Brooklyn College, Assemblywoman Jacobs was originally elected to the then 43rd District in 1978. Jacobs faced a difficult re-election in 1982 after the Assembly districts were re-apportioned to increase African-American and Hispanic representation in the Legislature. Jacobs ended up in the new 42nd District where she prevailed and remained there until 2014, sitting in the 183rd, 184th, 185th, 186th, 187th, 188th, 189th, 190th, 191st, 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th, 196th, 197th, 198th, 199th and 200th New York State Legislatures.
She served at times as the Assistant Speaker of the New York State Assembly, as Assistant Speaker pro tempore and Chairwoman of the Majority Program Committee as well as the Social Services Committee, which latter positions she occupied for two and twelve years respectively.
In the past, she has also served as the Chair of the Assembly Committee on Oversight, Analysis and Investigation and the Task Force on Food, Farm and Nutrition Policy. In 1997, Jacobs was appointed as Chairwoman of the Budget Conference Committee on Health and Human Services.
In addition to these positions within the Assembly, she has also served as an officer for the National Association of State Legislators and as an elected delegate to other national legislative bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="7011922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011922" title="Ptyctodont">
Ptyctodont



</doc>
<doc id="7011924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011924" title="Canute of England">
Canute of England



</doc>
<doc id="7011927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011927" title="Spalding Hall">
Spalding Hall

Spalding Hall is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bardstown, Kentucky. It was built in conjunction with the Basilica of St. Joseph Proto-Cathedral. The hall was originally built in 1826 and named for Bishop Martin John Spalding.
It was the main building of St. Joseph's College, a Catholic college in the 19th century, which was the first Catholic college in Kentucky. The current building was built in 1839 to replace the previous building, which had been destroyed in a fire. The college was closed during the American Civil War and the building briefly served as a hospital for Union soldiers.
It served as St. Joseph's Preparatory School from about 1911 until 1968.
The building houses the Oscar Getz Museum of Whiskey History and the Bardstown Historical Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="7011929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011929" title="Acanthothoracids">
Acanthothoracids



</doc>
<doc id="7011938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011938" title="Acanthoracid">
Acanthoracid



</doc>
<doc id="7011944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011944" title="Congo-Brazza">
Congo-Brazza



</doc>
<doc id="7011947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011947" title="Mecone">
Mecone



</doc>
<doc id="7011955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011955" title="It's Not That Easy">
It's Not That Easy

"It's Not That Easy" is the first single taken from British R&amp;B singer Lemar's third album "The Truth About Love".
Before the single's release, "It's Not That Easy" made the top 3 of the UK radio airplay chart and the top 10 of the TV airplay chart. The week prior to the single's physical release, "It's Not That Easy" entered the top 75 at #41 on downloads alone. In its second week on the chart, once the physical CD and vinyl formats were in store, the single launched Lemar back into the top ten of the UK singles chart, after his previous single, "Don't Give It Up", peaked outside the top twenty. "It's Not That Easy" peaked at #7.
"It's not that easy" was first released in Norwegian with the title "Eventyrlandet" (Fairytale land) that Fredrik Friis composed for the child artist Eivind Løberg in the 1970s.
Track listings.
"Side A"
"Side B"

</doc>
<doc id="7011987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011987" title="Lipovan Russian Community of Romania">
Lipovan Russian Community of Romania



</doc>
<doc id="7011995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7011995" title="Red Rocker">
Red Rocker

Red Rocker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7012045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012045" title="Shadowfox">
Shadowfox



</doc>
<doc id="7012052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012052" title="Tales From the Dead West">
Tales From the Dead West



</doc>
<doc id="7012061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012061" title="The Nanette Fabray Show">
The Nanette Fabray Show



</doc>
<doc id="7012062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012062" title="Dee Roscioli">
Dee Roscioli

 Danielle Marie Roscioli (born July 20, 1977) is an American singer and actress, who is known for her performances as Elphaba in the Broadway, Chicago, San Francisco, and national touring productions of the musical "Wicked".
Early life and education.
Roscioli was born on July 20, 1977, in Easton, Pennsylvania. In 1995, she graduated from Wilson Area High School in Easton. At Wilson High School, she competed in track and field, hockey, and was involved in chorus, SADD, student council, and yearbook. She was a peer helper, new student guide, a member of homecoming court, and qualified for district chorus. For all four years of high school, she participated in drama, and her yearbook states her plans were to attend a four-year college and major in theater. 
She attended DeSales University in Center Valley, Pennsylvania, where she graduated in 1999. While at DeSales, she performed in Act One's production of "The Music Man" as Marian Paroo and as the beggar woman in "".
Career.
From 2000 to 2001, Roscioli originated a lead role in a national touring production of "Pokémon Live!" as Delia Ketchum and also contributed to the soundtrack in songs such as "I've Got a Secret" and "Everything Changes".
Roscioli was cast in the principal role of "Grizabella" in a national tour of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical "Cats" from 2002 to 2003 and received critical acclaim for her performance.
In 2003, she participated in the off-Broadway US debut of George Gershwin's "Primrose" which was presented in a concert format.
In 2005, she played "Audrey" in "Little Shop of Horrors" at Northern Stage. She also participated in the workshop sessions of "Behind the Limelight" and "Dangerous Beauty" in New York City.
After leaving "Wicked", Roscioli worked on a new musical called "Liberty: A Monumental New Musical". In this show, she played the lead, "Liberty".
In late June 2010, Roscioli performed in a sold-out cabaret show "Decidedly Dee" at the jazz club "Birdland". She also performed in the musical "Therapy Rocks" at Urban Stages in New York in September and October 2010.
Roscioli took part in the reading of the new musical, "Welcome to My Life" on April 11, 2011.
Roscioli took part in Interart Theatre and Royal Family Production's performance of Gary Duggan's Dedalus Lounge, which began, January 8, 2012, at the Interart Theatre Annex in Manhattan, playing the part of Delphine.
Roscioli performed at the 2012 Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival at DeSales University. She played the part of Mrs. Lovett in the award-winning musical "" from June 13 to July 1, 2012.
Roscioli participated in the workshop of the indie rock musical, "Murder Ballad", presented by Vassar &amp; New York Stage and Film's Powerhouse Theater. It was performed from July 27 through July 29, 2012.
From September 9 through October 11, 2015, Roscioli starred as the Lady of the Lake in the Orlando Shakespeare Theater production of "Spamalot".
On August 11, 2016, Roscioli assumed the role of Fruma-Sarah in the 2015 Broadway revival of "Fiddler on the Roof". She also understudied Jessica Hecht as Golde and Alix Korey as Yente. She performed through the show's closing on December 31, 2016.
In 2017, Dee joined Paulo Szot at the Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival's highly anticipated production of "Evita" which opened with record-breaking sales at the Labuda Center for the Performing Arts at DeSales University in Center Valley, PA. All 22 performances, from the previews June 14 &amp;15, opening night June 16, thru July 2, were sold out. Dee played Eva Peron alongside Paulo Szot (who played her husband, Argentinian military leader Colonel Juan Domingo Peron), and Dan Domenech who played Che, who narrates the story with an obvious disdain for Eva. The principal actors were supported by an ensemble of 35 with Dennis Razze directing.
Dee was the standby for Star and Lady in the Broadway and Chicago productions of "The Cher Show".
In 2021, Dee was a Semi Finalist in the virtual American Traditions Vocal Competition in Savannah, Georgia.
In April 2024, Dee took over the role of Celine Dion in the Off-Broadway production of Titanique the Musical.
Roscioli is currently the standby for the roles of Madeline Ashton and Helen Sharp in "Death Becomes Her".
"Wicked".
Roscioli made her debut in the musical "Wicked" in the Chicago sit-down production on January 24, 2006, in which she was the standby for the lead role of Elphaba, replacing Kristy Cates, who had assumed the role full-time. Roscioli replaced Cates on December 12, 2006. Roscioli took a 12-week summer break from June 3, 2008 to August 24, 2008, in which time Elphaba was played by Lisa Brescia. The production closed on January 25, 2009.
Roscioli next played the role in the San Francisco production from April 7–19, 2009, covering as the standby for Elphaba, in place of Vicki Noon who was performing the full-time role for a short period.
Roscioli made her Broadway debut on July 21, 2009, reprising the role of Elphaba in the New York company of the musical. She starred opposite Alli Mauzey, Erin Mackey and Katie Rose Clarke as Glinda. She played her final performance March 21, 2010 and was succeeded by Mandy Gonzalez.
Roscioli reprised the role on the show's First National U.S. Tour, with performances from June 7, 2011 to October 2, 2011, replacing Jackie Burns. She holds the distinction of having played Elphaba in more performances in various North American productions than any other actress. She returned to the First National Tour on September 25, 2012, replacing Nicole Parker, whom she also succeeded in the Broadway company. Roscioli left the tour on April 28, 2013, and was replaced by Alison Luff.

</doc>
<doc id="7012063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012063" title="THAS">
THAS



</doc>
<doc id="7012064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012064" title="Charles Kerr">
Charles Kerr

Charles Kerr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7012067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012067" title="Somerset spectator">
Somerset spectator



</doc>
<doc id="7012073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012073" title="Yair Stern">
Yair Stern



</doc>
<doc id="7012074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012074" title="1980 World Sportscar Championship">
1980 World Sportscar Championship

The 1980 World Sportscar Championship season was the 28th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing. It featured the 1980 World Championship for Makes which was contested as a series running under both Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) and International Motor Sports Association (IMSA) regulations. It ran from 2 February 1980 to 28 September 1980, and comprised 11 races, including races run with Camel GT Championship.
A World Challenge for Endurance Drivers was also held over an eleven-round series, six of which were run concurrently with rounds of the World Championship for Makes. The Challenge was not awarded World Championship status, but would be promoted the following season and join the Championship for Makes.
The 16 combined events made for one of the most gruelling and varied championships in the history of motor racing. Some events, notably Le Mans and Daytona featured prototype sports cars. Others like the second shorter Daytona race and the Spa 24 Hour were touring car events with the rest consisting mostly of Grand Touring sportscars. Some of the European races featured Sports 2000 open bodied sports cars, but nothing larger than two litres engine capacity. No single driver started more than ten of the 16 races, with the Monza 1000 and the Riverside 5 Hour both occurring on the same day (and strangely both events counting towards the drivers title) no driver could attempt all 16. With over 1100 drivers competing it was one of the largest entries in the history of the sport.
The World Championship of Makes was contested in two classes, under and over 2000 cc of engine capacity. At the end of the championship Lancia and Porsche had won the two classes respectively with the same pointscore. The tie was broken in favour of Lancia, a fitting reward for the Italian manufacturer who had fielded a factory team of two or three Lancia Montecarlos across the European races featuring Formula One drivers and World Rally Champions like Riccardo Patrese, Eddie Cheever, Michele Alboreto, Piercarlo Ghinzani, Walter Röhrl and Markku Alén, as well as providing support to the Jolly Club team's Montecarlo who made trips to North America when the factory team did not.
In the World Endurance Challenge, only three drivers competed in ten races over the season and two of them were rewarded with first and second in the Challenge. American John Paul, Sr. won the series despite collecting only one win, the final race; the Road America 500 co-driving with his son, John Paul Jr. in their Porsche 935. Paul raced a variety of Porsches, 935s and a 930 as well as a Mazda RX-3 at the 6 Hours of Daytona touring car race. British driver John Fitzpatrick was just five points behind Paul at seasons finish despite taking three race wins at Sebring, Riverside and Mosport. He had used Porsche 935s and an AMC Spirit in his championship chase. Porsche 935 and Mazda RX-3 racer Dick Barbour finished third, four points behind Fitzpatrick.
Two drivers lost their lives during the season. Martin Raymond was killed in a Chevron B36 at Brands Hatch and Manuel Quintana died in a qualifying accident at Sebring in his Porsche 911.
Schedule.
The following 16 races made up the 1980 World Championship for Makes and World Challenge for Endurance Drivers.
Season results.
Although a multitude of classes contended for the Championship for Makes, only the overall race winners are listed here.
Although a multitude of classes contended for the World Challenge for Endurance Drivers, only the overall race winners are listed here.
World Championship for Makes - Results.
The World Championship for Makes was only open to select categories of cars. This included the FIA's Group 5 Special Production Cars, Group 4 Grand Touring Cars, Group 3 Series Production Grand Touring Cars, Group 2 Touring Cars, and Group 1 Series Production Touring Cars. An overall championship was awarded as well as two class titles: Division 1, for cars over 2000 cc and Division 2 for those under 2000 cc.
Points were awarded to the top ten finishers in each division in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1, with only the best eight results out of the eleven races being counted. Only the best placed entry of each make in each division was eligible to score points, with no points awarded to other placings.
Overall Championship.
The overall championship was to be awarded to the make achieving the highest net point score in either Division. The resultant tie between Porsche and Lancia was decided in Lancia's favour due to the greater number of Division victories scored by the Italian make.
World Championship for Makes - The cars.
The following models contributed to the net points scored by makes in the 1980 championship.
World Challenge for Endurance Drivers - Results.
The World Challenge for Endurance Drivers was won by John Paul Sr. from John Fitzpatrick and Brian Redman.

</doc>
<doc id="7012075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012075" title="Gir Cattle">
Gir Cattle



</doc>
<doc id="7012079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012079" title="Mr and Mrs Khiladi">
Mr and Mrs Khiladi



</doc>
<doc id="7012086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012086" title="Avraham Yair Stern">
Avraham Yair Stern



</doc>
<doc id="7012092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012092" title="Trick at Mecone">
Trick at Mecone

The trick at Mecone or Mekone (Mi-kon) was an event in Greek mythology first attested by Hesiod in which Prometheus tricked Zeus for humanity’s benefit, and thus incurred his wrath. It is unusual among Greek myths for being etiological, i.e. explaining the origins of an object or custom. 'Mecone' or 'Mekone' was identified in Classical times with Sicyon, though it is unknown if Hesiod recognized this identification.
The story.
The story survives only in Hesiod's "Theogony", with the exception of a brief reference to it in the works of Callimachus.
The gods and mortal humans had arranged a meeting at Mecone where the matter of division of sacrifice between gods and humans was to be settled. Prometheus slew a large ox, and divided it into two piles. In one pile he put all the meat and most of the fat, skillfully covering it with the ox's grotesque stomach, while in the other pile, he dressed up the bones artfully with shining fat. Prometheus then invited Zeus to choose; Zeus chose the pile of bones. Hesiod describes Zeus as having seen through the trick, realizing that in purposefully getting tricked he would have an excuse to vent his anger on mortal humans. It may be, however, that in mainstream versions of the story Zeus was actually deceived, and that Hesiod is trying to be pious by changing the story to make Zeus look better.
As an act of revenge, Zeus hid fire from humankind, leaving them cold and shivering at night. Prometheus, however, out of pity stole it for them shortly after, incurring the further wrath of Zeus. Prometheus's punishment was to be chained to a rock and have an eagle (or a vulture by some variants) pick out his liver every day for eons, until Heracles slew the eagle, releasing Prometheus from his affliction. The "Theogony" text is ambiguous about whether Prometheus was freed or remained chained to the rock, but lines 615-616 are usually interpreted as indicating that he remained bound.
Interpretations.
The story gives a mythological explanation (etiology) of the practice of sacrificing only the bones to the gods, while humans get to keep the edible meat and fat. It is also the first sacrifice to the gods, and sets the precedent for humans establishing or renewing a covenant with sacrifice.

</doc>
<doc id="7012093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012093" title="Spaccanapoli (street)">
Spaccanapoli (street)

Spaccanapoli is the straight and narrow main street that traverses the old, historic center of the city of Naples, Italy. The name is a popular usage and means, literally, "Naples splitter". The name is derived from the fact that it is very long and from above it seems to divide that part of the city.
This street is the lower ("Decumanus Inferiore") and southernmost of the three decumani, or east-west streets, of the grid of the original Greco-Roman city of "Neapolis". The central main "Decumanus Maggiore" is now "Via dei Tribunali"; while the northernmost or upper "Decumanus Superiore" is now "via Anticaglia" and "Via della Sapienza". The three "decumani" were (and still are) intersected by numerous north-south cross-streets called "cardini", together forming the grid of the ancient city.
Today, the street officially starts at Piazza Gesù Nuovo and is officially named "Via Benedetto Croce". Moving east, the street changes name to "Via S. Biagio dei Librai" and then crosses "Via Duomo" (named for the Cathedral of Naples) and moves beyond the confines of the old center of town.
Spaccanapoli is the main promenade for tourists as it provides access to a number of important sights of the city. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="7012096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012096" title="Second buddhist council">
Second buddhist council



</doc>
<doc id="7012113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012113" title="Haryana Tourism Corporation">
Haryana Tourism Corporation

Haryana Tourism Corporation (HTC) is an agency of the Government of Haryana, India established in 1974. The organisation operates 44 tourist facilities spread across the state of Haryana. These facilities offer visitors lodging, dining, and recreational activities amongst other services.

</doc>
<doc id="7012116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012116" title="Loveshack">
Loveshack



</doc>
<doc id="7012127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012127" title="Reverend Mother Ramallo">
Reverend Mother Ramallo



</doc>
<doc id="7012137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012137" title="List of Puerto Ricans missing in action in the Korean War">
List of Puerto Ricans missing in action in the Korean War

The United States Department of Defense has estimated that approximately 61,000 Puerto Ricans served in the military during the Korean War, most of them volunteers. A total of 122 Puerto Rican soldiers were among the 8,200 people listed as missing in action (MIA). According to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, there are 167 who are unaccounted for. This list does not include non-Puerto Ricans who served in the 65th Infantry, nor those who were "POW" (Prisoners of War) or "KIA" (Killed in Action). Nor does the total of this list include people of Puerto Rican descent who were born in the mainland of the United States.
Spain officially ceded Puerto Rico to the United States under the terms of the 1898 Treaty of Paris which concluded the Spanish–American War. It is a United States territory and upon the outbreak of World War I, the Congress enacted the Jones–Shafroth Act, which gave Puerto Ricans American citizenship with certain limitations (for example, Puerto Ricans are not allowed to vote in presidential elections).
Thousands of Puerto Ricans participated in these conflicts. Many lived and returned to their homeland, others either died or have been listed as missing in action. The term "MIA" dates from 1946 and refers to a member of the armed services who is reported missing following a combat mission and whose status as to injury, capture, or death is unknown. The missing combatant must not have been otherwise accounted for as either killed in action or a prisoner of war. The Korean War was one of two major conflicts which accounted for the most Puerto Ricans missing in action, the other being the Vietnam War.
Korean War.
According to the online archive "All POW-MIA Korean War Casualties," the total number of Puerto Rican casualties in the Korean War was 732. Out of the more than 700 casualties suffered in the war, a total of 122 Puerto Rican men were listed as Missing in Action.
It was during the Korean War that Puerto Ricans suffered the most casualties as members of an all-Hispanic volunteer unit: the 65th Infantry Regiment. One of the problems the unit faced was the language difference; the common foot soldier spoke only Spanish, while the commanding officers were mostly English-speaking. In September 1952, the 65th Infantry was holding onto a hill known as "Outpost Kelly" until the People's Volunteer Army which had joined the North Koreans, overran the position. This became known as the Battle for Outpost Kelly. Twice, the 65th Regiment was overwhelmed by Chinese artillery and driven off. The Battle of Outpost Kelly accounted for 73 of the men missing in action from the total of 122. Out of the 73 MIAs suffered by the regiment in the month of September, 50 of them occurred on the same day: September 18.
According to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency seven Puerto Ricans who were members of the United States Marine Corps, with the exception of PFC Ramón Núñez-Juárez and PFC Manuel Perez-Pizarro who were Killed In Action. PFC Enrique Romero-Nieves and PFC Ramón Núñez-Juárez were awarded the Navy Cross, the second highest medal after the Medal of Honor that can be awarded by the Department of the Navy. Ramón Núñez-Juárez, who was listed as MIA, was posthumously awarded the medal. Núñez-Juárez's remains have never been recovered and a symbolic burial with full military honors was held on October 25, 1970. His name and that of the others are inscribed in El Monumento de la Recordación, a monument dedicated to the Puerto Ricans who have fallen in combat, located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Puerto Ricans missing in action.
The following is a list with the names, ranks and the date in which 122 Puerto Ricans were listed as "missing in action" in the Korean War.
All of these men served within the ranks of the United States Army with the exception of Ramón Núñez-Juárez and Francisco González Matías, who served in the United States Marine Corps.
Their names are inscribed in El Monumento de la Recordación (The Wall of Remembrance) located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="7012138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012138" title="Roadside Prophets">
Roadside Prophets

Roadside Prophets is a 1992 American comedy film written and directed by Abbe Wool, featuring musicians John Doe of the L.A. punk band X, and Adam Horovitz of the Beastie Boys with cameo appearances by, amongst others, Timothy Leary, Arlo Guthrie, David Carradine, Flea, an uncharacteristic performance by John Cusack as Caspar, a self-styled "Symbionese" rebel, and a very early film performance by Don Cheadle.
Plot.
Joe, a Harley-riding factory worker, meets Dave, who tells him about a casino in the town of El Dorado before Dave is electrocuted in a video arcade. Following Dave's cremation, Joe decides to travel to Nevada to find Dave's beloved casino and spread his ashes in the desert to fulfill his last wish. While riding his motorcycle around Nevada, Joe meets Sam, who is traveling on his own motorcycle to find the Motel 9 in which his parents committed suicide. As Sam travels with Joe, the two develop an unlikely friendship and encounter numerous eccentric people during their travels.
Production.
Filming locations for "Roadside Prophets" included Las Vegas, Valley of Fire State Park, and Jackpot, Nevada. Filming also took place in White Pine County, Nevada, including Ely and McGill. The film is named for the eccentric characters that are encountered throughout the story.
Reception.
"Roadside Prophets" was theatrically released on March 27, 1992, and grossed $147,724 during its run. On website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an 83 percent rating.
Hal Hinson of "The Washington Post" wrote, "It's a sort of fairy tale, a '90s version of "Easy Rider," but it's so loosely strung together, so aimless and so willfully quirky, it gets lost in its own meanderings. Movies that try as hard to be hip as this one does are an arduous test of one's patience, mainly because the guise of hipness is merely an excuse for the writer-director […] not to bother himself with the basics of character, or motivation, or narrative sense. Things happen, without cause or explanation, and that's that, because to concern yourself with such trivialities would be too conventional, too, well, uncool."
Marc Savlov of "The Austin Chronicle" gave the film three and a half stars out of five, and praised the performances of Cusack and Horovitz. Savlov also praised the film's rapid pace: "New characters are introduced every few minutes, spit out a few gobbets of weirdness or disgruntled home brew philosophy, and then vanish from the story. Odd as it may sound, it works perfectly, and Wool's film ends up coming across like some sort of treatise on Nineties disaffection and a paean to following your heart and damn the torpedoes of logical lifestyles. It's a good message, and a wonderful film, the type of which I think we'll be seeing more and more of as the decade progresses.
Chris Hicks of "Deseret News" gave the film two stars out of four and wrote, "A quirky counterculture road picture, which is as aimless as its two protagonists, 'Roadside Prophets' is never quite sure what it wants to be . . . but it's very sure what it doesn't want to be. You'll find no run-of-the-mill, Hollywood happy-talk here. 'Roadside Prophets' is a talky picture, full of goofy introspective ideas, but it has no intention of developing any of them." Hicks stated that the film "has its moments, especially the bits by Guthrie and Cusack, who are gone almost before you realize who they are, and Doe demonstrates a natural acting ability as a disillusioned guy whose life is going nowhere. But the film just meanders pointlessly and some scenes are embarrassingly amateurish in their staging. It's like a home movie in some ways, and it's really not sharp-witted enough to attract anything more than a cult audience."
Andrea LeVasseur of AllMovie gave the film three stars out of five and called it a "lighthearted bit of Americana," and "decent-enough entertainment." LeVasseur further wrote, "This hipster road movie has three things going wrong for it right away: It's coming straight out of the self-indulgent early '90s, it features rock stars as leading men, and most of the other characters are just celebrity cameos. However bad it may seem, this heavy-handed lesson in pop philosophy is harmless enough. At the very least, it's good nostalgia for the grunge era. One major asset is the lovely young Adam Horowitz [sic] as the goofy tagalong sidekick Sam. He's not only a pleasure to look at, but he creates a nice balance with the brooding biker chic of John Doe. The story itself is pretty shallow and easygoing, despite recurring attempts to create deep, existential moments. But the plot is secondary to the good-natured mood and fondness for offbeat characters."
"TV Guide" gave the film two stars out of five, and called Doe's performance "fairly believable" but noted that Horovitz, "with his whining and goofy grin, seems as if he's about to break into a Jerry Lewis impression; he's more annoying than funny." "TV Guide" also wrote, "The lack of plot could be overlooked if the folks Sam and Joe met on their journey were remotely memorable, but almost every encounter is the same: they run into some eccentric for four or five minutes (sometimes shorter--don't blink or you'll miss Leary and Guthrie), Sam proclaims that they're insane and drives off." "TV Guide" concluded, "What could have been a fun, or at least uniquely weird journey is defeated by a lackadaisical screenplay and a lack of imagination. If only the film had been as lively as its soundtrack".

</doc>
<doc id="7012139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012139" title="Richard N. Gottfried">
Richard N. Gottfried

Richard N. Gottfried (born May 16, 1947) is an American attorney and politician who served as a member of the New York State Assembly representing portions of Manhattan. Gottfried had been a member of the Assembly for more than 50 years, making him the longest-serving member of the body and one of the longest-serving state legislators in the United States.
Early life and education.
Gottfried was born in New York City. He is a graduate of Stuyvesant High School, where he was a classmate of Jerrold Nadler and Dick Morris. Gottfried earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Cornell University in 1968 and a Juris Doctor from Columbia Law School in 1973.
Career.
Richard Gottfried represents District 75 in the New York State Assembly, which includes Murray Hill, Chelsea, Clinton, portions of Midtown Manhattan and the Upper West Side. Gottfried is a progressive Democrat who has been endorsed by the Democratic and Working Families parties.
Elected to the Assembly in 1970, while a matriculating student at Columbia Law School, Gottfried served as chairman of the Assembly Committee on Health and was also a member of the Committees on Higher Education and Rules. He was also a member of the Assembly Steering Committee and the head of the Manhattan Assembly Delegation.
Some of his pieces of legislation-bills enacted into law that he has primary or secondary responsibility for include the creation of the Prenatal Care Assistance Program as well as the Child Health Plus and Family Health Plus programs. He is also the author of the Physician Profiling Law, which allows patients to access information about their primary care physician; the Family Health Care Decisions Act, which prioritizes who would make health care decisions for a person who does not have a health care proxy and is incapacitated; and the Health Care Proxy Law-which allows individuals to designate a secondary party to make critical health care decisions for them if they become incapacitated-as well as the HIV Testing and Confidentiality Law.
Gottfried was the sponsor of the 1998 Hudson River Park Law, which established that park, as well as the legislation to expand the Jacob Javits Convention Center. He was also instrumental in the enaction of the Omnibus Crime Act of 1978 and drafting of the 1976 Juvenile Justice Reform Act.
As chair of the Health Committee, and as a supporter of reproductive freedom, he seeks to keep New York pro-choice, and sponsored Gov. Spitzer's Reproductive Health and Privacy Protection Act.
Gottfried introduced the first same-sex marriage bill in the Assembly in 2003. When then-Governor Eliot Spitzer submitted it as a governor's program bill in 2007, Assembly Member Daniel O'Donnell, one of the Assembly's openly-gay members, became the lead sponsor. Marriage equality became law in New York State in June 2011.
Other bills he sponsors are: GENDA, the Gender Non-Discrimination Act which would make discrimination based on gender identity illegal; and a bill to legalize the use of medical marijuana, NY State Assembly Bill A6357E, which is now commonly referred to as the Compassionate Care Act. 
As a leading advocate for patient autonomy, he has a major responsibility for New York's managed care reforms, and continues to sponsor legislation for stronger protections for consumers and health care providers, work toward public support for universal access to quality, affordable health care, and establish end-of-life and pain management protocols. Gottfried's New York Health Act, to establish universal, publicly funded health coverage, was the first of its kind to pass a legislative body (NYS Assembly, 1992).
During his time as a member of the Assembly Gottfried has served in various leadership capacities, including as Deputy Majority Leader, Assistant Majority Leader, Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Codes, and Children and Families, as well as Chairman of the Assembly Task Force on the Homeless, Campaign Finance Reform and Crime Victims. In his 2010 re-election bid he received 82% of the vote.
Retirement from NY State Assembly.
On December 13, 2021, Gottfried, then the longest serving member of the New York State Assembly, announced he would not seek re-election in 2022 thus ending his tenure in the Assembly after a record 18,993 days in office.

</doc>
<doc id="7012147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012147" title="Charles Iain Kerr, 1st Baron Teviot">
Charles Iain Kerr, 1st Baron Teviot



</doc>
<doc id="7012148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012148" title="1979 World Championship for Makes">
1979 World Championship for Makes

The 1979 World Sportscar Championship season was the 27th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship racing. It featured the 1979 World Championship for Makes which was open to Group 1 and 2 Touring Cars, Group 3 and 4 Grand Touring cars, and Group 5 Special Production Cars. The championship ran from 3 February to 16 September 1979 and consisted of nine rounds. It was contested in two engine capacity divisions, Over 2 Litres and Under 2 Litres.
The Over 2 Litres Division was won by Porsche and the Under 2 Litres Division by Lancia.
Season results.
Note: Entries which were not eligible to score championship points are not accounted for in the above table.
Manufacturers' championship.
Points were awarded for placings gained by the top ten cars in each division at each round in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1. However, points were only awarded for the highest placed car from each make in each division and any other cars from that make were merely skipped in the points allocation.
Only the best seven round results for each make in each division counted towards the championship with any other points earned not included in the final totals. Relinquished points are shown within brackets.
Some rounds were also open to cars from other categories (e.g. Group 6 "Two Seater Racing Cars") however these cars were not eligible to score points for their respective makes.
The cars.
The following models contributed to the nett points totals scored by their respective makes.

</doc>
<doc id="7012154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012154" title="Sumgait Massacre">
Sumgait Massacre



</doc>
<doc id="7012159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012159" title="Uromys caudimaculatus">
Uromys caudimaculatus



</doc>
<doc id="7012161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012161" title="Charles Iain Kerr">
Charles Iain Kerr



</doc>
<doc id="7012167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012167" title="Saik'uz First Nation">
Saik'uz First Nation

Saik'uz, translated as "on the sand", formerly known as Stoney Creek, is a Dakelh nation whose main community is on a reserve southwest of Vanderhoof, British Columbia along Kenney Dam Road. Saik'uz is a member of the Carrier Sekani Tribal Council.
Amenities.
The Saik'uz First Nation has a number of amenities, including a Band Administration Office where the Chief and Council make decisions on issues like housing, education, and forestry. The new band office is located in the new subdivision, which was previously an elementary school. Beside the band office is a daycare. The multiplex community hall is a building for traditional native dancing and annual general meetings (which all members of the community may attend). It is also used for extra-curricular activities like volleyball, basketball, floor hockey, and other social gatherings. Saik'uz First Nation is also home to a local health station, which provides the community with drug and alcohol counseling, parenting programs, and a community kitchen. The reserve also has a volunteer fire hall in case of emergencies, and a convenience store called G&amp;F market. It has a gas bar (Which is closed for the time being) It sold canned goods, pizza, snack foods, and fresh milk as well as locally produced native crafts. There are three water pumps located in various parts of the reserve where community members found water before electricity. Today, water is stored in a Green water tower on the reserve. The reserve also honours its veterans with a memorial park to commemorate their service in the two world wars and the Korean War. Saik'uz also has a baseball field and holds many tournaments and is home to the "RD boys" and "the Tigers".
Prominent members.
There are currently 21 elders living on reserve. One of the nation's most famous elders was Mary John, Sr., whose 1989 memoir "Stoney Creek Woman" won the Lieutenant Governor's Medal for Historical Writing. She was also a recipient of the Order of Canada.
Another well-known elder was Sophie Thomas, known for her expertise in herbal medicine. 
The late Celena John was also a prominent leader among the Carrier Sekani people.
Dick Patrick was a war hero who became well known for his refusal to accept discrimination on his return from his military service.
Economy.
The two largest sources of employment are the forest products industry and the band government. As in many First Nations communities, the unemployment rate is high. The band also operates several businesses.
The Saik'uz potlatch house was built by the Stoney Creek Elders' Society on the shore of Nulki Lake. The potlatch house is a large log building that can hold 200–250 people, big enough for weddings, dances, meetings, and education courses. It serves important ceremonial purposes including governance, economy, social status, and other spiritual practices. Upstairs are the main hall, a kitchen, and two washrooms. Downstairs are a larger kitchen and several offices. 
Adjacent to the Potlatch House are eight cabins, a shower house, a boat launch, a smoke shack and a workshop. Six year-round staff members keep the campground and Potlatch House running smoothly.
Bingo is held at the Potlatch House every Wednesday. It was started in the late 1980s by two women from the Saik'uz reserve. Past jackpots have included a truck and cash prizes up to $20,000. Other sources of revenue are the campgrounds and boat launch, which hold an annual fishing derby on May Long Weekend. In 2006, the 16th annual derby offered the highest prize to date, $5000. Other prizes are donated by various business in Vanderhoof and surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="7012174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012174" title="Stanley Weiss">
Stanley Weiss

Stanley Weiss is an American professional poker player residing in Nashville, Tennessee.
In May 2006, Weiss won the World Poker Tour (WPT) fifth season Mirage Poker Showdown and earned $1,084,037. On the final hand he held K♠ 5♦ and outdrew Harry Demetriou's K♥ 6♣ on the river. Weiss had also won a preliminary event at the Mirage Poker Showdown before his WPT victory.
As of 2008, Weiss's total live tournament winnings exceed $1,450,000.

</doc>
<doc id="7012175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012175" title="Wii Play">
Wii Play

Wii Play is a 2007 party video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii. It was released as a launch game for the console in Japan, Europe, and Australia in December 2006, and was released in North America in February 2007. The game features nine minigames, including a "Duck Hunt"-esque shooting range, a fishing game, and a billiards game, each of which are designed to showcase the features of the Wii Remote controller.
Developed as a compilation of prototype games originally shown off at the E3 expo in 2006, "Wii Play" was developed by Nintendo EAD simultaneously with "Wii Sports", which also contained tech demos from E3. The featured games make use of several aspects of the Wii Remote, such as its detection of rotation and depth movement through motion sensing and its infrared pointer.
Despite mixed reception from critics who criticized the game for its repetitiveness, "Wii Play" was a commercial success, with strong sales being largely connected to the game's inclusion of an additional Wii Remote at the time of its release. The game is the fifth best-selling game for the Wii and the twenty-sixth best-selling video game of all-time, having sold 28.02 million copies worldwide. A sequel to the game titled "" was released in 2011.
Gameplay.
"Wii Play" is a party game consisting of nine minigames that make use of the Wii Remote's several unique features. These games can either be played in single-player mode or in a two-player multiplayer versus mode in which each player's number of wins are recorded. Upon starting the game, only one of the featured minigames is accessible, but the other eight are systematically unlocked as the player tries each one. The player is able to use their own custom Mii avatars created through the Mii Channel, who appear in several of the included minigames. High scores are saved when playing in single-player mode, and achieving certain high scores awards the player with bronze, silver, gold and platinum medals for the respective game, along with a message sent to the Wii Message Board containing a short tip for that respective game.
Games.
Shooting Range.
A shooting game similar to "Duck Hunt" in which players go through several consecutive rounds of shooting objects that appear on the screen by pointing the Wii Remote at the Wii's sensor bar to aim and firing with the controller's trigger button. Objects include balloons, bullseye targets, clay disks, tin cans, and UFOs which descend from the sky and attempt to abduct tiny copies of the player's Mii. Extra points can be earned by shooting several objects consecutively without missing, and ducks also occasionally fly across the screen which can be shot for additional points. The game's multiplayer mode has two players competing to earn the highest number of points; conversely, a second player can join during single-player mode and help player one earn points, or player one can take a second Wii Remote and use it with their primary controller to assist in shooting.
Find Mii.
Crowds of unique Mii characters gather on the screen, out of which the player must locate certain Miis whose qualities pertain to the instructions given to the player, such as locating two identical characters or locating the fastest-moving character in a crowd of walking people. In single-player mode, the player must get through as many stages as possible before the time limit runs out, with each Mii found extending the number of seconds left on the timer and giving a certain number of points depending on how quickly the player locates and chooses them. In multiplayer mode, two players compete to find the highest number of Mii characters within two minutes. Choosing an incorrect Mii in single-player mode removes a number of seconds from the timer, while in multiplayer mode the player who picks the incorrect character loses points.
Table Tennis.
A standard game of table tennis, in which the player volleys a ping-pong ball back and forth by pointing at the sensor bar and moving the Wii Remote from side to side. In single-player mode, the player cooperates with a computer player in order to rally the ball back and forth with each other as many times as possible. In multiplayer mode, two opponents compete to hit the ball past each other in order to score points, with the first player to achieve eleven points winning.
Pose Mii.
The player controls their Mii character around an open background via the Wii Remote pointer and tries to burst large, falling bubbles and prevent them from descending to the bottom of the screen, twisting the Wii Remote in order to rotate the character and fit them into the silhouettes on the bubbles and pushing certain buttons to cycle between different poses that the Mii can strike in order to conform to the shapes of the silhouettes. The game is over once the player allows three bubbles to float past them and reach the bottom of the screen. In multiplayer mode, red and blue bubbles pertaining to each player's respective color fall down, and players attempt to get the highest number of points with each player losing a point if a bubble in their color falls to the bottom.
Laser Hockey.
An air hockey game comparable to "Pong" in which two players try to hit a laser puck across the screen into the opponent's goal using a paddle controlled via the Wii Remote pointer. The paddle can be twisted around by twisting the Wii remote in order to hit the ball in different directions. Single-player mode is a two-minute match against the CPU, whereas in two-player mode, the first player to score eight points wins.
Billiards.
A simplified nine-ball game of pool. In the game, the player uses the Wii Remote like a cue stick to strike the , which can be hit at different angles in order to add or execute . The player can also toggle the in-game camera angle between a top-down view and a view from behind the cue ball. The game ends when all have been pocketed. are earned differently depending on the game mode; in single player mode, it is determined by the number of turns taken to all of the object balls, while in multiplayer mode, points are earned corresponding to the number on the object ball that is pocketed. In both game modes, points are taken away for committing a , either by pocketing the cue ball or hitting an object ball not marked with a target.
Fishing.
A game of fishing in which the player attempts to catch different types of fish swimming in a pond within a set time limit. The player uses the Wii Remote like a fishing pole, lowering it to move the hook into the pond and quickly pulling it upwards once a fish grabs onto it while moving the remote in different directions to move the hook through the pond. Points are given and deducted based on the different types of fish that are caught; additional points are awarded for catching a fish corresponding with the bonus fish type, which continually changes. In multiplayer mode, two players compete to obtain the highest score.
Charge!
The player controls their Mii character riding a cow as they attempt to navigate a short course within a time limit while knocking down scarecrows and avoiding hurdles. The game is played by holding the Wii Remote horizontally and using it similarly to a steering wheel: tilting the remote left and right to steer the cow; tilting it forwards or backwards to accelerate or decelerate, respectively; and quickly raising the controller upwards to jump. In multiplayer mode, both players compete to earn a higher score.
Tanks!
A top-down combat game similar to the Atari game "Combat" in which the player maneuvers a small tank through several stages and fights enemy tanks. The only included minigame that can be played using the Wii Nunchuk, the tank is moved using either the D-pad or the Nunchuk's analog stick, while the tank's gun turret is independently moved by aiming the Wii Remote at the sensor bar. The tank can fire shells from its gun and place land mines on the ground. Each of these shells can ricochet off of a wall once.
In single-player mode, the player is given three lives at the start of the game and receives an extra life after every five missions completed, with the game ending if all lives are lost. Prior to earning a gold medal, a single-player game ends at the 20th stage, but there are a total of 100 missions which can be played through after earning a gold medal for completing mission 20 on a previous run. In multiplayer mode, two players progress through the missions, competing to destroy the most enemy tanks. The game ends if both players lose their tank in the same mission, though a player who is defeated in a mission comes back if the other player clears the mission. Only the first 20 missions are accessible in multiplayer mode.
Development.
"Wii Play" was one of several games that were developed as a part of Shigeru Miyamoto's "Wii Project", along with "Wii Sports", "Wii Fit", and "Wii Music". The project was a compilation of several technical demos exhibiting the capabilities of the then-upcoming Wii console and its controller, the Wii Remote. These prototypes took advantage of several of the Wii Remote's features; the controller was able to sense rotation, which was prominently used in Pose Mii and Laser Hockey, while the detection of depth movement was featured in Table Tennis, Fishing and Billiards. These tech demos were first publicly shown at the 2006 E3 convention alongside the games used in "Wii Sports". A demo of the shooting range minigame titled "Shooting", which was speculated by several people to be a sequel to "Duck Hunt", was also presented during the 2006 Nintendo Fusion Tour.
"Wii Play" officially began development when Miyamoto decided that the demonstrational games would be fleshed out and released together for the console. The development team at Nintendo EAD was given around seven to eight months to develop the game, with Motoi Okamoto, who had previously worked on "Pikmin" and the touchscreen minigames included in "Super Mario 64 DS", serving as the game's director. The demo games were put into two different categories; the sports-themed games were grouped together and bundled into "Wii Sports", while the rest of the games which made use of the Wii Remote's pointer became "Wii Play". The game was developed directly alongside "Wii Sports", with the two games' development teams sharing several artists and programmers. As the games progressed further into development, more attention was put towards "Sports" and the team ultimately decided that the latter was the higher priority. Because of this, some of the demos shown off at E3 did not make it into the game due to time constraints. These unused demos later went on to inspire later games; for instance, the game "Obstacle Course" was later adapted into the "Wii Fit" game "Balance Bubble", whereas the design of the game "Bird" found its way into "Nintendo Land" as the "Balloon Fight"-inspired game "Balloon Trip Breeze". "Wii Maestro", an orchestra-themed game demo, was planned to be included as one of the games, but the developers decided it would be more fitting as its own separate game and ultimately made it into "Wii Music".
"Wii Play" was first publicly announced at a press conference held by Nintendo in Japan under the name "Hajimete no Wii", where it was shown to be a compilation of the demo games shown off at E3. Nintendo announced that the game would be released in Japan on December 2, 2006, as a launch title for the system, and that it would also be bundled with a Wii Remote at its release. It was later made playable at the Nintendo World event in New York on September 14, 2006, where all nine games were presented, now much closer to their final versions than the demos at E3, and support for the Wii's Mii characters was officially revealed to be part of the game. Miyamoto wanted "Play" to be a pack-in game instead of "Wii Sports", but then-president of Nintendo of America, Reggie Fils-Aimé, objected on the grounds that "Play" would not provide a complete entry-level experience for the console.
Reception.
"Wii Play" received mixed reviews from critics, holding an aggregate score of 61.64% on GameRankings and 58/100 on Metacritic.
Common Sense Media gave the game 3 stars out of 5, concluding that the game "isn't as fun as Wii Sports." The reviewers at "Electronic Gaming Monthly" gave the game varying scores of 6.0, 4.5 and 5.0, stating that while "anybody can play it, including grandma... [y]ou'll probably be bored in minutes". "GamesTM" gave the game a more scathing reaction, scoring it 3/10 and stating that "Even the games that do work break down due to a combination of being extremely bland or too repetitive", and even that the strongest game, Shooting, "loses its charm as soon as you realise the targets follow a similar path every time you play". Pete Metzger of "Variety", who reviewed the game alongside "Fuzion Frenzy 2" for the Xbox 360, was highly critical of the game, calling its controls "a step backwards" from the innovation presented in "Wii Sports". "GamePro" reviewer "The Grim Wiiper" called the nine included games "repetitive and mediocre," but believed that the game's included Wii Remote "makes the whole package much more compelling." "IGN Australia" were more positive in their reaction, awarding the game 8.3/10, saying that it was "effectively being sold at A$10 on top of the cost of a wiimote" and that "as a training game, it succeeds completely". "Official Nintendo Magazine" also praised the game and gave it 91%, describing the games as "surprisingly addictive" as well as citing the value of supplying an additional Wii Remote.
Sales.
Despite mixed reception, "Wii Play" was an immense commercial success, frequently making it onto The NPD Group's video game sales charts throughout the 2000s after its release in North America. Within two days of its release as a launch title in Japan, the game had sold 171,888 copies, making it the second best-selling title for the system behind "Wii Sports". In January 2007, Nintendo reported that "Wii Play" was one of 19 Wii titles that had surpassed sales of one million units. The NPD Group reported that the game was the 2nd best-selling game of April 2007. The game sold 293,000 units in June 2007, making it the 2nd best-selling game of the month. It sold 1.08 million units in December 2007, and was the 2nd highest-selling game of 2007 behind "Halo 3" with sales of 4.12 million units. By February 2008, the game had sold 4.4 million copies, according to the NPD Group, and by October of the same year the game managed to sell over 7.2 million copies. The game sold 1.46 million copies in December 2008, making it the highest-selling game of the month. Across all of 2008, the game managed to sell 5.28 million copies, making it the best-selling game of 2008.
By March 2009, the game had sold 10 million copies in the US, and in April of that same year Nintendo reported that the game had sold 2.7 million copies in Japan. In May 2009, Nintendo reported that the game had sold 22.9 million units. "Wii Play" has sold 28.02 million copies worldwide as of March 31, 2018 according to Nintendo, making it the fifth best-selling Wii game and the 14th best selling video game of all time. Strong sales were largely attributed to the game's inclusion of an extra Wii Remote at the time of its release and its North American price of US$49.99 in comparison to a separate Wii Remote which cost $39.99 at the time, meaning that the game itself essentially costed $10.
Speaking of the game's strong sales, Nintendo of America vice president Cammie Dunaway noted that the game's sales figures, in combination with the 12.9 million individual Wii Remotes sold, "reinforces the growing 'social gaming' trend we have been seeing where friends and family use their Wii as a social hub."
"Wii Play" had sold 18.4 million units worldwide by July 2009. The game received a "Diamond" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association, indicating sales of at least 1 million copies in the United Kingdom. In Australia, the game sold over 900,000 units by July 2010.
Sequel.
A sequel to "Wii Play" was first announced in a press conference held by Nintendo on April 12, 2011. "Wii Play: Motion" was later shown off at the E3 convention and was released for the Wii in June of the same year.
The game makes prominent use of the Wii's Wii MotionPlus peripheral, which allows for more precise motion control in games, and features several minigames designed to demonstrate the enhanced motion capabilities of the device. Similarly to its predecessor, "Wii Play: Motion" was bundled with a black Wii MotionPlus Wii Remote in North America and a red Wii Remote in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="7012176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012176" title="Vincent Ernest Wright">
Vincent Ernest Wright



</doc>
<doc id="7012177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012177" title="Wetsuweten first nation">
Wetsuweten first nation



</doc>
<doc id="7012180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012180" title="Stan Weiss">
Stan Weiss



</doc>
<doc id="7012185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012185" title="Vive Latino">
Vive Latino

Vive Latino - Festival Iberoamericano de Cultura Musical, known for sponsorship reasons as Amazon Vive Latino, is an annual music festival held in Mexico City. It is one of the most important music festivals in Mexico, featuring a great variety of groups of many genres.
The event takes place in Foro Sol usually in the months of March and April. The duration of the festival has been one to three days, depending on the number of live acts, but since 2010 the festival's length has been 2 or 3 days. The first edition was in 1998, and has been repeated yearly ever since (except for 1999 and 2002). The number of stages has changed over the time, ranging from 2 to 4.
The festival's concept is to every year gather important and newcoming bands from all over Ibero-America for three days to create a space for alternative music and new proposals from different Spanish-speaking bands. In the history of the festival there's been a series of important musical performances by many artists from Latin America and Spain, such as Café Tacuba, Enrique Bunbury, Charly García, Aterciopelados, Los Tres, Caifanes, Bersuit Vergarabat, El Cuarteto de Nos, Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas, Los Planetas, Gustavo Cerati, Los Amigos Invisibles, Babasónicos, Miguel Ríos, Celso Piña, Los Jaigüey, El Tri, Ratones Paranoicos, Nortec Collective, Sepultura, Divididos, Transmetal, Ángeles del Infierno, 2 Minutos, Control Machete, Los Bunkers, etc.
Besides Ibero-American musical acts, the festival has been opened for proposals from all over the world, with special appearances by Latin bands located in the U.S. such as Los Lobos, Tito &amp; Tarantula, Devendra Banhart, Ill Niño, Brujeria, The Mars Volta, Los Straitjackets, Rodrigo y Gabriela, Ozomatli, and Los Abandoned. The festival bill has also had non-Spanish speaking acts like The Magic Numbers, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, The Chemical Brothers, Urlaub in Polen, Blasted Mechanism, Calexico, Jane's Addiction, The National, DeVotchKa, Deftones, Marky Ramone, and Red Hot Chili Peppers among others.
Every year the festival's line up has a strong presence in the ska and reggae acts, having big figures of the genre such as The Wailers, The Skatalites, Desmond Dekker, Fishbone, Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra, Steel Pulse, Reel Big Fish, and Save Ferris, besides the performances from important Ibero-American bands like Panteón Rococó, Los Fabulosos Cadillacs, Ska-P, Los Auténticos Decadentes, Desorden Público, and Maldita Vecindad.
As the festival itself is not limited to rock acts, it has often acts of entirely unrelated music genres. This, however, proved to be disastrous in the 2007 edition, which included a Reggaetón act by Calle 13, that angered a big section of the public, which booed and even threw bottles and objects at the stage forcing the band to leave.
November 1998.
Aterciopelados, Café Tacuba, Molotov, Maldita Vecindad, Illya Kuryaki, Control Machete, Todos Tus Muertos, Ángeles del Infierno, Tijuana No, El Gran Silencio, La Cuca, Las Víctimas del Doctor Cerebro, Resorte, Sekta Core, Los Esquizitos, Titán, Los de Abajo, Guillotina, Salón Victoria, Riesgo de contagio, Flor De Lingo, Quehaceres de Mamá, Ozomatli, El Tri, Miguel Ríos, Juan Perro, Danza Invisible, La Lupita, Cecilia Toussaint, Aterciopelados, Los Tres, Santa Sabina, La Barranca, Julieta Venegas, La Castañeda, Ritmo Peligroso, Kenny y los Eléctricos, La Gusana Ciega, Julio revueltas, Ely Guerra, La Dosis, Poncho Kingz, La Ley.
November 2000.
Saturday, 11 November - Sunday, 12 November
Habana, Tito &amp; Tarantula, Ely Guerra, Zurdok, Panteón Rococó, Los Auténticos Decadentes, Mariachi Terror, La Castañeda, Ganadores De La Resistencia, Los Amigos Invisibles, Dover, Fishbone, The Wailers, Ska-P, Molotov, Los Fabulosos Cadillacs, Los Tetas, Sekta Core, Desorden Público, Divididos, Resorte, La Gusana Ciega, Julieta Venegas, Jumbo, Los Pericos, El Gran Silencio, Enrique Bunbury, Jaguares
November 2001.
Saturday, 24 November
Bersuit Vergarabat, Desorden Público, El Gran Silencio, Genitallica, Havana, José Fors, Joselo, La Lupita, La Verbena Popular, Liquits, Los de Abajo, Los Estrambóticos, Lucybell, Maldita Vecindad, Moderatto, Panteón Rococó, Pericos, Puya, Resorte, Revólver, Save Ferris, Zurdok
May 2003.
Sunday, 11 May
Aterciopelados, Babasónicos, Café Tacuba, Cartel de Santa, El Gran Silencio, Enanitos Verdes, Los Estrambóticos, Genitallica, Guillotina, Jumbo, Kinky, Los de Abajo, Los Tetas, Molotov, Natalia Lafourcade, Panteón Rococó, Pito Perez, Resorte, Televisión Kamikaze, Las Ultrasónicas, Vicentico
May 2004.
Sunday, 9 May
Ángeles del Infierno, Antidoping, Azul Violeta, Babasónicos, Bersuit, Cartel de Santa, Catupecu Machu, Crista Galli, Chancho en Piedra, Circo, Control Machete, Cuca, Dildo, Ely Guerra, Fobia, Haragán y Cia, Ill Niño, Julieta Venegas, Kinky, La Barranca, Liquits, Los Amantes de Lola, Los Auténticos Decadentes, Lost Acapulco, Lucybell, Maldita Vecindad, Moderatto, Rata Blanca, Santa Sabina, Televisión Kamikaze, The Mars Volta, Vaquero, Volumen Cero, Zoé
April 2005.
Sunday, 16 April
Austin TV, Babasónicos, Big Metra, Botellita de Jeréz, Cartel de Santa, Catupecu Machu, De saloon, Desmond Decker, División Minúscula, Ely Guerra, Estrambóticos, Grandmama, Jarabe de Palo, La Casta, La Lupita, Liquits, Lira n' Roll, Los Abandoned, Los de abajo, Los Látigos, Los Shajatos, LVzbel, macaco, Mario, Moderatto, Molotov, Panteón Rococó, Pericos, Porter, Quiero Club, San Pascualito Rey, Skatalites, Sussie 4, Telefunka, Thermo, Tólidos, Vicentico, Zoé, Zuker XP.
May 2006.
Saturday, 13 May - Sunday, 14 May
Allison, Amaral, Austin TV, Bengala, Brujeria, Charly Montana, Disidente, División Minúscula, El Gran Silencio, Elis Paprika, Fobia, Kinky, Líbido, Los Abandoned, Los de abajo, Los Dynamite, Los planetas, Lost Acapulco, Lucybell, Nortec Collective, Panteón Rococó, Pato Machete, Plastiko, Rastrillos, Resorte, San Pascualito Rey, Thermo, Vaquero, Yucatán A Go Go, Zurdok, Agora, Bersuit, Big Metra, Celtas cortos, Chetes, Desorden Público, Dildo, Instituto Mexicano del Sonido, Joselo, Jumbo, Julieta Venegas, La Gusana Ciega, Los Auténticos Decadentes, Los Búnkers, Los Esquizitos, Los Super Elegantes (Milena Muzquiz and Martiniano Lopez), Los Tres, Maria Daniela y su Sonido Lasser, Niña, Ozomatli, Palomazo informativo, Panda, Plastilina Mosh, Porter, San Pascualito Rey, Satin Dolls, Tex Tex, Titán, Tolidos, Turf, Víctimas del Dr. Cerebro, Zoé.
May 2007.
Saturday, 5 May - Sunday, 6 May
Austin TV, Becker, Bengala, Café Tacvba, COhETICA, Calle 13, Canseco, Gustavo Cerati, Chetes, Chikita Violenta, Nortec Collective, Mariachi Terror, Columpio Asesino, Cuarteto de nos, Cuca, Desorden Público, Devendra Banhart, División Minúscula, El Tri, Ely Guerra, Fenómeno fuzz, Finde, Flavio Cianciarulo, Fobia, Furland, Gondwana, Hana, Instituto Mexicano del Sonido, Jessy Bulbo, Jumbo, Kill Aniston, Kinky, La gusana ciega, La Tremenda Korte, Liquits, Los Amigos Invisibles, Los Bunkers, Los Dynamite, Los Gatos, Los Licuadora, Los Músicos de José, Los Piojos, No somos machos pero somos muchos, Ozomatli, Pastilla, Porter, Quiero Club, Rata Blanca, Réplica, San Pascualito Rey, Sargent García, Satin Dolls, Six Million Dollar Weirdo, Sonidero Nacional, Sr. Bikini, Steel Pulse, Tanke, The Cosmetics, The Locos, The Magic Numbers, Transmetal, Veo Muertos, Volován, Zoé
May 2008.
Saturday, 14 May - Sunday, 15 May
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Reel Big Fish, Jarabe de Palo, Los Lobos, Babasónicos, Bersuit Vergarabat, The Wailers, Plastilina Mosh, Panteón Rococó, Los Tres, Los Cafres, El Gran Silencio, Panda (band), Todos Tus Muertos, Los Piojos, Nortec Collective, Los Auténticos Decadentes, La Habitación Roja, Los Straitjackets, El Otro Yo, Maldita Vecindad, Sussie 4, Liquits, Los Dynamite, Kapanga, Lost Acapulco, Javiera Mena, Botellita de Jerez, Santa Sabina, Quiero Club, Thermo, Insite, Niña, Los Fancy Free, Árbol, Dildo, Caramelos de Cianuro, Descartes a Kant, Tolidos, Disidente, Urlaub in Polen, Ceci Bastida, Los Daniels, Ángeles del Infierno, Le Baron, Ventilader, dante, Tren Loco, Satin Dolls, El Haragan, Los Mentas, Los Ratones Paranoicos, Los Caligaris, Sonidero Nacional, yokozuna, Kill Aniston, Gerardo Enciso, pato machete, Pánico Ramírez, DLD, Troker, Lawson, The Volture, Payro, Electric Co., Jackie'O, $6M Weirdo, Ágora and Sr. Flavio
June 2009.
Saturday, 27 June - Sunday, 28 June
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs, Andrés Calamaro, Molotov, Kinky, Jaguares, Zoé, Los Bunkers, La Vela Puerca, Gondwana, La Gusana Ciega, Little Joy, La Fuga, Ximena Sariñana, Nortec Collective, La Lupita, Petra, Instituto Mexicano del Sonido, Austin TV, Fidel Nadal, Blasted Mechanism, Gepe, San Pascualito Rey, Hello Seahorse!, Vetusta Morla, Inspector, La Castañeda, Victimas Del Doctor Cerebro, Dios, Anita Tijoux, Monocordio, Casino, División Minúscula, Bengala, Hummersqueal, Silverio, Los Concorde, finde, La Pulqueria, Mariachi Terror, Rescate, Los Gatos, Jaramar, Guillotina, Volován, Los Daniels, Banda De Turistas, Cabezas de Cera, Adanowsky, Sekta Core, Bill, Marky Ramone, Los Esquizitos, Satin Dolls, Hana, Salón Victoria, Enjambre, Yokozuna, Fratta, Los Dorados, Paté de Fuá, Fenómeno Fuzz, Simplifires, Cienfue, Sr Mandril, Niña Dioz, Alonso Arreola, Ritmo Peligroso, Neon Walrus, Lemons, El Clan, Banda bostik, Alejandro Otaola, Maligno, Los Marty, Los Weeds, Play&amp;Movil Project, discoRUIDO!, Atto &amp; The Majestics, Oh My Oh, Consumatum Est, Dirty Karma, Clondementto, Santiago Behm, Pila Seca, Zordem, Mongol Gol Gol, The Satura, Desarmado and zanate y asociados.
April 2010.
Friday, 23 April - Sunday, 25 April
Abominables, Ágora, Aguamala, Andrés Cantisani, Astro, Aterciopelados, Austin TV, Banda de Turistas, Bocafloja, Calexico, Calle 13, Carca, Cecilia Toussaint, Celso Piña, Cienfue, Corcobado, Cráneo de Jade, Crista Galli, Cuca, Chetes, DaPuntoBeat, Deftones, Descartes a Kant, DLD, Dr Frankenstein (ópera rock), Dr Krapula, El Cuarteto de Nos, Ely Guerra, Empire of the Sun, Estados Alterados, Francisca Valenzuela, Furland, Hello Seahorse! (surprise guest band), Juan Pablo Villa Julieta Venegas, Kafka Jones, Kapanga, Kenny (from Kenny and the Electrics), Kimah, Klemerzon, Kumbia Queers, La Chilanga Habanera, Le Butcherettes, LeBaron, Liber Teran, Liran'roll, Los Amigos Invisibles, Los Auténticos Decadentes, Los Mentas, Los Músicos de José, Los Negretes, Los Odio, Los Románticos de Zacatecas, Los Tres, Lost Acapulco, Malacates Trébol Shop, Mägo de Oz, Manuel García, Misterio, Monte Negro, Muna Zul, Mystica Girls, Nacho Vegas, Nos Llamamos, Ozomatli, Panteón Rococó, Paté de Fuá, Pedro Piedra, Polka Madre, Pato Machete, Qué Payasos, Quiero Club, Rise Against, Rodrigo y Gabriela, Rostros Ocultos, Salón Victoria, San Pascualito Rey (surprise guest band), Silverio, Ska-P, Sonex, Sussie 4, Thermo, Tijuana No!, Todos Tus Muertos, Troker, Ventilader, Veo Muertos, Vicente Gayo, Víctimas del Doctor Cerebro, Victoria Mil.
April 2011.
Friday, 8 April - Sunday, 10 April
March 2012.
Friday, 23 March - Sunday, 25 March
March 2013.
Thursday, 14 March - Sunday, 17 March

</doc>
<doc id="7012192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012192" title="Westbury, Somerset">
Westbury, Somerset



</doc>
<doc id="7012193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012193" title="Getrag 282 transmission">
Getrag 282 transmission

The Getrag 282 transmission was a 5-speed manual transaxle designed by Getrag for Chevrolet. It is sometimes referred to as the Muncie 282 or the Muncie Getrag 282, as the transmission was manufactured by the Muncie, Indiana manual transmission plant. It has been used in various front-wheel drive transverse engine applications including the Chevrolet Cavalier, Pontiac Sunbird, Pontiac Grand Am, Chevrolet Beretta and the Oldsmobile Achieva. It was also used in the mid-engined rear-wheel drive Pontiac Fiero. In its later years, the Getrag 282 was manufactured by New Venture Gear and renamed the NVG T550.
Gear ratios.
The topic of available gear ratios has been widely debated due to the numerous applications of this transaxle. The 1987 GM Getrag Service Manual confirms that there are at least two versions of the Getrag 282. According to the manual, the two versions were sold under 5 different part numbers based on body and engine usage. The first version, Regular Production Option (RPO) code MG2 was used for all GM V6 applications (FWD and the RWD Fiero) and the second version, RPO code MG1, was used for the 2.0 L turbocharged engine used by Pontiac and Buick. Gear ratios are given below, as taken from the GM Product Service Training Manual.
MG2 and MG1 ratios:
A later version was designed for the Quad 4 High-Output engine, using a 3.50/2.05 1st/2nd, 1.38 3rd, 1.03:1 4th, .80:1 5th, and 3.94:1 final drive.
The Getrag 282 used in Quad 4-equipped 1990 and 1991 Pontiac Grand Prix and Oldsmobile Cutlass Supremes is rumored to use a 3.77/2.19 1st/2nd gear while retaining the 3.61:1 final drive ratio. An export-only version is confirmed to have been built for use in Oldsmobile Silhouette vans sold in the European market as the Pontiac Trans Sport. It was mated to the Quad 4 engine and uses a 3.77/2.19/1.38/1.03/.80/3.94 gearset.
Mixing of gearsets can be achieved due to the similarity between the various transmissions, but some gears must be interchanged in sets. First and second gear are integral to the input shaft and cannot be interchanged independently. All transmissions have a third gear ratio of 1.38:1. However, third and fourth gear are clustered on the counter shaft which was available with two different fourth gear ratios: 1.03:1 or .94:1. Fifth gear is independently interchangeable and available with a .80:1 and .72:1 ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="7012194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012194" title="Good Morning Revival!">
Good Morning Revival!



</doc>
<doc id="7012196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012196" title="José Luis De Jesús Miranda">
José Luis De Jesús Miranda



</doc>
<doc id="7012204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012204" title="Communication endpoint">
Communication endpoint

A communication endpoint is a type of communication network node. It is an interface exposed by a communicating party or by a communication channel. An example of the latter type of a communication endpoint is a publish–subscribe topic or a group in group communication systems.

</doc>
<doc id="7012216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012216" title="1978 World Championship for Makes">
1978 World Championship for Makes

The 1978 World Sportscar Championship season was the 26th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing. It featured the 1978 World Championship for Makes, which was contested from 4 February to 3 September 1978 over an eight race series. The 24 Hours of Daytona and the 1000 km Nürburgring were part of the inaugural FIA World Challenge for Endurance Drivers.
The championship was open to cars in Groups 1 to 5, i.e.:
Porsche was awarded the overall championship and the Division 2 title for cars with an engine capacity of over 2 litres. BMW was awarded the Division 1 title for cars with an engine capacity of up to 2 litres and Porsche won the GT Cup.
Points system.
Points were awarded to the top 10 finishers in each division on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis. Manufacturers were only allocated points for their highest finishing car with no points awarded for positions filled by any other car from that manufacturer.
Only the best six points finishes could be retained towards the championship, with any other points earned not included in the total.
Championship results.
The overall championship was awarded to the winner of Division 2 (Over 2000cc), Porsche thus scoring their third straight World Championship for Makes victory.

</doc>
<doc id="7012243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012243" title="Southern Lakes (electoral district)">
Southern Lakes (electoral district)

Southern Lakes was an electoral district in rural Yukon which returned a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon in Canada. It was one of the eight rural ridings in the Yukon at the time.
Southern Lakes was originally created as part of the 2002 Electoral Boundaries Commission when the riding of Ross River-Southern Lakes was divided into the ridings of Southern Lakes and Pelly-Nisutlin. Southern Lakes retained the communities of Carcross and Tagish and merged with the bedroom community of Marsh Lake.
The riding was also part of the traditional territory of the Carcross/Tagish First Nation, the Teslin Tlingit Council, the Kwanlin Dün First Nation, and the Ta'an Kwach'an Council. It was bordered by the rural ridings of Pelly-Nisutlin, Kluane, and Lake Laberge, as well as the rural-residential riding of Mount Lorne south of Whitehorse.
The riding was held by the Yukon Party's Patrick Rouble during its brief existence.
In the 2009 electoral redistribution, the riding was dissolved, combining with the Hamlet of Mount Lorne to form the new riding of Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes.
Election results.
2006.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 651
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2002.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 569
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –

</doc>
<doc id="7012257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012257" title="Group communication system">
Group communication system

The term Group Communication System (GCS) refers to a software platform that implements some form of group communication. Examples of group communication systems include IS-IS, Spread Toolkit, Appia framework, QuickSilver, and IBM's group services component. Message queue systems are somewhat similar.
Group communication systems commonly provide specific guarantees about the total ordering of messages, such as if the sender of a message receives it back from the GCS, then it is certain that it has been delivered to all other nodes in the system. This property is useful when constructing data replication systems.

</doc>
<doc id="7012284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012284" title="Second Link Expressway">
Second Link Expressway

The Second Link Expressway is a controlled-access highway in Johor, Malaysia. It runs from Senai, Kulai District near the international airport to the Malaysia–Singapore Second Link at Tanjung Kupang, Johor Bahru District.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero for the entire expressway is located at the Malaysia–Singapore border at the Malaysia–Singapore Second Link.
History.
Construction of the Second Link.
In July 1989, United Engineers Malaysia Berhad (UEM) submitted a proposal to the government of Malaysia to privatize the construction of a second link to Singapore. The acceptance of the proposal brought about the signing of a concession agreement in July 1993, giving exclusive rights and authority to UEM to design, construct, manage, operate and maintain the bridge and expressways for a period of 30 years commencing 27 July 1993.
Following this, a novation agreement was executed in May 1994, whereby UEM assigned all its rights, liabilities and obligations in respect of the concession agreement to Linkedua (Malaysia) Berhad, a wholly owned subsidiary of UEM.
The major components of the project are the Second Crossing bridge, 44 kilometers of expressways, The Sultan Abu Bakar Customs, Immigration and Quarantine Complex, three toll plazas, two rest and service areas and other ancillary facilities. The bridge was designed to accommodate up to 200,000 vehicles a day.
Opening ceremony.
The Second Link was opened to traffic on 2 January 1998. It was officially opened on 18 April the same year by the Prime Ministers of both countries, namely Mahathir Mohamad of Malaysia and Goh Chok Tong of Singapore. The Malaysia–Singapore Second Crossing heralded a new era in bilateral relations, and brought with it the promise of improved economic and social ties.
In 2007, PLUS Expressway Berhad had entered into conditional agreements with the UEM Group to acquire the entire interests in Expressway Lingkaran Tengah Sdn Bhd (Elite) and Linkedua (Malaysia) Bhd for RM866mil. Since then, both ELITE and LINKEDUA became wholly owned subsidiaries of PLUS Expressways Berhad.
Pontian Link.
A new link heading towards Pontian (Pontian Link) through the Pulai Interchange Exit 307A at km 15.3 on the Second Link Expressway was opened to traffic starting from 1:00 pm, 10 November 2007 on Saturday.
The Pontian Link provides easy access for highway users, connecting the Second Link Expressway (from Pulai Interchange) to Ulu Choh-Gelang Patah Interchange (KM5).
Construction of the 2.7 km link started on 17 April 2006 and was fully completed on 16 October 2007.
Toll systems.
Toll payments are for the expressway and Second Link tolls. Only Touch 'n Go, PLUSMiles, SmartTAG and MyRFID electronic payment system are accepted at all Second Link toll plazas, and is the only accepted paying method at the Perling, Lima Kedai and Tanjung Kupang toll plazas, though top-up lanes are available. Singapore dollar is also accepted at all Second Link toll plazas but at the rate of 1:1 (i.e. Pay S$1.00 for RM1.00, and all change are given in Malaysian ringgit). Tanjung Kupang toll plaza was the only toll along the entire highway which charged rates for motorcyclists at RM1.10 each. Since 1 January 2019, toll collection for motorcyclists ceased operations. As of March 2023, there are no longer off-peak hour toll rates.
Fares.
"(Since 1 March 2023)"

</doc>
<doc id="7012295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012295" title="Noel Devine Sanders">
Noel Devine Sanders



</doc>
<doc id="7012311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012311" title="Pelly-Nisutlin">
Pelly-Nisutlin

Pelly-Nisutlin is an electoral district which returns a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada. It was created in 2002 out of the districts of Faro and Ross River-Southern Lakes. The riding includes the communities of Teslin, Faro, Ross River, Little Salmon, and Johnsons Crossing. It encompasses the traditional territory of the Teslin Tlingit Council and the Ross River Dena Council of the Kaska Dena. Pelly-Nisutlin is bordered by the rural ridings of Mayo-Tatchun, Lake Laberge, Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes, and Watson Lake.
Boundary commission controversy.
Yukon electoral boundaries are examined by a commission every ten years to determine whether they should be adjusted. When Pelly-Nisutlin was created, it drew criticism from the Village of Teslin and the Teslin Tlingit Council, which argued that it should not be part of the same riding as Ross River and Faro, but rather Carcross and Tagish. There was concern not only that the MLA representing the district would face challenges representing and travelling to the communities of such a vast area (Faro is better accessed through Whitehorse), but also because there were greater commonalities between the Teslin Tlingit Council and the Carcross/Tagish First Nation.
Accordingly, the commission considered dismantling the electoral district and redistributing it into neighbouring districts, but rejected the option as it would create a greater imbalance between rural and urban seats in the Yukon. It also rejected the suggestion that Teslin form its own riding, since it was seen as too small in population. The report concluded: "while we acknowledge that the relationship of the Teslin area to the remainder of the electoral district is somewhat of an anomaly, we are unable to propose a justifiable solution other than to retain the district within its current boundaries."
Election results.
2016.
 
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"| 661
!align="right"| 100.0%
!align="right"|–
2011.
 
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"| 557
!align="right"| 100.0%
!align="right"| –
2006.
 
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|572
!align="right"|100.0%
!align="right"| –
2002.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|640
!align="right"|100.0%
!align="right"| –

</doc>
<doc id="7012312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012312" title="Tiffany DuPont">
Tiffany DuPont



</doc>
<doc id="7012317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012317" title="Bobbie Battista">
Bobbie Battista

Barbara Ann "Bobbie" Battista (July 23, 1952 – March 3, 2020) was an American journalist and a prominent newscaster on CNN. During her 20-year career with the cable news company, Battista anchored numerous programs on CNN, CNN Headline News, and CNN International.
Education.
Born Barbara Ann Nusser, Battista earned a bachelor's degree in radio, television, and film production at Northwestern University in 1974.
Career.
After beginning her career at a radio station in Raleigh, North Carolina, she moved on to be an anchor, reporter and producer with WRAL-TV; she was the writer and assistant producer for the 1981 documentary "Fed up with Fear", which won a Peabody Award. On November 17, 2006, Battista returned to WRAL to co-anchor a special "reunion" newscast celebrating the station's 50th anniversary.
With CNN, Battista was one of the original anchors on the CNN Headline News station, and then moved to the main network in 1988, where she served as host of numerous daily and regularly scheduled shows as well as handling anchor and reporting duties. She anchored "CNN WorldDay", "CNN NewsDay", "CNN NewsHour", "CNN Daybreak" (during the Gulf War), "CNN PrimeNews", and "CNN WorldNews". During that time, she also reported on historic events including the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster, the Gulf War, the US Air Flight 427 crash and the September 11 attacks. Battista also hosted a regular program CNNI World News (1600 CET) on the CNN International network since 1992, when CNN/US show CNN WorldDay was canceled due to expanding of "CNN Morning News". Her unique style was often parodied on "Saturday Night Live", "MADtv" and Australian sketch comedy show "Fast Forward". She was also very popular in Eastern Europe, especially in Poland, Czechoslovakia and Germany, while she anchored HLN.
In 1998, Battista was named as the host of the first multi-platform interactive talk show, "TalkBack Live", which ran for an hour on weekday afternoons. Battista left CNN after the merger of CNN's parent company, Time Warner, with America Online in 2001. She joined her husband John Brimelow's firm, Atamira Communications, and provided strategic counsel to a wide range of Fortune 500 companies. Battista remained active in television and was a member of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (AFTRA).
In 2009, Battista made periodic, part-time contributions to ONN; the Onion News Network, her first report was released in February 2009.
Battista, who lived in Atlanta, Georgia, was also in the process of starting a new video production company focusing on reality television programming. In 2014, Battista began hosting "On the Story" on Georgia Public Broadcasting.
Awards.
While employed at CNN, Battista was recognized with a number of awards. She wrote and produced a series on youth crime involving five stations, and was the recipient of a Peabody Award for her efforts. She was also nominated for an On Cable magazine award for Outstanding News Personality in 1984. In 1986 she was voted Cable Guide's best newscaster, and in 1995 she was nominated for a CableACE Award.
Personal life.
Battista was married to John Brimelow and had a stepdaughter.
She died of cervical cancer on March 3, 2020, at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="7012319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012319" title="Anastasia Rebecca de Sousa">
Anastasia Rebecca de Sousa



</doc>
<doc id="7012327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012327" title="Johari Abdul-Malik">
Johari Abdul-Malik

Johari Abdul-Malik Ibn Winslow Seale (born in Brooklyn, New York City) is a convert to Islam, and was previously the Director of Outreach for the Dar Al Hijrah Islamic Center in Northern Virginia from June 2002 until June 2017.
He is also the former Chair of the Coordinating Council of Muslim Organizations, the former head of the National Association of Muslim Chaplains in Higher Education, President of the Muslim Society of Washington, Inc., and a founding member of the Muslim Advocacy Commission of Washington, DC. In addition, he serves as the chair of government relations of the Muslim Alliance in North America.
Early life.
His mother is from northern Louisiana, and his father is from Barbados. Abdul-Malik was raised as an Anglican by his African American parents in Brooklyn, New York, until "at confirmation the teachings of the Ten Commandments exposed the inherent contradiction of western Christianity." He explored Taoism and "Asian spirituality" in high school.
While attending Howard University in Washington, DC, where he began in 1974 and received a BS in chemistry and an MS in Genetics and Human Genetics, he became a self-described Black activist, musician, and vegetarian, learning Transcendental Meditation. In graduate school he converted to Islam, and became President of the Muslim Student Association chapter at Howard. He completed his clinical post-graduate training program in Bioethics at the Georgetown University Kennedy Center for Ethics, completing his Ph.D. course work in Bioethics and Genetics.
Abdul-Malik performed Hajj in 1994.
Muslim chaplain of Howard University.
In November 1998, Abdul-Malik was named chaplain of Howard University. He served as the first officially recognized Muslim chaplain in higher education in the United States. Abdul-Malik resigned at the end of the spring 2004 semester. Abdul-Malik spoke as a panelist at the American Muslims for Global Peace and Justice's March 8, 2002 press conference, criticizing Israel's policy towards Palestine. He was also a panelist at a gathering that voiced its concerned of the murder charge that faced former chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and later the militant Justice Minister of the Black Panther Party Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin (H. Rap Brown). Abdul-Malik publicly denounced a series of U.S. government raids of various northern Virginia Muslims' homes and offices in March 2002 that were launched in part to find evidence against Palestinian civil rights activist Sami Al-Arian.
Dar al-Hijrah.
In June 2002, Abdul-Malik joined the Dar al-Hijrah mosque as its Director of Outreach, and spokesman. The mosque uses a "team approach". He said: "It's important that there's an American at the mosque to speak with media, to defend Islam who can talk about the rights of Muslims. It would be difficult for us if we had an imam who didn't understand the process here."
Abdul-Malik denied claims that Dar al-Hijrah is a center of Islamic fundamentalism.
Abdul-Malik and Reverend Graylan Hagler created the Ramadan Feed-the-Needy Program in Washington, DC, an organization that gives food to 100 homeless every night during Ramadan. Following the federal charges against a Dar Al-Hijrah worshiper Ahmed Omar Abu Ali for plotting with members of Al Qaeda to assassinate President George W. Bush, after Abu Ali was imprisoned by Saudi officials for 20 months without charges under allegations of torture and later extradited to the United States, Abdul-Malik stated to the press in February 2005 that, "our whole community is under siege...they see it as a civil rights case" in response to escalating federal law enforcement investigations within the Northern Virginia Muslim community.
Reaction to Ali al-Timimi conviction.
When in April 2005, Ali al-Timimi of Fairfax, Virginia, an American-born Muslim cleric, was convicted of inciting followers to wage war against the US just days after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and for recruiting for the Pakistani terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Toiba, and the paintball terrorist cell, Abdul-Malik said: "There is a view many Muslims have when they come to America that you could not be arrested for something you say. But now they have discovered they are not free to speak their minds. And if our opinions are out of vogue in the current climate, we feel we are all at risk." Al-Timimi was sentenced to life imprisonment.
TV spot against terrorism.
After the July 2005 London bombings that killed 55 people, a 30-second public service TV spot was run called "Not in the Name of Islam," featuring Abdul-Malik and two American Muslim women. In the spot they said:
We often hear claims Muslims don't condemn terrorism and that Islam condones violence. As Muslims, we want to state clearly that those who commit acts of terror in the name of Islam are betraying the teachings of the Koran and the Prophet Mohammed. We reject anyone – of any faith – who commits such brutal acts and will not allow our faith to be hijacked by criminals. Islam is not about hatred and violence. It's about peace and justice.
Anti-terrorism press conference.
In a press conference on July 25, 2005, Abdul-Malik said, "People who would go out and kill anyone, of any religion, from any country, of any age, for no reason other than the fact they are angry, isolated and upset is against God by whatever name you call [him]." He told reporters that the weekend before, when he attended his mosque, a young person told him someone had tried to "recruit" him, but Abdul-Malik said he had never heard of al Qaeda recruiting in his community. He said he told the youth, "You need to alienate yourself from those people. They're saying to you that they're your friend, and that you'll be their confidant, when in reality, they're going to sell you out."
Effort against domestic violence.
In January 2008, Abdul-Malik was trying to establish a nationwide movement of Muslim men to lobby for the new interpretation of Chapter 4, Verse 34 of the Koran. The verse has long interpreted as giving husbands the right to beat their wives as the final step in an escalating series of punishments for being rebellious (following admonishing their wives, and then abandoning them in bed). "That is the linchpin, the fulcrum that justifies domestic violence in the Muslim context," he said. The new interpretation would interpret the verse as calling for women to be obedient to God.
Response to reactions to Fort Hood shooter.
In November 2009, Abdul-Malik responded to former Dar al-Hijrah Imam Anwar al-Awlaki's support of the Fort Hood shooter by saying:
Al-Awlaqi ... supported the crime that Hasan committed and said that the US Muslims who opposed the crime have betrayed the Muslim ummah (the community of Muslims worldwide) and are hypocrites. I answer him by saying that he has thus separated himself from the Muslim community in the United States. The holy Koran teaches us that we as US Muslims should enrich the society we live in with humanitarian services, wisdom, teaching God's beautiful verses about love, mercy, and compassion to all mankind.
Abdul-Malik went on to say that of those who worshiped at the mosque,
Many of the immigrants focused on the conspiracy theory. Some said that Hasan did not commit the crime but that it was committed by other US military personnel who then killed him and said that he was the one who did it. They are like those who said that the 11 September attacks were not committed by those who committed them and that it too was a "conspiracy." I am one of those whose ancestors came here hundreds of years ago. I am a black American, and I know that "denial" is the explanation of those who cannot explain what they see or hear, especially if they belong to a minority group and are not used to the US way of life. But we black Americans have passed these stages. We became involved in political action and the President of the United States is now one of us. Perhaps I am saying what I am saying because I was a Christian and became Muslim. But I believe that this issue is a temporary one, and we ask God to raise us from one stage to another.
Reaction to Anwar al-Awlaki.
Former colleague Abdul-Malik said in May 2010 that al-Awlaki "is a terrorist, in my book".
Personal life.
Abdul-Malik resides in the DC area with his wife and has 3 children.

</doc>
<doc id="7012328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012328" title="Qué Hiciste">
Qué Hiciste

"Qué Hiciste" (English: "What Have You Done") is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her fifth studio album, "Como Ama una Mujer" (2007). It was written and produced by Marc Anthony and Julio Reyes Copello, with additional writing from Jimena Romero. "Qué Hiciste" became a commercial success for Lopez, appearing in a wide range of charts around the world. The song became her first Spanish-language song to chart inside the "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching a peak position of eighty-six. It also peaked atop of "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play and Hot Latin Tracks charts. The song additionally reached the top position in Italy and in Switzerland. Lopez performed the song on "American Idol" on April 11, 2007; becoming the first artist ever to perform a Spanish song on the show.
Music and lyrics.
"Qué Hiciste" is a Latin rock and R&amp;B song, with a length of four minutes and fifty-eight seconds (4:58). The song was written by Jimena Romero, Julio Reyes Copello, Marc Anthony, and produced by Estéfano and Reyes. The song marked the beginning of a musical project that lasted for three years and was originally conceived from a dream that Anthony had with Spanish recording artist Rocío Jurado two weeks after the singer's death. According to him, Jurado asked him to listen to a piece of music, which turned out to be the primary melody for the song. He elaborated that, within the dream, Jurado told him that the song, yet to be titled, was exclusively "for Jennifer." Lopez revealed that as Anthony did not want to forget the lyrics, and without any studio equipment nearby, she grabbed her phone, called up her answering machine and asked her husband to sing the melody. She also revealed that, with the help of a composer, "Que Hiciste" was finished in a couple of weeks. After a few months, Lopez started to write the lyrics with a Spanish songwriter, and finished it in fifteen minutes. Lopez asserted that recording a song in her parents' language was "a dream come true" for her.
The song was originally meant to be a ballad. However, as the lyrics were being written, "Qué Hiciste" turned into "something harder, with a bit more of a rock tinge to it. It's an incredibly intense song. [...] It's passionate and a lot of fun, with a killer message." Lopez claimed she loves the song, "and I hope other people love it as much as I do." James Reed of "The Boston Globe" noted the song to be a "diva-mode kiss-off" of a lover who "unraveled her happy home", noting the lyrics: "Se te olvidó que era el amor lo que importaba/ Y con tus manos derrumbaste nuestra casa" ("You forgot that it was love that mattered/ And with your hands you tore down our home"). He concluded by stating "that's about all the trash-talking Lopez wants to do". Two months later, Lopez and Anthony re-recorded the song in salsa which was produced by Anthony's longtime producer Sergio George in The Hit Factory Criteria studio in Miami. George commented that his years of experience with Anthony made the task "easier and the result, extraordinary".
Critical response and accolades.
Tijana Ilich of About.com gave a positive review of the song, stating that if the rest of "Como Ama una Mujer" is as good as "Qué Hiciste", "it's going to mean another big hit for Lopez". James Reed of "The Boston Globe" called "Qué Hiciste" a detour on "an otherwise lush, quiet album". Sal Cinquemani of "Slant Magazine" expressed his disappointment in "Como Ama una Mujer" lacking a "Latin booty-shaker" song, citing "Qué Hiciste" as "the closest we get".
On the "Billboard" Latin Music Awards of 2008, "Qué Hiciste" received a nomination for Latin Pop Airplay Song of the Year which was awarded to "Eres Para Mí" by Julieta Venegas. The song received a Broadcast Music, Inc. Awards of 2008, the song received a BMI Latin award.
Commercial performance.
"Qué Hiciste" became a commercial success for Lopez, appearing in a wide range of charts around the world. The song became her first Spanish-language song to chart inside the "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching a peak position of eighty-six. Additionally, the song became a hit on several other "Billboard" charts, including top positions at the Latin Songs and Hot Dance Club Play charts. Apart from the United States, the song appeared in several European national charts. In Italy, "Qué Hiciste" debuted atop the national chart on the week ending March 15, 2007, and stayed atop the chart for two consecutive weeks before dropping to number five. In Switzerland, the song debuted at number one on the week ending March 25, 2007. The following week, the song fell to number two, only to regain its peak position atop the chart on its first week before slowly dropping from the chart, where it stayed for 32 weeks. In Germany, "Qué Hiciste" managed to reach the top ten, peaking at number ten. In Belgium, the song reached number thirteen in Flanders and eleven in Wallonia. Finally, it reached the nineteenth position of the charts in Austria. The ringtone of the song managed to reach number one in Portugal.
Promotion and music video.
The music video premiered on MTV on February 5, 2007.
The clip opens with Lopez driving an old car down a dusty highway in the middle of the desert, leaning out of the window singing. She pulls over at a gas station and enters the bathroom to change clothes. She is then seen dancing in the desert with flames in front and behind her. The view cuts between this and Lopez changing into new clothes and dying her hair at the washbasin. She then continues driving, but this time across the desert sand, away from the highway. She stops and gets a can of gasoline out the trunk, then pours it over the car. The car then explodes behind Lopez as she walks away. She is then seen dancing in a change of clothes in the sand, cutting between her back in the car and in the desert with the flames.
On April 11, 2007, Lopez performed "Qué Hiciste" on "American Idol". She became the first artist to perform a Spanish-language song in the show's history. The performance featured a heavy use of a smoke machine and was introduced with a montage of outtakes from Lopez's stint on the show the day prior.
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "Como Ama una Mujer".
Technical
Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="7012340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012340" title="Harindranath Chattopadhyay">
Harindranath Chattopadhyay

Harindranath Chattopadhyay (2 April 1898 – 23 June 1990) was an Indian English poet, dramatist, actor, musician, and a member of the 1st Lok Sabha from Vijayawada constituency. He was the younger brother of Sarojini Naidu, the second woman President of the Indian National Congress and first Indian woman to hold the position, and Virendranath Chattopadhyay, an international communist revolutionary. The Government of India awarded him the civilian honour of the Padma Bhushan in 1973.
Life.
Chattopadhyay, a poet and singer, is famous for poems such as "Noon" and "Shaper Shaped". His father earned a Doctorate of Science from the University of Edinburgh, and settled in Hyderabad State, where he founded and acted as head of the Hyderabad College, which later became the Nizam's College in Hyderabad. His mother was a poet and used to write poetry in Bengali. His other interests were politics, music, theatre and cinema.
His first book of poems, "The Feast of Youth," was published when he was 19 years old, and received praise from Arthur Quiller-Couch and James Henry Cousins. He wrote in English but of topics relating to ancient Indian culture and Vedic ideas.
He was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1973. He married Kamaladevi Chattopadhyaya, a socialist and leader of women, who created the All India Women's Conference, the Indian Cooperative Union, and also was the inspiration for the All Indian Handicraft's Board, a body which revived many Indian handicrafts (such as pottery and weaving) decimated by the Industrial Revolution in Britain in the 19th century. They had two sons together, one of which died in 2008. Kamaladevi and Harin's divorce was the first legal separation granted by the courts of India. It was amicable.
Harindranath Chattopadhyay often recited his poem "Rail Gaadi" on All India Radio ("Akashavani"). The song was memorably sung by Ashok Kumar in the film . He himself wrote the lyrics, composed the music and sang a few songs, notable among which were "Surya Ast Ho Gaya" and "Tarun Arun Se Ranjit Dharani". He penned the first English song in any Hindi Film, and it became an all time hit – "My Heart Is Beating" – in "Julie", which launched the Film Playback singing career of Preeti Sagar. He also wrote a number of poems for children in Hindi. His poems were appreciated by the Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore.
In 1951 Lok Sabha elections, Harindranath Chattopadhyay won from Vijayawada Lok Sabha constituency in Madras State as an independent candidate, supported by the Communist Party of India. He was a member of the 1st Lok Sabha from 14 April 1952 to 4 April 1957.
His most famous acting role was in the Hindi movie "Bawarchi" ("The Chef"), which was made in 1972. It was adapted by Hrishikesh Mukherjee from the Bengali film Galpo Holeo Satti, directed by Tapan Sinha. Chattopadhyay played the role of the strict and regimented patriarch of the house, where his sons, daughters-in-law and grandchildren lived in a joint family and still respected and abided by his rules. He had cameos in three Satyajit Ray films: playing the wizard Barfi in "Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne"; the human encyclopaedia, Sidhujyatha, in "Sonar Kella"; and the senior member of the Board of Directors, Sir Baren Roy, in "Seemabaddha."
He also acted in the 1984 Mumbai Doordarshan TV Serial Ados Pados. Amol Palekar was the protagonist in this serial.
Chattopadhyay died of cardiac arrest on 23 June 1990 in Bombay.
Poems.
"The Earthen Goblet" is one of Chattopadhyay's poems. The poem is written in a conversational tone. The poet presents a dialogue between the goblet and the narrator. The narrator asks the red goblet to recount its experiences as it is moulded by the potter. When the potter made this goblet, he used all his skills and made the beautiful goblet which was full of impulse. The Potter worked hard with the clay and the clay enjoyed the fragrant companionship of the little flower and the unshapely earth which the potter has taken away.
"Fire" is one of Chattopadhyay's tragic poems. In this poem a newly born baby asks a question to leaping flames. In fact, the infant's deceased mother had been set on fire and the child asked their question to the flames. The fire already consumed the dead mother and unveiled life in its lonely nakedness. The fire then answers that it is the terrible desire that shaped the infant in his mother's womb.
"Beside the Death Bed" is an example of his philosophical poetry. In this poem, Chattopadhyay says that death is the highest bidder and life is the lowest, this being his explanation as to why there is strife in life. According to the poem, man is the coffin of life, and life is the cradle of death.
"Sorrow" is a short poem. The small piece brings attention to the importance of sorrow being from a creator. The poem says a person who has lost his lover realizes deep and intense sorrow. It uses the symbolic image of a dove as the Holy Spirit.
"Futurity" gives yet another genre of writing explored by Chattopadhyay's poetry. Here, man is presented in unique form. According to the poem, time is the womb of eternity. Each man is compared to a foetus. All birth is yet to be born since man is unfinished and still in the making, and the foetus is awaiting the time to be born.
"Shaper Shaped" is marked by its stark simplicity. The narrative voice shows how the shaper has been shaped into the objects which he used to shape earlier. A potter shapes the clay and thus can make a beautiful pot. The narrator praises his work of art. At the end of the poem, the marrator kneels at the feet of a supreme power, who is identified at the one who created the potter himself.

</doc>
<doc id="7012341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012341" title="Bradley Airport">
Bradley Airport



</doc>
<doc id="7012342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012342" title="Maypo">
Maypo

Maypo is an American brand of hot cereals. The original product was maple flavored oatmeal but there are now a variety of flavors sold under the Maypo brand name. It was originally manufactured by Maltex Co. and is now owned by Homestat Farm,
Ltd. It was best known for its television commercials with the catchphrase, "I Want My Maypo" by Marky Maypo.
History.
Maypo was developed by the Maltex Corporation in Burlington, Vermont, a company that had been manufacturing wheat and barley cereal since 1899 under the name Malted Cereals Company. Maypo was first marketed in 1951.
Shortly after the development of Maypo, Maltex was sold in 1956 and became a division of Heublein. By the mid-1960s its market share had declined and Maltex was sold to American Home Products. In 2001 Homestat Farm, Ltd. purchased Maypo.
Advertising.
The original "I Want My Maypo" ad was developed in 1956 by the Fletcher, Richards, Calkins &amp; Holden Advertising Agency. The animation was done by Emery Hawkins, and produced by John Hubley’s studio. The commercial, which appealed to children, increased sales on average 78%, with some markets increasing sales by 186%.
Maypo's later television ads sometimes featured athletes—including Mickey Mantle, Wilt Chamberlain and Johnny Unitas—crying "I want my Maypo!"
In popular culture.
MTV's "I want my MTV!" image and branding campaign in 1982 was based on the "I want my Maypo!" catchphrase; both were developed by George Lois. 
A Maypo commercial is seen on a television screen in the 1999 animated film "The Iron Giant". In the 2015 "Signature Edition", it was replaced with a commercial advertising Disney's Tomorrowland attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="7012349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012349" title="United States Presidential election, 2008">
United States Presidential election, 2008



</doc>
<doc id="7012351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012351" title="California High School Cosmic Ray Observatory">
California High School Cosmic Ray Observatory



</doc>
<doc id="7012359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012359" title="M61 and M63 stake mines">
M61 and M63 stake mines

The M61 or Model 61 and M63 or Model 63 are French anti-personnel stake fragmentation stake mines the mines are sometimes called "piquet" (picket). The M61 is slightly larger than the M63, but otherwise the mines are similar in appearance and operation. The mines have plastic cases, and use the ALPR ID 59 fuze, which is also used in the MI AP DV 59 mine, it can also be fitted with a tripwire fuze. The mines can be fitted with a plastic detonator making the mine very difficult to detect.
The M63 has an anti-lifting device, attempting to pull the mine out of the ground will result in pressure on the stakes prongs, triggering the mine.
The mine has not been produced since 1982 and France has destroyed all operational stocks of this mine.

</doc>
<doc id="7012362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012362" title="M61 mine">
M61 mine



</doc>
<doc id="7012368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012368" title="M63 mine">
M63 mine



</doc>
<doc id="7012369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012369" title="North Bradley, Wiltshire">
North Bradley, Wiltshire



</doc>
<doc id="7012375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012375" title="Der Kaiser von Kalifornien">
Der Kaiser von Kalifornien

Der Kaiser von Kalifornien (English: The Emperor of California), is a 1936 film that was the first Western film made in Nazi Germany. Some exterior scenes were shot on location in the United States at Sedona, Arizona, the Grand Canyon, and Death Valley in California.
Plot.
The film follows the life story of Johann Augustus Sutter, the owner of Sutter's Mill, famous as the birthplace of the great California Gold Rush of 1849. However much of the story re-writes the actual history of Sutter. While the basic story of Sutter's life is retained, the producers inserted some notable changes reflecting the political environment of the film's creation: though Sutter was a Swiss-German, the film emphasizes his German ethnicity, and though he changed his name to John when he came to the United States, throughout the film he retains the name Johann.
The film juxtaposes the "easy" money of gold-digging with the wealth and values created by hard work, as the gold rush eventually destroys Sutter's fortunes while promoting social disintegration and the loss of solidarity and companionship.
In the final scene the aged and impoverished Sutter is shown in Washington, D.C., where he has a vision of America's future industrial might, seeing a land full of skyscrapers and factories.
Unlike most American Westerns of the 1930s, "The Emperor of California" offers a sympathetic portrait of the Native Americans, whom Sutter respectfully befriends. In this it follows the Karl May tradition of German Western stories, which often featured noble Native Americans and German immigrants turned pioneers and gunmen.
Production.
The film was loosely based on the 1925 book "L'Or" by Blaise Cendrars. The screenplay was written and directed by the Tyrolean Luis Trenker, who also starred as Johann Sutter. Trenker had previously directed "Der verlorene Sohn" (The Prodigal Son, 1934), the story of an Alpine immigrant in New York City, which is the only other film produced in Nazi Germany with scenes photographed on location in the United States.
Awards and honors.
The film won the 1936 Mussolini Cup for best foreign film at the Venice Film Festival. It was screened as part of the "Venice Days" series at the 68th Venice International Film Festival in September 2011.
Hitler attended the film's German premiere. When the film was released in the United States, "The New York Times" gave it a positive review on May 8, 1937. However it never reached any commercial success.

</doc>
<doc id="7012378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012378" title="Pedro Fernandez">
Pedro Fernandez



</doc>
<doc id="7012379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012379" title="Tuition centre">
Tuition centre

Tuition centres are cram schools. They are private educational institutions which offer tutoring in various subjects and preparation for specific tests and examinations. Cram schools with the title "tuition centre" are predominantly found in Malaysia, Singapore and India. In other countries they may have different names, such as hagwon, buxiban, or juku. Asians find that tuition classes are necessary for children to keep an edge in the competitive environment.
Background.
The introduction and emergence of college and university entrance examinations led to the rise and growth of tuition centres.
Locations.
Malaysia.
According to the University of Malaya: "Private tutoring has become a commonly rooted practice in Malaysia. It is defined as a supplementary instruction
outside the formal schooling system where a tutor teaches academic subjects for a fee. The Malaysian government is very particular with the usage of the term “tuition centres”. Licence for tuition centers are only given to institutions that provide tutoring on academic subjects based on the Malaysian curriculum. The tuition centers function by providing extra coaching to the students so that they are prepared for centralized examinations. Parents often view private tutoring as an avenue for enabling their children to excel in examinations".
Singapore.
Private tuition is a billion dollar industry in Singapore with an estimated 1000 tuition centres.
India.
Private tutoring has become a significant part of India's educational landscape. With the growing demand for academic excellence, private tutoring offers supplementary education outside the formal schooling system. This has led to the emergence of various tutoring centers and EdTech platforms that cater to the academic needs of students across the country.
Tuition.
Many school teachers (i.e. tutors) earn supplementary income through tuition centres and agencies by offering tutoring in a range of subjects (predominantly in English, Maths and the Sciences). Some teachers "advertise" their tuition classes and coach those who attend their classes on how to tackle examination questions (i.e. test prep). Their focus is primarily rote learning.
Because of fierce competition in academia for entrance into higher education, the aim of tutoring through tuition centres is not merely a passing result in the corresponding admissions assessments but the highest score possible - resulting in the focus of teaching shifting from transferring a deep and profound understanding in a given subject to drilling for exams.
Tuition centres vs schools.
In contrast to schools where teaching occurs in groups (i.e. classes) and set timetables, tuition centres offer students (i.e. tutees) mostly one-on-one instruction and at times convenient to both, the tutor and the tutee. While teachers at schools are paid through fixed yet capped monthly salaries, their counterparts at tuition centres are compensated through hourly rate payments with (theoretically) no boundaries.
There are teachers who earn up to RM10,000 or S$8,000 by giving private tuition. Notwithstanding, there is a huge, and still growing, trend among local parents who send their kids to tuition. Given the immense academic competition attributed to foreign scholars and the proliferating private-tuition trend, some parents feel that they have little choice but to engage tuition centres or opt for home tuition.
In recent years, online tutoring or online tuition has become increasingly popular as a way for students to receive additional support and instruction in a variety of subjects. Online tutoring can be done through video conferencing platforms, such as Zoom or Skype, and allows students to receive personalized instruction from the comfort of their own homes. This can be beneficial for students who live in remote areas, have scheduling conflicts, or have difficulty attending in-person tutoring sessions.
Online tutoring also allows for flexibility in terms of scheduling and can be a more cost-effective option for families. It also allows for a wider range of teachers to be available to students, as there is no geographical limitation. However, it may lack the in-person interaction and support that can be provided by traditional in-person tutoring.
Overall, online tuition is a convenient and flexible way for students to receive additional support and instruction in a variety of subjects. It allows students to learn at their own pace and schedule, and can be a cost-effective option for families.

</doc>
<doc id="7012388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012388" title="Miss Universe 1979">
Miss Universe 1979

Miss Universe 1979 was the 28th Miss Universe pageant, held at the Perth Entertainment Centre in Perth, Australia, 
on 20 July 1979.
Margaret Gardiner of South Africa crowned her successor Maritza Sayalero of Venezuela. This marks as the first time a woman from Venezuela won the pageant.
It was the first time in the pageant's history that the event was held in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="7012391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012391" title="Eketorp">
Eketorp

Eketorp is an Iron Age fort, located in southeastern Öland, Sweden, and extensively reconstructed and enlarged in the Middle Ages. Throughout the ages the fortification has served a variety of somewhat differing uses: from defensive ringfort, to medieval safe haven and thence a cavalry garrison. In the 20th century it was further reconstructed to become a heavily visited tourist site and a location for re-enactment of medieval battles. Eketorp is the only one of the 19 known prehistoric fortifications on Öland that has been completely excavated, yielding a total of over 24,000 individual artifacts. The entirety of southern Öland has been designated as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The Eketorp fortification is often referred to as Eketorp Castle.
History.
The indigenous peoples of the Iron Age constructed the original fortification about 400 AD, a period known to have engendered contact between Öland natives with Romans and other Europeans. The ringfort in that era is thought to have been a gathering place for religious ceremonies and also a place of refuge for the local agricultural community when an outside enemy appeared. The circular design was believed to be chosen because the terrain is so level that attack from any side was equally likely. The original diameter of this circular stone fortification was about . In the next century the stone was moved outward to construct a new circular structure of about in diameter. At this juncture there were known to be about fifty individual cells or small structures within the fort as a whole. Some of these cells were in the center of the fortified ring, and some were actually built into the wall itself.
In the mid 600s AD, the ringfort was mysteriously abandoned, and it remained unused until the early 11th century. This 11th century work generally built upon the earlier fort, except that stone interior cells were replaced with timber structures, and a second outer defensive wall was erected.
Modern day situation.
Presently the fort is used as a tourist site for visitors to Öland to experience a fortification for this region. A museum located in the interior long houses displays a few of the large number (26 000) of artifacts retrieved by the National Heritage Board during the major decade long excavation ending in 1974. Visitors are assessed an admission charge. Inside the fort, visitors are greeted by employees wearing the historical costumes from the period 400–650. There are daily activities during the summer season (mid June to mid August), which include archery, bread baking, crafts and many activities mainly for children. Guided tours are also available then. There is also a gift shop on site. Besides use as a tourist attraction, the site has been used for experimental archaeology.
Eketorp lies a few kilometers west of route 136. There is an ample unpaved parking area situated approximately two kilometers west of the paved Öland perimeter highway.
In 2005 the exhibition was the centre of a controversy when the staff recreated Iron Age horse sacrifices which involved presenting real horse heads mounted on poles, based on archaeological evidence. Several children saw the displayed heads and the museum was reported to the police. The case was brought to court, on the basis of improper handling of slaughterhouse byproducts, but the museum was freed on all points. The museum's staff defended their actions on account of presenting the realism of the Iron Age under the guidance of experienced archaeologists. They also pointed out that the Lejre Experimental Centre in Denmark had displayed similar "sacrifices" since the 1970s. The staff was also critical to how the media handled the situation, making a point of Kvällsposten and Expressen having focused on the sensationalism (handling of animal byproducts) of the case rather than the actual legal concerns (improper handling of remains).
Since 2019, the municipality of Mörbylånga is responsible for Eketorps borg. The first season was a great success with almost 39 000 visitors. In 2020 the fortress will open at Easter and will be open until late September and the Öland Harvest Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="7012397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012397" title="Bernard Stiegler">
Bernard Stiegler

Bernard Stiegler (; 1 April 1952 – 5 August 2020) was a French philosopher. He was head of the Institut de recherche et d'innovation (IRI), which he founded in 2006 at the Centre Georges-Pompidou. He was also founder of the political and cultural group Ars Industrialis in 2005. In 2010, he established the philosophy school, "pharmakon.fr", held at Épineuil-le-Fleuriel. He co-founded Collectif Internation, a group of "politicised researchers" in 2018. His best known work is "Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus".
Stiegler has been described as "one of the most influential European philosophers of the 21st century" and an important theorist of the effects of digital technology.
Early life and education.
Bernard Stiegler was born in Villebon-sur-Yvette, France. Growing up, he took an interest in politics, aligning with beliefs from left-wing politics and the French Communist Party by the time he was 16. He dropped out of high school and instead took part in student revolts against then president Charles de Gaulle. However, in 1976, he left the Communist Party.
Following his departure from the political scene, Bernard would spend his 20s working a wide variety of jobs, including farming, office work, being a shop clerk, and manual labor, as well as owning a jazz bar.
Between 1978 and 1983 Stiegler was incarcerated for armed robbery, first at the in Toulouse, and then at the in Muret. It was during this period that he became interested in philosophy, studying through correspondence with Gérard Granel at the Université de Toulouse-Le Mirail. He recounts his transformation in prison in his book, "Passer à l'acte" (2003; the English translation of this work is included in the 2009 volume "Acting Out").
Career.
In 1987–88, with Catherine Counot, Stiegler commissioned an exhibition at the Centre Georges-Pompidou, entitled "Mémoires du futur: bibliothèques et technologies". Stiegler earned his doctorate from the EHESS in 1993 under the direction of Jacques Derrida, and obtained his Habilitation in 2007 at the université Paris Diderot-Paris 7 under the direction of Dominique Lecourt. He was a Director at the Collège international de philosophie, and a professor at the Université de Technologie at Compiègne, as well as a visiting professor at Goldsmiths, University of London. He held the positions of Director General at the Institut National de l'Audiovisuel (INA), and Director General at the Institut de Recherche et Coordination Acoustique/Musique (IRCAM).
In June 2005 Stiegler founded a political and cultural group, Ars Industrialis, the manifesto of which calls for an "industrial politics of spirit." The manifesto was signed by Stiegler and the other co-founders of the group, George Collins, , Catherine Perret and Caroline Stiegler. An updated manifesto was released in 2010.
On 1 January 2006 he became Director of the Department of Cultural Development at the Centre Georges-Pompidou. He was Director of the Institut de recherche et d'innovation (IRI), which was created at his initiative in April 2006.
On 18 September 2010 Stiegler opened his own philosophy school (called "pharmakon.fr") in the small French town of Épineuil-le-Fleuriel, in the department of Cher across multiple disciplines. The school ran a public course for people in the region, a seminar for doctoral students and junior researchers conducted by videoconference, and a summer academy that involves activists, researchers, artists, writers and both groups as well as interested inhabitants from the surrounding area. At a philosophical level, the school was engaged in research, critique and analysis in line with Stiegler's pharmacological approach.
Personal life and death.
Stiegler was at one time involved in a relationship with Catherine Malabou. Later he married Caroline Stiegler (née Fayat), who had been his lawyer.
Stiegler had a daughter born 1971, who is also a philosopher and professor at the Université Bordeaux-Montaigne.
Stiegler died by suicide on 5 August 2020. Stiegler is survived by his wife, Caroline Stiegler, and four children.
Work.
Stiegler's work is influenced by, among others, Sigmund Freud, André Leroi-Gourhan, Gilbert Simondon, Friedrich Nietzsche, Paul Valéry, Edmund Husserl, Martin Heidegger, Karl Marx, Gilles Deleuze, Donald Winnicott, Georges Bataille, and Jacques Derrida.
Key themes are technology, time, individuation, consumerism, consumer capitalism, technological convergence, digitization, Americanization, education and the future of politics and human society.
Stiegler was a prolific author of books, articles and interviews, with his first book being published in 1994. His works include several ongoing series of books:
Cinema and television.
Stiegler features prominently in a number of works of film and television, and appeared on French television numerous times. 
Further reading.
Secondary literature (English)
Secondary literature (French)

</doc>
<doc id="7012398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012398" title="Frank Jewett Mather">
Frank Jewett Mather

Frank Jewett Mather Jr. (6 July 1868 – 11 November 1953) was an American art critic and professor. He was the first "modernist" (i.e., post-classicist) professor at the Department of Art and Archaeology, Princeton University. He was a direct descendant of Richard Mather a Puritan minister in 17th century Boston.
Biography.
He was born at Deep River, Connecticut, to parents Caroline Arms Graves and lawyer Frank Jewett Mather, Sr. (1835–1929). Mather graduated from Williams College in 1889 and from Johns Hopkins with a Ph. D. in 1892 in English philology and literature. Additionally he studied also at Berlin and at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes, Paris.
From 1893 to 1900 he served as instructor and assistant professor of English and Romance languages at Williams College. In 1910, he became professor of art and archaeology at Princeton. From 1922 to 1946 he was the director of Princeton University's art museum.
Mather was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1931 and the American Philosophical Society in 1940.
Mather was an editorial writer for the New York "Evening Post" and assistant editor of the "Nation"" (1901–1906) and art critic for the "Post" (1905–1906; 1910–1911); from 1904 to 1906 was American editor of the "Burlington Magazine"; contributed frequently, chiefly on art subjects, to the "Nation", the "Burlington Magazine", "Art and Progress", and other periodicals. He became editor of "Art Studies" in 1923.
Frank Jewett Mather Award.
Since 1963, the College Art Association (CAA) has presented an annual award for art journalism named in Mather's honor. The award is for "significant published art criticism that has appeared in publication in a one-year period".

</doc>
<doc id="7012414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012414" title="John F. Feehan Stakes">
John F. Feehan Stakes

The John F. Feehan Stakes is a Moonee Valley Racing Club Group 2 Australian Thoroughbred horse race held under Weight for Age conditions, for horses aged three years old and upwards, over a distance of 1600 meters at Moonee Valley Racecourse in September. The prize money is A$500,000.
History.
The original race was named after John F. Feehan, who was the landowner of where the Moonee Valley Racecourse is located now. The race was named between 2005 and 2018 as the Dato' Tan Chin Nam Stakes after the Malaysian entrepreneur and racehorse owner Dato' Tan Chin Nam.
Winners.
† 1960 &amp; 1966 Race meeting cancelled because of rain

</doc>
<doc id="7012419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012419" title="Rooster Run">
Rooster Run

Rooster Run is a general store in Nelson County, Kentucky. Joe Evans opened the store in 1967. It was known for the baseball caps featuring its logo and the fiberglass rooster statue standing in front of the store. It has been called "one of the best-known general stores in the country and one of Kentucky's best-known unincorporated businesses". Though not an official Kentucky community, the location is on state highway maps and receives mail with the zip code of Cox's Creek. Evans used the store's notoriety in unsuccessful bids for political office.
History.
Joe Evans opened the store—then called Evans Beverage Depot—in 1967 with $200 of his own money and $200 borrowed from his father. At the time, it was the only location in the county that sold alcoholic beverages. One evening after the store closed, Evans and some friends were gathered at the store, drinking beer when one of the men's wives arrived, sending him running. One of the friends commented, "Look at that rooster run!", giving rise to the store's present name. Shortly after the incident, Evans' mother began sewing baseball caps with the name "Rooster Run" on them for sale in the store. Evans trademarked the name and the store's logo in 1986. A -tall fiberglass rooster statue dubbed "Ozzie Frank" was placed in front of the store. Eventually, the store expanded, and its merchandising grew to include t-shirts and other promotional merchandise, but the baseball caps remained the most popular item. At one point, Evans had a standing order for 30,000 caps per quarter. By 1991, he estimated he'd sold about 1.5 million caps.
The store's notoriety began to spread as truck drivers wore the hats to locations across the country. A Louisville-based disc jockey also began telling Rooster Run jokes on the air. "The Kentucky Encyclopedia" calls it "one of the best-known general stores in the country and one of Kentucky's best-known unincorporated businesses".
Community.
According to the "Lexington-Herald Leader", "[t]he community [of Rooster Run] was named after and consists of the store." Although there was historically no Kentucky community by the name "Rooster Run", the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet placed the locale on official highway maps of the state. Evans also convinced the Cabinet to erect signs along Kentucky Route 245 directing motorists to Rooster Run. The United States Postal Service delivers mail addressed to Rooster Run as long as it includes the ZIP code of nearby Cox's Creek.
Joe Evans.
In the mid-1980s, Evans was elected as a magistrate for Nelson County. In 1991, he made a bid for Kentucky Secretary of State, during which he legally changed his name to Joe Rooster Run Evans, to capitalize on the store's notoriety. During the campaign, he toured the state with the fiberglass rooster "Ozzie Frank" to drum up publicity. He finished last in the three-man Democratic primary. In 1998, Evans sought to represent the 8th District in the Kentucky Senate, but lost to Republican Dan Kelly.
Evans retired in 2004 and died in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="7012423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012423" title="CBPF">
CBPF



</doc>
<doc id="7012426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012426" title="Joseph H. Romig">
Joseph H. Romig

Joseph Herman Romig (September 3, 1872 – November 23, 1951) was an American frontier physician and Moravian Church missionary, who served as Mayor of Anchorage, Alaska, during 1937–1938.
Biography.
Family and missionary work.
Joseph H. Romig was born September 3, 1872, in Edwards County, Illinois to Joseph and Margaret Ricksecker Romig, both the descendants of Moravian immigrants who had settled in Tuscarawas County, Ohio. He grew up with nine brothers and sisters on the Chippewa Mission Farm near Independence, Kansas. The Moravian Church sponsored his medical training at the Hahnemann Medical School in Philadelphia in exchange for a pledge to serve for seven years as a doctor at a mission. At school, he met Ella Mae Ervin of Kingston, Pennsylvania, who was studying nursing.
In 1896, Joseph and Ella were married, and the couple moved to Bethel, Alaska to join Joseph's older sister Edith Margaret and her husband John Henry Kilbuck as missionaries to the Yup'ik people. Joseph and Ella had four children: Robert Herman (born 1897), Margaret Maryetta (born 1898), Helen Elizabeth (born 1901), and Howard Glenmore (born 1911). For a time, Romig was one of the only physicians in Alaska. He became known as the "dog team doctor" for traveling by dog sled throughout the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta in the course of his work.
Career.
In 1903, with his term of missionary service complete, Romig relocated the family to San Francisco, California. He was there for the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, and ran an emergency hospital in the aftermath. In 1906, he moved back to Alaska to take a job as a company physician in Nushagak. He also worked for a time as a United States Commissioner before moving to Seward to open a small hospital.
In the 1920s, he worked as chief surgeon at the St. Joseph's Hospital in Fairbanks before setting up a hospital in Nenana for the Alaska Railroad. In 1930, he was asked to head the Alaska Railroad Hospital in Anchorage. When his son, Howard, returned from Stanford University Medical School, they went into private practice together.
Joseph Romig was elected Mayor of Anchorage in 1937, serving a single term. The same year, Ella Mae Ervin Romig died. In 1939, he was remarried to Emily Craig, who had worked as chief of nursing at the railroad hospital.
In 1939, Romig was appointed chief surgeon at Anchorage's newly constructed Providence Hospital at Ninth and L Street. He retired shortly thereafter, purchasing land on what would later be called Romig Hill. From his log cabin on the property, he started a "Board of Directors" club which eventually provided the founding members of the Anchorage Rotary Club.
Death and legacy.
Romig and his second wife moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado. Romig died there on November 23, 1951. Although originally buried in Colorado, his remains were later disinterred and moved to Alaska to be buried in the family plot in Anchorage Memorial Park.
Romig Junior High School, named in his honor, was later built on Romig Hill. A grandson, Joe Romig, played college football in Colorado and was inducted to the College Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7012431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012431" title="Miss World 1987">
Miss World 1987

Miss World 1987, the 37th edition of the Miss World pageant, was held on 12 November 1987 at the Royal Albert Hall in [London]], United Kingdom. The winner was Ulla Weigerstorfer ("Queen of Europe") from Austria. She was crowned by Miss World 1986, Giselle Jeanne-Marie Laronde of Trinidad and Tobago. Runner-up was Albani Josefina Lozada Jiménez ("Queen of Americas") from Venezuela, and third was Anna Margrét Jónsdóttir from Iceland.
This edition marked the debut of Belize and Cook Islands, and the return of Argentina and Papua New Guinea, which last competed in 1981 and Curaçao and Nigeria last competed in 1985. Antigua and Barbuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Gambia, Sierra Leone and Tonga, withdrew from the competition for unknown reasons.
Contestants.
78 countries participated in Miss World 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="7012433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012433" title="Wilhelm-Tietjen-Stiftung für Fertilisation">
Wilhelm-Tietjen-Stiftung für Fertilisation

The Wilhelm-Tietjen-Stiftung für Fertilisation Ltd. is a controversial fertility research group. Its critics have described it as a far-right extremist organization with links to Neo-Nazism and Nazi eugenics theories. Its proposed purchase of a hotel in the German town of Delmenhorst is the subject of great controversy, and campaigns by local people to keep it out of the town have made the national news in Germany and abroad. The organization manages the assets of former Nazi involved in the Lebensborn project, Wilhelm Tietjen.
History.
The Company was incorporated on 21 November 2001 as a private limited company for advertising business under the name Wilhelm Tietjen Foundation for Fertilization Limited with registered office at Vicarage House S44, 58-60 Kensington Church Street, London with registered number 04326557 registered with the Companies House register of companies responsible for this legal form.
The director of the British corporation has been the Hamburg lawyer Jürgen Rieger since November 21, 2001. On 31 January 2005 the registered office was re-registered and moved to 44 Southwark Street, London. On April 15, 2005, he was transferred to Thrale House, London. Contrary to British law, Rieger did not submit an annual report for 2004. After several unsuccessful requests, Companies House removed the company from the UK register on 29 August 2006. The business assets therefore fall to the British crown.
On October 25, 2006, Rieger founded a successor company, the "Wilhelm-Tietjen-Foundation Limited", which is to take over the assets of the deleted company instead of the British crown. The Company's registered office is at the letterbox address 2nd floor, West Thrale House, 44-46 Southwark Street, London. It has the registration number 05977830. The legal situation is unclear. From circles of the German Office for the Protection of the Constitution it was said: "A decision on this could take up to 20 years." 

</doc>
<doc id="7012436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012436" title="Brazilian Center for Physics Research">
Brazilian Center for Physics Research



</doc>
<doc id="7012443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012443" title="The Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund">
The Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund



</doc>
<doc id="7012450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012450" title="1977 World Sportscar Championship">
1977 World Sportscar Championship

The 1977 World Sports Car Championship season was the 25th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing. It featured two separate World Championship series.
In 1978 the World Championship of Makes would become the sole international series, while the cars used in the World Championship for Sports Cars would be used in the revival of the European Sportscar Championship. The European Championship was discontinued again at the end of the 1978 season.
World Championship for Sports Cars.
The 1977 World Championship for Sports Cars, which was restricted to Group 6 Two-Seater Racing Cars, was contested over an eight race series which ran from 17 April to 18 September 1977. The championship was won by Alfa Romeo.
Points system.
Points towards the 1977 World Championship for Sports Cars were awarded to each relevant car manufacturer for the first ten places in each race in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1. 
Points were only awarded for the best placed car from each manufacturer at each race with no points given for places gained by other cars from the same manufacturer.
Only the best six results counted towards each manufacturer’s championship total, with any other points earned not included.
Discarded points are shown within brackets in the table below.
Championship results.
Results of the 1977 World Championship for Sports Cars were as follows.
The cars.
The following models contributed to the nett point scores of their respective manufacturers in the 1977 World Championship for Sports Cars.
World Championship of Makes.
The 1977 World Championship for Makes was open to cars from various production-based categories including Group 5 Special Production Cars. The championship was won by Porsche.

</doc>
<doc id="7012454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012454" title="Dinocephalians">
Dinocephalians



</doc>
<doc id="7012455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012455" title="Chirichiri people">
Chirichiri people



</doc>
<doc id="7012459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012459" title="El duro">
El duro



</doc>
<doc id="7012462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012462" title="Michael Groom (climber)">
Michael Groom (climber)

Michael Graeme Groom (born 1959) is an Australian mountaineer. In 1995, Groom became the fourth person ever to reach the summits of the five highest peaks in the world (Makalu, Lhotse, Kangchenjunga, K2 and Everest) without using bottled oxygen. In 1987 he lost the front third of his feet to frostbite after descending from the summit of Kangchenjunga. Despite this, he managed to summit Mount Everest in 1993 and again in 1996. He has also completed the Seven Summits (highest mountains on each of the seven continents). 
Groom acted as a guide for Adventure Consultants during the 1996 Mount Everest disaster, which he survived and subsequently described in his 1997 autobiography. In the 2015 film "Everest", Groom was portrayed by actor Tom Wright.
In the 2000 Australia Day Honours Groom was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for "service to mountaineering".
Mountains climbed.
Eight-thousanders
1987 – Kangchenjunga (8,586 m)
1993 and 1996 – Mount Everest (8,848 m)
1994 – Lhotse (8,516 m)
1995 – K2 (8,611 m)
1999 – Makalu (8,463 m)
Seven Summits
1983 – Mount Kosciuszko (2,228 m)
1983 – Kilimanjaro (5,895 m)
1984 – Mont Blanc (4,810 m)
1985 – Elbrus (5,642 m)
1985 – Aconcagua (6,961 m)
1986 – Denali (6,190 m)
1990 – Vinson Massif (4,892 m)
1993 and 1996 – Mount Everest (8,848 m)
1998 – Puncak Jaya (4,884 m)

</doc>
<doc id="7012465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012465" title="King George and the Ducky">
King George and the Ducky



</doc>
<doc id="7012466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012466" title="Wto">
Wto



</doc>
<doc id="7012474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012474" title="Duma Key">
Duma Key

Duma Key is a horror novel by American writer Stephen King published on January 22, 2008, by Scribner. The book reached No. 1 on the "New York Times" Best Seller list. It is King's first novel to be set in Florida, as well as the first to be set in Minnesota. The dust jacket features holographic lettering.
Plot.
Edgar Freemantle, a wealthy Minnesotan building contractor, barely survives a severe worksite accident wherein his truck is crushed by a crane. Edgar loses his right arm while suffering severe head injuries impairing his speech, vision, and memory. During his long recovery, he experiences suicidal thoughts and violent, abusive mood swings, spurring his wife to file for divorce.
On the advice of his psychologist, Dr. Kamen, Edgar relocates southward and rents a beach house on the island of Duma Key, off the Florida coast. Kamen further advises Edgar to rekindle his onetime sketching hobby as a restorative. Edgar retains local college student Jack Cantori as a part-time personal assistant. Soon after, he meets and befriends the island's other full-time residents, octogenarian heiress Elizabeth Eastlake (sufferer of final-stage dementia, whose family trust owns most of the island) and her live-in attendant, Jerome Wireman, himself a once-gifted attorney whose wife and daughter's tragic deaths led him to (unsuccessfully) attempt suicide via gunshot wound.
Decades-old paranormal phenomena revisit Duma Key as Edgar delves obsessively into his art, lapsing into a semi-conscious haze; his artwork captures psychic visions, revealing his ex-wife's affair, his friend's suicidal depression and his younger daughter Ilse's fleeting marital engagement. Later, Edgar uses his newfound artistic powers to manipulate the outside world, healing Jerome's degenerating neurological condition and suffocating a child murderer in his jail cell. When Ilse visits the island, she and Edgar drive to a disused, overgrown area where colors seem unnaturally vivid, and Ilse becomes violently ill. Elizabeth warns Edgar that Duma Key "has never been a lucky place for daughters" and that his paintings must be sold to multiple geographically distant buyers, lest their otherworldly power grow too concentrated or dangerous.
Freemantle comes to learn that his beach house has hosted many successful artists, including Elizabeth, during its eighty-year existence. Edgar and Jerome manifest pronounced psychic talents while on or near the island, seemingly stemming from their debilitating brain injuries. Edgar's art becomes more vivid and distressing, featuring ship-and-seaside compositions whose vessel and mysterious, red-cloaked passenger draw nearer to shore in each successive painting. Elizabeth grows alternately lucid then incoherent as her dementia worsens, scattering her beloved china figurines, murmuring that, "The table is leaking", and repeatedly urging Jerome to throw one faceless figurine into her koi pond. In a moment of chilling clarity, Elizabeth asks Edgar if he has begun painting the ship yet.
After Edgar's paintings attract statewide acclaim, he hosts an art exhibition and accompanying lecture at an upscale Sarasota gallery, gaining a devoted audience (including Edgar's visiting loved ones) and yielding half a million in sales. Elizabeth makes a rare appearance at said exhibition; upon seeing his ship-and-seaside paintings, she reacts violently, making cryptic references and warnings, before suffering an incapacitating (and ultimately fatal) stroke. Edgar notices previously unseen details in his work: the ship's rotting sails, children toys littering its decks, screaming faces hiding in its foamy wake.
Narrative timelines interweave as Edgar's present-day ordeal parallels the tragedy which befell the Eastlake family in 1927. Young Elizabeth, suffering a head-wound in a horse carriage accident, turns to sketching as a means of recuperation. An outside presence—"Perse"—speaks to her, sometimes in her mind or sometimes through her rag-doll, filling her with knowledge, reality-altering powers and a gradual infiltration of sinister urges. Elizabeth directs her bootlegger father to a pile of ship debris in the shallows, unearthing a red-cloaked porcelain figurine. Her sketches grow progressively more malevolent, until, driven by fear, she rebels against Perse, provoking the entity's wrath. As an act of retaliation, Elizabeth's twin sisters are lured into the ocean to drown. Only her nursemaid, Melda, takes direct action; as Perse's drowned-sister things move beachward, the governess holds them off by means of silver jewelry, buying precious moments with her life while Elizabeth neutralizes the Perse statuette.
Edgar faces similar otherworldly dangers while unraveling the Eastlake mystery. He returns home to find "Where our sister?" childishly scrawled on an unused canvas. He then discovers that those in possession of his artworks either die or are possessed and driven into murderous deeds by Perse. He persuades his loved ones to discard their paintings, but not before a co-opted art critic drowns Ilse. As Edgar, Jack and Jerome race to discover the secret of Perse, the ghost ship's undead passengers return for them. Fighting their way to Duma Key's overgrown region—Heron's Roost, the original Eastlake manor—the trio locate the Perse-carving, sealed in a salt water-filled ceramic keg of whiskey, in which a crack has formed during the passage of years. Knowing Perse needs fresh water to rest, Edgar returns the figurine to a freshwater source and faces down one Perse's final temptation, wearing Ilse's face. He and Jerome fly to Minnesota and drop the statuette into Lake Phalen's freshwater depths, where it can forever sleep undisturbed.
Jerome makes plans to move to Mexico and start a hotel business, proposing that Edgar join him. However, Jerome dies of a heart attack only two months later, before Edgar has a chance to see him again. Edgar then commences his final painting: a massive tropical storm, destroying Duma Key.
Characters.
Minor characters.
There are a large number of minor characters in the book who have only passing significance to the main characters or to the plot of the book, including large numbers of friends and family from Edgar's "other life" as well as Wireman's family and boss, a number of characters with loose association to the two, and the various people who rent houses on Duma Key during the tourism season.
Critical and popular reception.
Critics mainly liked the book. King told "USA Today" that "a lot of today's reviewers grew up reading my fiction. Most of the old critics who panned anything I wrote are either dead or retired".
The "New York Times" critic Janet Maslin called the novel "frank and well grounded" and lauded the brevity and imagery of the novel, as well as the furious pace of the last third. Mark Rahner of the "Seattle Times" criticized King as a little unoriginal and longwinded, but praised the characters and the terror of the novel.
Richard Rayner in the "Los Angeles Times" called the novel a "beautiful, scary idea" with gritty down-to-earth characters. "[King] writes as always with energy and drive and a wit and grace for which critics often fail to give him credit [but] the creepy and largely interior terror of the first two-thirds of the story dissipates somewhat when demon sailors come clanking out of the ocean." The "Boston Globe"'s Erica Noonan called the novel a "welcome return" to a similar style of some of King's better novels.
Film.
A film adaptation was in development but the project has stalled.

</doc>
<doc id="7012482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012482" title="Secured transactions">
Secured transactions



</doc>
<doc id="7012490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012490" title="Lake Laberge (electoral district)">
Lake Laberge (electoral district)

Lake Laberge is an electoral district which returns a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada. It is one of the Yukon's eight rural districts and is named after the eponymous Lake Laberge, which is within the riding.
Lake Laberge encompasses the Whitehorse subdivisions of MacPherson, and Hidden Valley, as well as the residents of the Takhini Hot Springs Road, Pilot Mountain, the Hamlet of Ibex Valley, and the North Klondike Highway and Lake Laberge as far as Braeburn Lodge. The riding is also part of the traditional territory of the Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation, the Champagne and Aishihik First Nations, the Kwanlin Dün First Nation, and the Ta'an Kwach'an Council. It is bordered by the rural ridings of Mayo-Tatchun, Kluane, and Pelly-Nisutlin, as well as the Whitehorse ridings Porter Creek North and Riverdale North.
The riding is considered a Yukon Party stronghold.
Electoral results.
2016.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1199
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2011.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 1017
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
2006.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|799
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| –
2002.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|834
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| –
2000.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|1059
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| –
1999 by-election.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|1000
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| –
1996.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|1116
! align=right|100.0%
! align=right| –
1992.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 970
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –

</doc>
<doc id="7012499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012499" title="Hayden Triggs">
Hayden Triggs

Hayden Triggs (born 22 February 1982) is a New Zealand former rugby union player who played as a lock. He last played for Leinster in the Pro14.
Provincial.
A former Army mechanic, Triggs was a long-time regular in the Manawatu side, earning 70 caps between 2002 and 2008. Following his signing by the Highlanders in Super 14, Triggs transferred to Otago, appearing in 13 matches in 2009. In the 2010 ITM Cup, Triggs started all 13 matches for Otago and registered two tries. Following the 2010 season, Triggs transferred to Waikato to be closer to his family on the North Island.
Super Rugby.
Following his strong performances for Manawatu, Triggs received an opportunity to graduate to the Super 14 competition in 2007 with the Hurricanes, but was limited to only one appearance as a substitute. He had previously been a part of the Hurricanes' Wider Training Group in 2006.
For 2008, Triggs moved to the Highlanders, where he emerged as a squad regular making 11 appearances including 7 starts. In 2009, Triggs appeared in all 13 Highlanders matches, starting in 10 of them.
In 2010, Triggs started the season as a substitute behind All-Black Tom Donnelly and Josh Bekhuis, but following a season-ending injury to Donnelly Triggs started the final 8 matches of the season. During this stretch, he scored his first two tries in Super Rugby, and his strong performances saw him selected to the New Zealand Māori squad at year-end.
For the 2011 Super Rugby season, Triggs transferred to the Chiefs. However, he found himself down the pecking order, and made only three appearances during the campaign.
In 2014 he was called into the Blues to replace the injured Culum Retallick.
International.
Triggs was first selected to the New Zealand Māori squad for the 2007 Churchill Cup tournament, where he made three appearances (Canada, Ireland A, England Saxons).
In 2008, Triggs was again selected for the Māori squad for the Pacific Nations Cup but was ruled out before the tournament because of a stress fracture to his foot.
Triggs was again selected to the New Zealand Māori for their 2010 Centenary Series. He scored a try against the Barbarians, and started in the squad's historic victories over Ireland and England.
Personal life.
Triggs is a New Zealander of Māori descent (Ngāti Kahungunu descent).

</doc>
<doc id="7012502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012502" title="Eketorp Castle">
Eketorp Castle



</doc>
<doc id="7012503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012503" title="Mondragon Bookstore &amp; Coffeehouse">
Mondragon Bookstore &amp; Coffeehouse

The Mondragon Bookstore &amp; Coffeehouse was a political bookstore and vegan cafe located in The Old Market Autonomous Zone at 91 Albert Street in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The name comes from the Mondragón Cooperative Corporation and other organisations in the Basque town of Mondragón Spain that is known for its extensive network of worker's cooperatives.
Mondragon was organized as a workers' collective with no hierarchy and all workers receiving the same wage rate. This was based on the economic structure of Parecon, developed by Robin Hahnel and Michael Albert.
The firm closed on January 26, 2014, citing financial difficulties.
History.
Mondragon was co-founded by Winnipeg activists Paul Burrows and Sandra Drosdowech, and opened its doors on July 15, 1996 with an initial collective of ten members.
Structure.
Mondragon's internal structure, inspired by the participatory economic model, is part of a long tradition of workers' collectives. It aspired to complete non-hierarchy: there were to be no owners or managers other than the workers themselves. One of the co-founders of the workplace presented a paper at the World Social Forum in Brazil on the practical difficulties of applying parecon principles to a workplace in the midst of capitalism. This paper was later published in the anthology "" (AK Press, 2008) under the title "Parecon and Workers' Self-Management: Reflections on Winnipeg's Mondragon Bookstore &amp; Coffee House Collective." Some commentators have also noted that regardless of the egalitarian workplace structure, in the final analysis, retail work is still largely menial and turn-over rates are comparable to more corporate counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="7012511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012511" title="Hayden triggs">
Hayden triggs



</doc>
<doc id="7012518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012518" title="Manawatu Turbos">
Manawatu Turbos



</doc>
<doc id="7012520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012520" title="French Yanam">
French Yanam



</doc>
<doc id="7012524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012524" title="National Youth Theatre Company">
National Youth Theatre Company

The National Youth Theatre Formerly known as the National Youth Theatre Company is a not-for-profit organisation that runs musical theatre training workshops and musical productions in New Zealand. It was established in 2005, with the aim of providing opportunities for young people to participate in performing arts training. The company provides training strictly to New Zealand youth, between ages 7 and 21, and each show has multiple casts, enabling more young people to perform on stage.
Programmes and productions.
National Youth Theatre Company has put on a number of full-scale musical productions since its opening including:

</doc>
<doc id="7012530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012530" title="Zeus.">
Zeus.



</doc>
<doc id="7012532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012532" title="Richard Paul Pavlick">
Richard Paul Pavlick

Richard Paul Pavlick (February 13, 1887 – November 11, 1975) was a retired postal worker from New Hampshire who stalked Senator and U.S. president-elect John F. Kennedy, with the intent of assassinating him. On December 11, 1960, in Palm Beach, Florida, Pavlick positioned himself to carry out the assassination by blowing up Kennedy and himself with dynamite, but delayed the attempt because Kennedy was with his wife Jacqueline and their two young children.
He was arrested before he was able to stage another attempt.
Personal background.
Pavlick was born on February 13, 1887, in Belmont, New Hampshire. After serving in the United States Army during World War I, he worked as a postal worker in Boston, Massachusetts, before retiring and relocating to Belmont in the 1950s. Pavlick had no family. He became known at local public meetings for his angry political rants, which included complaints that the American flag was not being displayed appropriately; he also criticized the government and hated Catholics, focusing much of his anger on the Kennedy family and their wealth.
Assassination plan.
After Kennedy defeated Vice President Richard Nixon in the 1960 presidential election, 73-year-old Pavlick decided to kill Kennedy. He turned his property over to a local youth camp, loaded his meager possessions into his 1950 Buick, and disappeared. Soon after, Belmont's postmaster began receiving bizarre postcards from Pavlick stating that the town would soon hear from him "in a big way". Noticing that the postmarked dates and locations matched Kennedy's movements, the postmaster contacted the Secret Service; the Secret Service interviewed locals and learned of Pavlick's previous outbursts and that he had recently purchased dynamite. During his travels, Pavlick had visited the Kennedy compound at Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, and photographed the Kennedy home while also checking out the compound's security. He also surveyed the Kennedy residence in Georgetown.
Shortly before 10 a.m. on Sunday, December 11, as Kennedy was preparing to leave for Mass at St. Edward Church in Palm Beach, Pavlick waited in his dynamite-laden car hoping to detonate his 1950 Buick to cause a fatal explosion. However, Pavlick changed his mind after seeing Kennedy with his wife, Jacqueline, and the couple's two small children. Pavlick said, "I did not want to harm her or the children." While waiting for another opportunity over the next few days, Pavlick visited the church to learn its interior, but the Secret Service had informed local Palm Beach police to look out for Pavlick's automobile.
Four days later, on December 15, Palm Beach police officer Lester Free spotted Pavlick's vehicle crossing the Royal Poinciana Bridge. After his arrest, Pavlick said, "Kennedy money bought the White House and the Presidency. I had the crazy idea I wanted to stop Kennedy from being President."
On January 27, 1961, Pavlick was committed to the federal medical center in Springfield, Missouri, then was indicted for threatening Kennedy's life seven weeks later. According to Ted Sorensen, Kennedy "was merely bemused" when he found out about Pavlick.
Later life.
Charges against Pavlick were dropped on December 2, 1963, ten days after Kennedy's assassination in Dallas, Texas. Judge Emett Clay Choate ruled that Pavlick was mentally ill—unable to distinguish between right and wrong in his actions—and ordered that he remain in a psychiatric hospital. The federal government also dropped charges in August 1964, and Pavlick was eventually released from the New Hampshire State Hospital on December 13, 1966.
Pavlick died at age 88 on November 11, 1975, at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Manchester, New Hampshire.
In popular culture.
Pavlick was portrayed by Kent Broadhurst in the 1983 miniseries "Kennedy", but his age is inaccurately portrayed as being 36, rather than the actual 73. In 2013, the Military Channel produced a hypothetical documentary, "What If...? Armageddon 1962", in which Pavlick managed to kill Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson's inept handling of the Cuban Missile Crisis resulted in a nuclear exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="7012534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012534" title="Billy Ray Waldon">
Billy Ray Waldon

Billy Ray Waldon (born January 3, 1952), also known as Billy Joe Waldon or Nvwtohiyada Idehesdi Sequoyah (Cherokee: ᏅᏙᎯᏯᏓ ᎢᏕᎮᏍᏗ ᏎᏉᏯ, Nvdohiyada Idehesdi Sequoya), is an American former fugitive, American Indian Movement activist, and Esperantist who, in 1986, became the 399th fugitive listed by the FBI to the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives List. Waldon was convicted of the murders of three people during a crime spree in 1985.
A native of Oklahoma, Waldon was apprehended on June 16, 1986, after San Diego, California police attempted to pull him over for a routine traffic citation. In 1992, Waldon was convicted of three counts of murder and sentenced to death in California. In 2023, Waldon's convictions were overturned by the California Supreme Court on grounds that he was denied representation by competent counsel.
Criminal history.
Crimes.
The crime spree which Waldon was convicted of began in Tulsa, Oklahoma on October 10, 1985, when a man was robbed and wounded. On November 15, a 28-year-old woman was shot in the head. However, the bullet grazed her skull and she survived. Two days later, on November 17, a woman was robbed at gunpoint and shot. The woman died of her injuries two days later. On November 23, two people were shot and wounded while getting out of their car.
Two weeks later, the San Diego, California home of 43-year-old Dawn Ellerman was broken into. Ellermann was fatally shot in the neck. Ellerman's 13-year-old daughter died of smoke inhalation while trying to rescue her mother from the house, which had been set on fire. On December 19, a man later identified as Waldon was spotted fleeing a robbery in his car by police, who soon gave chase. Waldon managed to evade the police and abandoned the car, soon after running to the residence of 59-year-old Gordon Wells, who was shot and killed. Later, Wells' neighbor was shot and wounded, and his car was stolen. The car was found abandoned in late January 1986. A ballistics test linked the San Diego crimes to the Oklahoma crimes, and a federal arrest warrant for Waldon was issued soon after.
Manhunt and capture.
The federal arrest warrant charged Waldon with unlawful interstate flight to avoid prosecution for murder, attempted murder, robbery, burglary, rape and arson. According to the FBI, Waldon had held a variety of different jobs and had served in the U.S. Navy for ten years, where he had been trained in deep sea diving. Waldon was additionally noted to speak and understand several different languages, including French, Italian, Japanese, Spanish, and Esperanto. Waldon was reported to be one-fourth Cherokee Indian and to have an interest in Cherokee history and culture.
On April 23, 1986, Waldon became the 399th fugitive to be listed on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitive's list. In June 1986, Daniel Roman discovered that his 1965 Mustang was missing. Later that day, a driver in a car matching the description of Roman's attempted to speed away from police and fled on foot when they tried to stop him for a broken tail light. Police apprehended and arrested the man, who gave his name as “Stephen Midas” but was later identified as Waldon through a fingerprint match.
Legal proceedings.
Pre-trial and charges.
In California, Waldon faced charges on three counts of murder as well as 19 other counts, including rape, armed robbery, and arson. Waldon was additionally charged in Oklahoma with first-degree murder in the November 17, 1985 shooting in Tulsa, as well as three counts of attempted murder, two counts of armed robbery, and two counts of attempted robbery. Waldon was arraigned on June 20, 1986, and plead not guilty to the charges. His bail was set at $2 million. In July 1986, while in custody at the San Diego County Jail, Waldon was beaten unconscious by three other inmates after he refused their request to kill another inmate. Waldon attempted to escape from his jail cell on September 21, 1986, by attempting to chip away at the cell's wall using a metal bar. Prior to a hearing to determine whether or not Waldon was mentally competent to stand trial, Jack Levitt, the judge who was set to preside over the hearing, was challenged by Waldon's attorney Charles Khoury Jr., who alleged him to be unfair. Levitt would be removed from presiding over Waldon's criminal trial in October 1987, but continued to preside over Waldon's mental competency hearing. The hearing began on August 18, 1987. Waldon remained completely silent during proceedings and refused to answer any questions. On September 21, 1987, Waldon was judged competent to be criminally tried. Waldon's criminal trial was delayed by Judge Levitt's removal, and was further delayed by his insistence that he represent himself.
Trial and sentencing.
After Waldon's judgement that he was competent to stand trial, his criminal trial began in 1991. Waldon wished to represent himself in court, but a judge denied this motion, stating that Waldon could not understand the risks of self-representation. However though, a second judge granted his request to represent himself. During his trial, Waldon alleged that he had been beaten by federal agents and framed for the crimes over his 'promotion of Indian autonomy'. Waldon additionally claimed that during his fugitive state, he had hid in the crawlspace of a house in Imperial Beach, fearing that he would be convicted anyway if he pleaded innocent. Waldon was convicted of three counts of first degree murder, as well as multiple counts of attempted murder, rape, burglary, robbery, and animal cruelty in December 1991 and was sentenced to death in February 1992.
Conviction overturned.
On January 23, 2023, Waldon's murder convictions and death sentences were overturned on grounds of courtroom behavior, his 'delusional' self-representation and a trial court judge's decision that had improperly allowed him to represent himself "without considering (the other judge's) denial or the evidence on which it was based" had deprived him of competent legal representation. The California State supreme court granted Waldon a new trial.
Poliespo.
Poliespo (, , "Polysynthetic Esperanto", also "Po") is an international auxiliary language created by Waldon. Waldon ran a "World Poliespo Organization" for enthusiasts of the language.
Goals.
The principle of creation for Poliespo was Waldon's belief that certain languages contain words that made communication quicker, which he referred to as "lightning bolts" or "lightning words", and the goal was to combine as many of these as possible into one language. The language was originally referred to as "Anagalisgi," the romanized form of Cherokee word for lightning. Most of Poliespo comes from Cherokee, English, Esperanto, and Spanish, the languages that Waldon could speak.
The philosophy behind the language is reminiscent of sound symbolism, and therefore radically differs from the principles of Esperanto.
Waldon also claimed that learning Poliespo is a golden opportunity to acquire an "Iroquoian spirit." In his words, "When one gains a new language, one gains a new soul. Po is your golden chance to acquire an Iroquoian spirit."
Phonology.
Poliespo is believed to have 32 consonants, including the glottal stop, in addition to 22 vowels: 10 oral vowels (two of which are distinguished by vowel length) and nine nasal vowels, one of which is distinguished by vowel length. Poliespo is also a tonal language, having three or four tones. The rising tone is the only tone that is marked, using an acute accent.
Orthography.
Poliespo's alphabet consists of 54 letters: a, â, ⱥ, ⱥ̂, b, b̆, c, ĉ, d, e, ê, f, g, ĝ, h, ĥ, i, ĭ, ĭ:, ĭ́, î, î:, î́, j, ĵ, k, k̆, l, m, m̆, n, n̆, o, ô, p, pw  , s, ŝ, t, t̂, tv  , u, û, ŭ, v, z, ẑ, z̆, q, q́, q̂, q̂́, w, ẃ, ŵ, ŵ́, x, x́, y, 2, 2́. In addition, the consonant ẑ represents , while the consonant z̆ represents . pw   is p overstruck with w, and tv   is t overstruck with v.
Grammar.
The structure is more similar to Ido than to Esperanto, since radicals are inflected. Unlike Ido, Poliespo has only one prefix in addition to those of Esperanto: , which is used to indicate the "neuter" gender. Besides the accusative case, there is also a subject suffix, as in Korean and Japanese. In Poliespo, there are two forms of oral speech. If one does not understand what someone says in Poliespo (referred to as ), they should repeat themselves in Esperanto (referred to as ).

</doc>
<doc id="7012542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012542" title="Nvwtohiyada Idehesdi Sequoyah">
Nvwtohiyada Idehesdi Sequoyah



</doc>
<doc id="7012545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012545" title="Rotary saw">
Rotary saw

A rotary saw, spiral cut saw, RotoZip or cut out tool is a type of mechanically powered saw used for making accurate cuts without the need for a pilot hole in wallboard, plywood, or another thin, solid material.
The Rotozip Tool Corp was a company started by Bob Kopras, an American drywall installer who pioneered this type of saw. Rotozip was later acquired by Bosch Tool Corp. in 2003.
This type of tool was originally developed for making cut-outs in drywall but it was later discovered that myriad other materials could easily be cut using the tool.
The design is similar to a small wood router but usually features only one handle for single-handed operation. Bits look similar to a twist drill or end mill; some cut on the upward twist, and some cut downwards. The cutting edge on the flutes actually slices (either upwards or downwards) through the material which means that they can cut in any direction.
Medical and Emergency Use.
A rotary reciprocating saw is a type of saw that spins a cutting implement around a rotary axis, instead of thrusting it along a linear axis. The first use of such devices was in medicine, where cutting through bone warranted the need for a saw with minimal stroke length, and a cutting action that could be implemented through depth cut rather than a follow-through cut. The timber industry now also uses this type of action to cut in the same manner. A particular manufacturer has a hand-held version for making difficult cuts, which would not be possible with other implements.
Firefighters also use rotary saws to cut holes through walls to access certain areas quickly to fight fires and rescue civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="7012548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012548" title="Chennapatnam">
Chennapatnam



</doc>
<doc id="7012551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012551" title="Westbury, Long Island">
Westbury, Long Island



</doc>
<doc id="7012553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012553" title="Tomb of Abraham Mosque">
Tomb of Abraham Mosque



</doc>
<doc id="7012555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012555" title="National youth theatre company">
National youth theatre company



</doc>
<doc id="7012557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012557" title="Pinacolyl alcohol">
Pinacolyl alcohol

Pinacolyl alcohol (also known as 3,3-dimethylbutan-2-ol and as pine alcohol) is one of the isomeric hexanols and a secondary alcohol.
Pinacolyl alcohol appears on the List of Schedule 2 substances of the Chemical Weapons Convention as a precursor for the nerve agent soman.

</doc>
<doc id="7012558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012558" title="Electroantennography">
Electroantennography

Electroantennography or EAG is a technique for measuring the average output of an insect antenna to its brain for a given odor. It is commonly used in electrophysiology while studying the function of the olfactory pathway in insects. The technique was invented in 1957 by German biologist Dietrich Schneider and shares similarities with electro-olfactography.
Method.
Electroantennography is usually performed either by removing an antenna from the insect and inserting two chloride silver wires for contact onto the two ends and amplifying the voltage between them while applying an odor puff to see a deflection as in the figure, or by leaving the animal intact and inserting a ground wire (silver/silver chloride) or a glass electrode filled with a buffer solution to some part of the body, usually inserted into an eye, and another to the tip of the antenna. A large bore glass electrode can also be placed directly over the tip of the antenna, such as in "Drosophila melanogaster" (fruit fly) antenna recordings. The latter method is useful if one is doing an experiment on the animal as a whole while doing the antennogram.
The technique is widely applied in screening of insect pheromones by examining the responses to fractions of a compound mixture separated using chromatography. Usually, the wire inserted into the antenna is a thin silver wire that is chlorided in bleach. This is an older practice. Commonly, tungsten wires that have been chemically sharpened are inserted into a single neuron in the antenna. Further detailed examination of the odor response at the olfactory sensory level can be done by sensilla recording.

</doc>
<doc id="7012559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012559" title="Mantra of Light">
Mantra of Light

The Mantra of Light, alternatively (光明真言, pinyin: "guāngmíng zhēnyán", rōmaji: "kōmyō shingon"; Sanskrit: "prabhāsa-mantra"), alternatively (毗盧遮那如來所說不空大灌頂光真言, pinyin: "pílúzhēnà rúlái ruǒshuō bukōng dà guàndǐng guāng zhēnyán") is a Buddhist mantra. In both Chinese Buddhism and Japanese Buddhism, the mantra is associated with both the Buddha Vairocana as well as the Bodhisattva Amoghapāśa. The mantra also has various other names including the "Mantra of the Light of Great Consecration" (Ch: 大灌頂光真言), "Mantra of Amoghapāśa (Unfailing Noose)", "Heart essence of Amoghapāśa" (skt. "amoghapāśahṛdaya") and "Unfailing King" (Amogharāja)."" 
The mantra is found in the "Amoghapāśa-kalparāja-sūtra" (Chinese translation at Taisho no. 1092 and Korean Buddhist Canon no. K.287, translated by Bodhiruci) as well as in the "Sutra of the Mantra of the Unfailing Rope Snare of the Buddha Vairocana's Great Baptism" (不空羂索毘盧遮那佛大灌頂光真言一卷, Taisho no. 1002) and is associated with both the Buddha Vairocana and the deity Amoghapāśa (lit. "Unfailing Rope"), a form of Avalokiteshvara. It is also the mantra associated with the consecration (abhiseka) of Amoghapāśa by myriad Buddhas (hence its name as "mantra for the mudrā consecration" in the Tibetan version of the text)"."
Mantra.
The "mantra of light" is the following:
Sanskrit
Chinese scripts
Japanese
Korean
Vietnamese
Tibetan
Translation.
The translation of this mantra, according to Professor Mark Unno, is roughly:
Another translation according to the Dharmachakra Translation Committee is: "Oṁ, amogha [infallible] jewel-lotus [maṇipadma] of the splendorous great mudrā! Blaze! Set in motion! Hūṁ!"
Amoghapāśa sūtras.
The mantra appears in various Mahayana sutras related to the deity Amoghapāśa. These include several short sutras which contain the mantra and basic instructions for its use (found in Chinese at Taisho no. 1092 and in Tibetan at Toh 682), and a much longer ritual manual called "Amoghapāśakalparāja" (Toh 686, tib. ’phags pa don yod pa’i zhags pa’i cho ga zhib mo’i rgyal po) which contains the shorter sutra in the first chapter along with extensive later chapters."" The short Amoghapāśa sutras include:
Regarding the longer "Amoghapāśakalparāja" (Toh 686), which also exists in a Sanskrit manuscript, modern scholars consider it to be a collection of various ritual manuals related to Amoghapāśa which likely circulated independently and were later collected together."" 
Another text which contains the mantra is "The Mantra of Light of the Empowerment of Vairocana of Amoghapāśa" (Bukong juansuo piluzhenafo daguangdingguang zhenyan 不空羂索毘盧遮那佛大灌頂光眞言, Taisho no. 1002) which was translated by the Patriarch of Chinese Esoteric Buddhism, Amoghavajra (705–774), during the Tang dynasty. 
In the shorter Chinese editions of the sutra, the mantra is used as a salvific mantra that can help deceased beings attain birth in the Pure Land of Amitabha as well as heal diseases. 
In the "Amoghapāśakalparāja", the heart dhāraṇī / mantra is called "Amogharāja" (Amogha King), the “heart essence of Amoghapāśa” (amoghapāśahṛdaya), and a "maṇḍala of liberation" (skt. vimokṣamaṇḍala, meaning any practice which is itself sufficient to produce liberation)."" The mantra is also used as a consecration mantra by the Buddhas of the ten directions which appear to ritually consecrate the bodhisattva Amoghapāśa (不空羂索, Unfailing Rope), a form of Avalokiteśvara who carried a rope and net (symbolizing the ability to save sentient beings and to bind the defilements). The longer compendium also contains discussions of the various emanations and dhāraṇīs of Amoghapāśa (including many short and longer dhāraṇīs other than the Mantra of Light), as well as Amoghatārā, a form of Tārā, who is the feminine consort of Amoghapāśa and also has her own dhāraṇī."" 
The popular Chinese edition of the sutra (Amoghavajra's edition) mentions how it is to be used to save even the dead and lead them to the Pure Land of Amitabha Buddha by reciting it over sand and spreading the sand on the dead:One should empower the sand with the mystic power of the mantra by repeating it one hundred and eight times, and the sand should be sprinkled on the corpses in the charnel grounds or on the graves of the deceased one should sprinkle the sand wherever one encounters them. The deceased may be in hell, in the realm of hungry ghosts, of angry gods, or of beasts. However, they will attain the body of light according to the needs of time and circumstance by means of the mystic power of the sand of the divine power of the Mantra of Light… The karmic retribution of their sins will be eliminated, they will discard their suffering bodies, and they will go to the Western Land of Bliss. They will be re born in the lotus blossom of Amida and will not fall back until they attain bodhi. The sutra also states that the mantra can be recited 1008 times in front of a sick person to remove the karmic obstacles of their sickness. 
In the Tibetan version of the larger ritual compendium (Toh 686), the passage which introduces the mantra states:All the tathāgatas throughout the ten directions, the fully realized buddhas established throughout the three times, became clearly visible, appearing, through their magical power, to be suspended in the canopy of the sky. They applauded the blessed Tathāgata Śākyamuni: "Good! It is good, Śākyamuni! This king of consecrations is extremely difficult to obtain. The king of vidyās was also consecrated by the former tathāgatas established throughout the three times. All of us declare with a single voice that each of us will also consecrate the great king of vidyās, the Light of the Wish-Fulfilling Amogha Jewel." Subsequently, each of the tathāgatas established throughout the three times extended his golden hand and consecrated the king of vidyās by anointing his head. Each tathāgata thus bestowed the mudrā consecration upon the king of vidyās. The mantra for the mudrā consecration is: "Oṁ, amogha jewel-lotus of the splendorous great mudrā! Blaze! Set in motion! Hūṁ!" Immediately after bestowing the great mudrā of consecration, each tathāgata congratulated the king of vidyās and disappeared, returning to his particular buddha field. 
In East Asia.
Chinese Buddhism.
In Chinese Buddhism, one primary usage of the mantra since the Song dynasty has been in regular ritual services carried out by monastics. For instance, an early reference to the mantra is found in the "Lebang wenlei" (樂邦文類) by Zongxiao 's (1151–1214), which discusses how the Tiantai monk Zhiyuan 智圓 (976–1022) in the Song Dynasty (960 - 1279) used the mantra on sand to attempt to save his deceased mother. Another key example of the mantra's employment in Chinese Buddhism is found in the manual "Baizhang qinggui zhengyi ji" (百丈清規證義記; lit: "Baizhang’s Pure Rules for Large Chan Monasteries with Orthodox Commentary"), which is a summary of general mainstream monastic vinaya rules in Chinese Buddhist temples within China compiled during the late Qing dynasty (1644 - 1912). In the subsection detailing the ritual for celebrating Śākyamuni Buddha's Birthday (釋迦佛誕; "Shìjiā" "Fó dàn"), the manual states that the ritual's participants should chant the Mantra of Light seven times in front of a statue of the infant Buddha before bathing the statue of the Buddha with water (浴佛 "Yùfó").
Most notably, the mantra is commonly used during the Shuilu Fahui ceremony (水陸法會), an elaborate, multi-day ritual that was first compiled during the Northern and Southern dynasties period and subsequently further extended during the Song, Ming and Qing dynasties. During the Shuilu Fahui ceremony, all enlightened and unenlightened beings in saṃsāra are invoked and invited to attend and partake in the physical and spiritual nourishment provided. In the most widely used version of the liturgy for the ceremony, the "Shuilu fahui yigui ben" (水陸儀軌會本), the Mantra of Light is recited seven times in succession by the officiating monastics while setting up the inner altar during a specific subsection where Vairocana is invoked into the ritual space. 
Today, the mantra and the liturgy remains in use during Shuilu Fahui ceremonies, which continues to be one of the most popular Chinese Buddhist rituals in contemporary times.
In the early 20th century, the mantra's usage further spread beyond monastic rituals to lay practice, mainly due to the efforts of Wang Hongyuan 王弘願 (1876–1937). Hongyuan learned the use of the mantra from Shingon Buddhists and compiled texts on its use, promoting the practice among his lay followers. His ritual manual called "A Study on the Mantra of Light" (光明真言之研究; "Guāngmíng zhēnyán zhī yánjiū") was distributed among his lay followers as a guide to the mantra. Hongyuan's work led to a new form of modern Chinese Pure Land devotion for laypeople which blends Pure Land practice with elements of Chinese Esoteric Buddhism.
Japanese Buddhism.
Although Kukai brought a copy of Amoghavajra's sutra to Japan in the 9th century, there are no records that he ever utilized it in tantric practices. Records show gradually increasing use in the Heian Period (794–1185). Some of the earliest reports of the regular use of the mantra come from 10th century Tendai societies on Mount Hiei, specifically that of the Twenty-Five Samādhi Assembly (二十五三昧会; "Nijūgo zanmai e"), which included the monk Genshin and focused on birth in Amitābha's pure land. 
In the 13th century, the Mantra of Light was widely popularized by the monk Myōe (1173–1232), and later by Shingon monks Eison and Ninshō in their ministries. Myōe famously taught the Mantra of Light as a way to purify bad karma and to achieve birth in Sukhavati (or other pure lands if one wished), seeing it as an alternative to the nembutsu. He even wrote a work on it, "Recommending Faith in the Sand of the Mantra of Light" (光明真言土砂勸信記; "Kōmyō shingon dosha kanjinki"). He recommended the mantra widely to his followers, especially to laypersons. 
Myōe came to see the Mantra of Light as "the mother of all mantras, most excellent among the miraculous teachings of Dharma granted by the Tathagata Vairocana". He tended to focus on the motif of the mantra's power of transformation, especially its ability to convert sand or dirt (with its associations with impurity) into something sacred and pure. According to Myōe:If there are sentient beings who hear it chanted for twice, three times, or just seven times, all sorts of obstructions resulting from their past karma will immediately be eradicated. At the end of their lives, they will never attain rebirth in evil realms. Chant this mantra for 108 times and empower dirt and sand, and sprinkle them over corpses lying on burial grounds or on graves. The dirt and sand are now penetrated with the all permeating, all unfailing, miraculous force of Vairocana's radiance by means of which [the Buddha] incessantly works to initiate beings into his secret teaching of reality. With the power of the dirt and sand, all the deceased sprinkled with them— whether they had been reborn in the evil reams of hell, hungry ghosts, fighting demons, or animals — will immediately receive Vairocana's light, abandon their bodies of suffering composed of past evil acts, and attain rebirth in the western pure land of extreme bliss. ... If there are beings who suffer for many years from frailty, illness, and all sorts of pain, these are caused by evil acts they committed in their previous lives. Recite this mantra before the sick for 1,080 times a day, repeat it for two days or three days. It will immediately cure the illness by removing evil karma accumulated through past lives. Eison (1201–1290) is known for convening "Mantra of Light Assemblies" at Saidaiji, which were joined by male and female monastics and laypersons who took the eight precepts for seven days and recited the Mantra of Light.
Both the Mantra and the nembutsu were often incorporated by medieval Buddhists at one time or another, often in the same service. A common practice for the Mantra of Light was to sprinkle pure sand, blessed with this mantra, on the body of a deceased person or their tomb, based on teachings expounded in the Sutra. The belief was that a person who had accumulated much bad karma, and possible rebirth in Hell would be immediately freed and allowed a favorable rebirth into the Pure Land of Amitabha Buddha. This practice is known as in Japanese.
Today, the mantra remains one of the most popular mantras in Shingon Buddhism and is also used in Tendai, Zen and Kegon liturgy.

</doc>
<doc id="7012560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012560" title="Anastacia DeSousa">
Anastacia DeSousa



</doc>
<doc id="7012562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012562" title="Toba Take Singh">
Toba Take Singh



</doc>
<doc id="7012564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012564" title="Level One">
Level One



</doc>
<doc id="7012566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012566" title="Gego">
Gego

Gertrud Louise Goldschmidt (1 August 1912 – 17 September 1994), known as Gego, was a modern German-Venezuelan visual artist. Gego is perhaps best known for her geometric and kinetic sculptures made in the 1960s and 1970s, which she described as "drawings without paper".
Early life.
Gertrud Louise Goldschmidt, who went by "Gego", was born on 1 August 1912 in Hamburg, Germany into a Jewish family. She was the sixth of seven children of Eduard Martin Goldschmidt and Elizabeth Hanne Adeline Dehn. Although she was the niece of the medieval art historian Adolf Goldschmidt, who taught at the University of Berlin, she decided to attend the Technische Hochschule of Stuttgart in 1932, where she was taught by the well-known German architect Paul Bonatz. In 1938, she earned a diploma in both architecture and engineering.
Because her family was Jewish, life became very difficult once the Nazis gained power in 1933. Her German citizenship was nullified in 1935, and she was forced to leave the country. She found work in 1939 in Venezuela as an architect and gained Venezuelan citizenship in 1952. Her parents and siblings all managed to leave Germany by June 1940 mostly settling in England and California. Some close relatives chose to stay in Germany unaware they would soon be murdered.
In 1987, Professor Frithjof Trapp of the University of Hamburg led an investigation called "Exile and Emigration of Hamburg Jews," which he hoped would explain the lives of these Jews. Gego was one person whom he hoped to investigate. After several letters to her home, she finally agreed to respond but the letter was never mailed and instead stayed in her collection of notes. In her testimony, "Reflection on my origins and encounters in life," Gego described how her family identified with German society. She described, in detail, her education history and her departure from Germany.
Importance of education.
After moving to Caracas, Venezuela, Gego taught at the College of Architecture and City Planning at the Central University of Venezuela between 1958 and 1967. Additionally, between 1964 and 1977, she taught at the Neumann Institute of Design, an institution where many other well-known artists, such as Harry Abend, a fellow European-born artist, also taught. Gego taught "Bidimensional and Three-Dimensional Form" and "Spatial Solutions" and published two articles between 1971 and 1977.
In 1948, Venezuelan president Rómulo Gallegos was overthrown by a military coup. Gego knew that, after a time of crisis, students become the members of society that are the most influential. Included in her "Sabiduras", a folder of her informal writings discovered upon her death, there is a letter addressed to her colleagues explaining the criteria that would be beneficial to the students of Venezuela. In it, she explains that only through experience can artists, and architects in particular, learn their medium: Images and theories about architecture would not further their artistic training. Her views were fueled by her belief that students were taught with too much emphasis on rationality and were becoming "ignorant of imagination."
Career.
Background.
Arriving in Venezuela during an economic boom, Gego was surrounded by artists enjoying a great deal of success. Modernism was the artistic fad sweeping through Latin America and artists in Venezuela participated enthusiastically. Modernism was a political tool as well. Latin American governments were trying to catch up to the advancements of the United States during the post―World War II era, and Venezuela thought by encouraging the modern art movement, which incorporated ideas of the industry, science, and architecture, the country would be seen as progressive.
Gego made her first sculpture in 1957. She was aware of the modern movement when she came to Caracas, but she did not want to simply co-opt the ideas of Kinetic Art, Constructivism or Geometric Abstraction. Instead, Gego wanted to create a style of her own because she was able to use so many aspects of her life in her art—for example, her German heritage. In the end, she saw that these new projects labeled "desarrollista" (developmentalist movement) were pleasing the elite and members of government, but she wanted an art that would relate to the local community of Venezuela.
Line.
From Kinetic Art, Gego incorporated motion as well as the importance of experimentation and the spectator. One of her earliest works, "Esfera (Sphere)" (1959), consists of welded brass and painted steel of different widths that are placed at different angles to one another in order to create overlapping lines and fields. When the viewer walks around the sphere, the visual relationship between the lines changes, creating a sense of motion. "Esfera" echoes the work done by famous Kinetic artists like Carlos Cruz-Diez and Jesus Rafael Soto. It was not until the mid-1960s that Gego departed from the basic concept of Kinetic Art in response to her developing ideas about lines. For her, a line inhabited its own space, and as such, it was not a component in a larger work but instead it was a work in itself. Therefore, in her artworks, she did not use line to represent an image; line was the image.
The strength or purpose of a line was enhanced by Gego's use of different materials, like steel, wire, lead, nylon and various metals. In addition to relating to her interest in architecture, these materials also contradicted the new modernist movement in Latin America. Gego not only used these materials to create lines in her massive sculptures but also in her series entitled "Dibujos Sin Papel (Drawings without Paper)". These small works were created from scraps of metal that were bent and weaved together in order to evoke movement, experimentation, and spontaneity.
While in Los Angeles in the late 1960s, Gego composed a series of lithographs that were mostly untitled except for a ten-page book entitled, "Lines" in 1966. This book was produced in gray and red. Variations in the thickness, length, and direction of the lines demonstrate the fundamental instability of lines. By experimenting with line in a different medium, Gego emphasized that the notion of a "line" retains its strength and independence regardless of its specific location or form.
Space.
Gego's idea of a series of artworks that would be titled "Drawings Without Paper" reflected on her view of space. She considered space as its own form; as if her artwork was occupying the artwork of the room itself. Since her work is made from nets and grid-like materials, negative space is everywhere, creating an appreciation of both the negative as well as the positive space. But it is the shadows created by her works that reveal the integral connection between the sculpture and the room it occupies. In Gego's work, she was thus allowed to play with the idea of the stable and unstable elements of art: The stable elements of art is the sculpture itself, while the unstable elements consist of the constantly changing shadows and the slight movement in her design due to the fragility of her materials. In fact, the way Gego's sculptures exist in space changes every time it was installed because she had the power to recreate the image as she wanted.
Tamarind Lithography Workshop.
On the invitation of June Wayne, Gego briefly visited Tamarind Lithography Workshop in Los Angeles (now Tamarind Institute) in 1963 and returned as an artist-fellow from November to December 1966, during which time she created thirty-one lithographs, including two books of them.
Gego explained her interest in using non-traditional formats in her printmaking in a speech at Tamarind in 1966: "I think that series of sheets with a coherent meaning must be gathered in a way that they can be easily enjoyed so I make books."
As in her three-dimensional installations, Gego used printmaking as a mode of linear experimentation. She used line, and its infinite variations, to explore negative space, or what she called, the "nothing between the lines." At a reception honoring her at Tamarind in 1966 she explained, "I discovered that sometimes the in-between lines is as important as the lines by [themselves]."
Reticulárea.
Her series of "Reticuláreas" is undoubtedly her most popular and most talked about group of artworks. Her first series was created in 1969. Pieces of aluminum and steel were joined together to create an interweaving of nets and webs that fills the entire room when exhibited. Her use of repetition and layering in the massive structure causes the piece to seem endless. Since her death, the permanent collection of Reticuláreas is in the Galería de Arte Nacional in Caracas, Venezuela.
Personal life.
In 1940 Gego met Venezuelan urban planner Ernst Gunz at the architectural firm where she worked with other architects to design the Los Caobos housing estate for Luis Roche. They married in October 1940 and opened a furniture studio called ‘Gunz’, where Gego designed lamps and wooden furniture. Together the couple had Tomás (b. 1942) and Barbara (b. 1944). Gego closed Gunz in 1944 in order to spend more time with her children. By 1948 she returned to designing private homes, nightclubs, and restaurants.
In 1951 she separated from Gunz, and in 1952 met artist and graphic designer Gerd Leufert. Gego and Leufert remained partnered for the rest of her life. The romantic partnership coincides with the development of her artistic career: She began exhibiting her watercolors, collages, and monotypes in 1954 and by 1956 was experimenting with creating three-dimensional objects.
Death and legacy.
Gego died on 17 September 1994 in Caracas, Venezuela. That same year, her family founded the Fundación Gego to preserve her artistic legacy; it organizes posthumous exhibitions of her artwork and promotes awareness of Gego's significance to the art world. The Fundación Gego gave the permission to publish Gego's personal writings and testimonies in 2005. These writings, now published, may influence other artists in her innovative and experimental mode of sculpture.
Gego's work is in the Museum of Modern Art. Her work was included in the 2021 exhibition "Women in Abstraction" at the Centre Pompidou.

</doc>
<doc id="7012567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012567" title="Notker Wolf">
Notker Wolf

Notker Wolf (; 21 June 19402 April 2024) was a German Benedictine monk, priest, abbot, musician, and author. He was a member of St. Ottilien Archabbey located in Bavaria, Germany, which is part of the Benedictine Congregation of Saint Ottilien. He served as the ninth Abbot Primate of the Benedictine Confederation of the Order of Saint Benedict from 2000 to 2016. He was known as the "rock abbot", for playing flute and sometimes e-guitar with the rock band Feedback in concerts and recordings.
Biography.
Early life.
Werner Wolf was born on 21 June 1940, the son of a tailor in Bad Grönenbach in the Allgäu region of Germany. He undertook his early education at Oberrealschule Memmingen (today and at the Rhabanus-Maurus-Gymnasium St. Ottilien) where he graduated in 1961. He then petitioned to enter the Benedictine monastery of St. Ottilien Archabbey.
Monastic life.
Wolf began his profession as a Benedictine monk on 17 September 1962, and was given the name "Notker" in honor of Saint Notker. He then began his philosophical studies in Rome, at the Benedictine Pontificio Ateneo Sant'Anselmo. In 1965, he began studies at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich where he concentrated in the interdisciplinary fields of theology, philosophy, and natural sciences (zoology, inorganic chemistry, and the history of astronomy). He was ordained a priest on 1 September 1968 at St. Ottilien Archabbey. In 1970, Wolf returned to Rome and was appointed a professor of natural philosophy and philosophy of science at the Pontificio Ateneo Sant'Anselmo. In 1974, he achieved his doctor of philosophy (Dr. Phil.) degree from the same institution with a dissertation entitled "Das zyklische Weltmodell der Stoa. Ein Beitrag zur Geschichte von der Ewigen Wiederkehr des Gleichen" (The cyclical world model of the Stoa: A contribution to the history of the eternal return of the same).
Three years later, on 1 October 1977, Wolf was elected as the fifth Archabbot of St. Ottilien Archabbey, and thus also Abbot President of the Benedictine Congregation of Saint Ottilien with monasteries and foundations scattered throughout the world. At the time the congregation had over twenty monasteries and over 1,100 monks. Monks of this congregation are known as Missionary Monks, and Wolf fulfilled his mandate by building hospitals, schools, colleges, and monasteries, including countries such as China and North Korea.
On 7 September 2000, over 260 of the abbots of the Benedictine Confederation gathered in Rome and elected Wolf as the 9th Abbot Primate of the Order of St. Benedict. Although an "Abbot Primate" possesses little real authority over autonomous monasteries or congregations of monks, this position does allow him to serve as the visible presence of the Benedictine Order to the larger world. The office of Abbot Primate was created by Pope Leo XIII in 1886 to serve the Benedictine community as its liaison to the Vatican and civil authorities, to promote unity among the various autonomous Benedictine monasteries and congregations, and to represent the order at religious gatherings around the globe. The Abbot Primate resides at the primatial abbey of Sant'Anselmo all'Aventino in Rome, as well as serves as the "Grand Chancellor" to the Pontificio Ateneo Sant'Anselmo. With the election of Abbot Gregory Polan as the new Abbot Primate on 9 September 2016, Wolf had completed sixteen years of service to the Benedictine Confederation.
Wolf returned to his home abbey of St. Ottilien and continued his life as a monk. He kept lecturing, including abroad such as in Tanzania and South Africa. His continued passions included inter-religious dialogue, environmental issues, responsible immigration policies, and ethical leadership and management.
Notker had always been skilled in music, which he expressed in Gregorian chant; he played flute and sometimes electric guitar in a rock band known as Feedback in concerts and recordings. He always took his flute along when traveling. Once when Feedback played as opening act for Deep Purple in a concert in Germany, he rocked with Deep Purple on stage. He played guitar with a school band to frame his lecture in 2022.
Wolf died on 2 April 2024, at the age of 83. He had accompanied a group of pilgrims to Rome, but felt ill and returned home sooner than the group. He missed a plane connection in Frankfurt and stayed in a hotel, where he died of a heart attack. His Requiem on 6 April was streamed live by the abbey.
Publications.
Wolf published numerous books, articles, interviews, videos, music CDs, and online streaming platform content. His books, musical compositions, and articles have been translated into over twenty different languages. Among his publications are:

</doc>
<doc id="7012568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012568" title="Chennapuri">
Chennapuri



</doc>
<doc id="7012571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012571" title="Cervical sympathetic chain">
Cervical sympathetic chain



</doc>
<doc id="7012573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012573" title="Phase I ESA">
Phase I ESA



</doc>
<doc id="7012576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012576" title="Elaine T. Marshall">
Elaine T. Marshall



</doc>
<doc id="7012579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012579" title="Super Noypi">
Super Noypi

Super Noypi is a 2006 Filipino action superhero fantasy film released on December 25, 2006, directed by Quark Henares and produced by Regal Films. It was an official entry to the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival. This was the last movie appearance of Sandara Park throughout her showbiz career in the Philippines.
Plot.
Six normal childhood friends bound together by friendship find themselves faced with a shocking revelation – their parents are the legendary Super Noypi, the most powerful superheroes in the land! But now they are in danger, taken hostage by the wicked super-villain Diego ("Monsour del Rosario"). One by one, the six friends discover their super powers: the ability to move objects with their mind, becoming invisible at will, having superhuman strength and speed, transforming into any shape imaginable, casting spells and controlling fire and ice.
With the help of a strong and spirited stranger from the future named Lia ("Jennylyn Mercado"), who claims that the world as we know it will cease to exist if they don’t stop Diego now, Lorenzo Valdez ("Mark Herras"), Annys Valdez ("Katrina Halili"), Yñigo Raymundo ("John Prats"), Euen Rapisora ("Polo Ravales"), Michie Rapisora ("Sandara Park"), and Tonton Valdez ("Andrew Muhlach") stick together, taking a stand against evil in order to save the world and the people they love the most.

</doc>
<doc id="7012581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012581" title="Lincoln Square (Bellevue, WA)">
Lincoln Square (Bellevue, WA)



</doc>
<doc id="7012583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012583" title="Maria Izquierdo">
Maria Izquierdo



</doc>
<doc id="7012595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012595" title="Near North (neighborhood), Minneapolis">
Near North (neighborhood), Minneapolis

 
Near North is one of six neighborhoods in the Near North community of Minneapolis. It is located in Ward 5, represented by city council member Jeremiah Ellison.
Geography and demographics.
The neighborhood is located directly north of the more industrial and historic neighborhoods of Minneapolis, the North Loop. It is one of Minneapolis’s historically Black neighborhoods.
It is bordered by the Hawthorne and Jordan neighborhoods to the north, St. Anthony West to the east, North Loop, Sumner-Glenwood, and Harrison to the south, and Willard-Hay to the west. Official boundaries are the Mississippi River and Emerson Avenue on the east, West Broadway Avenue on the north, a combination of streets from Irving Avenue to Penn Avenue on the west, and Olson Memorial Highway and 11th Avenue North on the south.
Portions of Near North east of Dupont Avenue form the unofficial neighborhood of Lyn Park, home of Minnesota Senate president Bobby Joe Champion.
Historic structures.
The neighborhood contains three buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="7012597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012597" title="Mohanbhai Sanjibhai Delkar">
Mohanbhai Sanjibhai Delkar

Mohan Sanjibhai Delkar (19 December 1962 – 22 February 2021) was an Indian politician and tribal rights advocate, who was elected seven times as a member of Lok Sabha from Dadra and Nagar Haveli constituency, in the Union Territory of Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli and Daman &amp; Diu. He had been part of Indian National Congress (INC), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Janata Dal (United) (JDU) at various times, and had also founded his own party Bharatiya Navshakti Party for some period.
Political career.
Mohan Delkar was born on 19 December 1962 to Sanjibhai Delkar. Sanjibhai was elected to Lok Sabha from Dadra and Nagar Haveli in 1967 as Indian National Congress candidate and joined Morarji Desai's NCO faction when the party split in 1969. He lost 1971 Lok Sabha election as NCO candidate.
Mohan Delkar started his career as a trade union leader in Silvassa and fought for the rights of tribal people working in different factories there. In 1985, he started Adivasi Vikas Sangathan for the tribal people. In 1989, he was elected to the 9th Lok Sabha from Dadra and Nagar Haveli constituency as an independent candidate. In 1991 and 1996 he was re-elected as an Indian National Congress candidate from the same constituency. In 1998, he was again elected to the Lok Sabha as a Bharatiya Janata Party candidate from the same constituency. In 1999 and 2004, he was re-elected to the Lok Sabha as an independent and the Bharatiya Navshakti Party (BNP) candidate respectively; a party that he had formed. On 4 February 2009, he re-joined the Congress. and in 2019 he distanced himself from the Congress and was elected as an independent politician. However, in 2020, he joined the Janata Dal (United) party.
Educational and community projects.
In July 2003, Delkar established the Svargiya Sanjhibhai Rupjhibai Memorial Trust (SSRMT), named after his father, with the mission to improve quality of higher education in the tribal region of Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli. The campus spread over 50 acres of land in Silvassa comprises four college that are affiliated with Pune University; SSR College of Arts, Science and Commerce, SSR College of Pharmacy, SSR College of Education and SSR Institute of Management and Research In 2018, Delkar gave part of the SSR Memorial Trust's land for a token rent of one rupee to the local administration for establishment of the fifth college, NAMO Medical Education and Research Institute. For the Adivasi tribal people to have community function spaces he built a community hall called Adivasi Vikas Bhavan at Jawhar.
Death.
Background.
On 5 July 2020, Delkar posted a video on YouTube and Twitter threatening to resign as Lok Sabha MP claiming that local administration was tormenting him. Delekar stated, "All my efforts to get justice are blocked and stonewalled by these people. They are even trying to frame me in fake cases, my supporters, the organisations I run or work for are targeted and the people in it are also hounded." Delkar can also be heard saying that BJP leaders, the bureaucracy, police, investigating agencies, and local goons "were constantly harassing him at all levels." Sachin Sawant of Congress stated that an investigating officer had allegedly even told Delkar, "He has received an order from above".
On 19 September 2020 in parliament, he raised the issue of "misbehaviour" by local officials "as part of a conspiracy" claiming that on Liberation Day (2 August), he was "denied the right to address the people of the region as an MP". Abhinav Delkar, son of Mohan Delkar, stated that local administration had made things difficult for them and their supporters. He further stated that his father's supporters and tribal workers had been sacked from their jobs in a local government school because they had supported him in elections. He stated that attempts of demolishing the local university SSR College of Arts, Science and Commerce were made which his father managed to stop through a stay order from the court".
Suicide.
Delkar travelled to Maharashtra, to attend a court hearing of one of his supporters who was previously held in judicial custody at Silvassa sub-jail for carrying out illegal liquor smuggling in name of running a hotel. Delkar hanged himself at the Hotel Sea Green, Mumbai on 22 February 2021, leaving a 15-page suicide note. The note held politicians and administrative officials responsible for "injustice", "insult" and "bias" meted out to him, and specifically named Praful Khoda Patel.
Maharashtra's Home Minister Anil Deshmukh sought "a probe into the BJP's role in Delkar's suicide", to check if he was being pressured by officials at the behest of the Central Government. Abhinav Delkar states that, "He knew that if he had to end his life here, the suicide note would have vanished and no case would have been registered".
On 25 February 2021, Abhinav Delkar wrote to the Prime Minister requesting for justice. Abhinav demanded that Praful Patel must be removed as administrator since he was facing allegations in the case of his father's death.
First Information Report.
First Information Report (FIR) under Section 306 (abetment of suicide), 389 (Putting person in fear of accusation of offence, in order to commit extortion) and 506 (criminal intimidation) and sections of Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989 was registered against Praful Khoda Patel, collector Sandeep Kumar Singh, former police superintendent Sharad Bhaskar Darade, deputy collector Apurva Sharma, sub-divisional officer Manasvi Jain, police inspector Manoj Patel, DNH Law Secretary Rohit P. Yadav, talathi Dilip Patel and BJP leader Fatehsinh V Chauhan who has a history of land grabbing disputes.
From 18 December 2020 to 19 January 2021, Mohan Delkar had made complaints against those named in the FIR to Prime Minister Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah, LS Speaker Om Birla, and Parliamentary Personnel, Public Grievances, Law and Justice committee chairman Bhupender Yadav. On 12 February 2021 Sunil Kumar Singh chaired a Lok Sabha Privileges Committee hearing where Delkar announced, "If harassment to me is not stopped, then I would be left with no option but committing suicide." Hours before the FIR was registered, Anil Deshmukh announced in the Vidhan Bhavan the creation of a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the suicide.
During the 10 March 2021 parliamentary Zero Hour session, Vinayak Raut declared: "MVA government in Maharashtra has deputed ATS (Anti-Terrorism Squad) to probe the matter but I request the PM through this House that the local Administration, SP and Collector should be sacked and tried under IPC Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder)."
On 10 March 2021, Supriya Sule and Nationalist Congress Party leader issued a memorandum signed by MPs from other parties including Shashi Tharoor of Indian National Congress, Akhilesh Yadav of Samajwadi Party and members of the Shiv Sena, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, Trinamool Congress and the Bahujan Samaj Party to urging LS Speaker Om Birla to refer the case to the Committee of Privileges.
Ongoing Street Protests.
People joined a candlelight vigil marching through Zanda Chowk and Kilvani Naka in Silvassa on 26 February 2021. Local leaders present included Prabhubhai Tokiya and Daman Youth Action Committee, president Umesh Patel along with Delkar family. Placards demanded justice for Delkar and contended that his fate was 'institutional murder'. Street protests continued daily through Silvassa and around DNH. The FIR registration resulted in the protesters demanding removal of Praful Khoda Patel. Local politicians lead protesters with black flags on 12 March against local administration program resulting in its cancellation with officials leaving under police protection. On 14 March 2021 protesters burnt effigy of Patel. The Adivassi Vikash Sangathan (AVS) tribal rights organisation that Delkar founded has announced a bandh (strike) for Monday 22 March 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="7012599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012599" title="Bhagyanagaram">
Bhagyanagaram



</doc>
<doc id="7012601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012601" title="Galleria Umberto I">
Galleria Umberto I

Galleria Umberto I is a public shopping gallery in Naples, southern Italy. It is located directly across from the San Carlo opera house. It was built between 1887 and 1890, and was the cornerstone in the decades-long rebuilding of Naples—called the "risanamento" (lit. "making healthy again")—that lasted until World War I. It was designed in the Stile Umbertino by Emanuele Rocco, who employed modern architectural elements reminiscent of the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II in Milan. The Galleria was named after Umberto I, King of Italy at the time of construction. It was meant to combine businesses, shops, cafés and social life—public space—with private space in the apartments on the third floor.
The Galleria is a high and spacious cross-shaped structure, surmounted by a glass dome braced by 16 metal ribs. Of the four iron and glass-vaulted wings, one fronts on via Toledo (via Roma), still the main downtown thoroughfare, and another opens onto the San Carlo Theatre. It has returned to being an active center of Neapolitan civic life after years of decay. The building is part of the UNESCO listing of the Historic Centre of Naples as a World Heritage Site.
The Galleria Umberto is the setting for "The Gallery" (1947) by the American writer John Horne Burns (1916–1953) based on his experiences as an American soldier in Naples shortly after the liberation of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="7012603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012603" title="Sweden election, 2006">
Sweden election, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7012604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012604" title="Swedish election, 2006">
Swedish election, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7012607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012607" title="Swedish elections, 2006">
Swedish elections, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7012609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012609" title="Cricket Hill Brewery">
Cricket Hill Brewery

Cricket Hill Brewery is a brewery in Fairfield, New Jersey, USA. Founded in 2000 and opening to the public in 2002 with their flagship beers: East Coast Lager and American Ale. They currently produce Colonel Blide's Bitter and Hopnotic IPA and seasonals, Jersey Summer Breakfast Ale, Fall Festivus, Paymasters Porter, and Maibock.
Rick Reed, founder of the New Jersey Beer Rebellion, is the head brewer and CEO. Brad Benson was the company's first brewer, followed by Norbert Walsh and current brewer David Manka, both American Brewers Guild graduates.
Cricket Hill actively practices Reinheitsgebot, the Germany beer brewing purity restrictions, and it is known for cask-aging beer.

</doc>
<doc id="7012610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012610" title="Rice blight">
Rice blight



</doc>
<doc id="7012612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7012612" title="Madame Blueberry">
Madame Blueberry



</doc>
